THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno Quadragesimo Tertio

GEORGII III. REGIS:

BEING THE

FIRST SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT

Of THE

UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

Vol. XLIV. Part 1.

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA,

TO THE END OF THE

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

vol. XLIV.

CAMBRIDGE;

PRINTED BY R. WATTS, AT THE UNIVERSITY PRESS,

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst, )

FOR J. JOHNSON, ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD, G. AND J. ROBINSON, PATERNOSTER-ROW, AND D. OGILVY AND SON, AT NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.

1804.

Cum Privilegio.

A

TABLE

OF ALL

THE STATUTES

PASSED

In the FORTY-THIRD YEAR of the Reign of His Majesty

KING GEORGE III.

BEING

The First Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. AN act for further suspending, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, the operation of two acts made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 2. An act for the more speedy and effectual enrolment of the militia of Ireland; and for filling up vacancies therein.

Cap. 3. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 4. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 5. An act for raising the sum of five millions by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 6. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three, to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 7. An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to provide for the more speedy payment of all navy, victualling, and transport bills that shall be issued in future.

Cap. 8. An act for reviving and continuing for five years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, certain acts, passed in the parliament of Ireland, for regulating the baking trade in the city and county of Dublin; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the provisions of the said acts, or any of them.

Cap. 9. An act to rectify a mistake in an act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied, relative to the pay of serjeants, corporals, and drummers.

Cap. 10. An act to amend so much of an act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting the militia, as relates to the exemption of licensed teachers of any separate congregation from serving in the militia.

Cap. 11. An act for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 12. An act to continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several laws relating to the prohibiting the exportation and permitting the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty; to the relief of captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize-goods in this kingdom; and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the isle of Malta.

Cap. 13. An act to continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes; or other provisions; and for permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and provisions, without payment of duty.

Cap. 14. An act for continuing, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the forty- second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the prices at which grain, meal, and flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland so Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the passing thereof, until the said first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the exportation of feed corn from Great Britain to Ireland; and the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Cap. 15. An act to facilitate, and render more easy, the transportation of offenders.

---

Cap. 16. An act for appointing commissioners to enquire and examine into any irregularities, frauds, or abuses which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments therein mentioned, and in the business of prize-agency; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for preventing such irregularities, frauds, and abuses; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said departments, and of prize-agency* in future.

Cap. 17. An act for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties instead thereof.

Cap. 18. An act to amend and continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament; the restrictions contained in several acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, on payments of cash by the Bank.

Cap. 19. An act to authorise the training and exercising the militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight days.

Cap. 20. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 21. An act for granting to his Majesty several duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commissioners for managing die stamp-duries in Ireland.

Cap. 22. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to persons felling hats, and on hats sold by retail, in Ireland.

Cap. 23. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upoq certificates with respect to the killing of game in Ireland.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 24. An act for continuing, until the*day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, federal acts for granting and continuing duties to his Majesty ip Icifdrti.

Cap. 25. An act for better securing the freedom of efedions of members to serve in parliament for any place inJrfhnd, by disabling certain officers employed in the colfcdipn^r Management of his Majesty's revenues in Ireland from gtving'rfftF votes at such elections. v.

Cap. 26. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle^drt annuity on his royal, highness the Prince of Wales, to conuntu^until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six£and for repealing so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his Majesty, as directs the annual payjr^djj of thirteen thousand pounds out of the revenues of the ducMy.df Cornwall to the of appointed by the said adu: !:

Cap. 27. An act for the regulation of his Majids royal marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 28. An act for granting to his Majesty certaitj ratet# and duties upon letters and packets sent by Within

Ireland; 'v'Itfjjk

Cap. 29. An act to revive and continue, until thrftffltday of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an ad\'1lrt^e in the - thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, establishing courts of judicature in the island of Nex^undiand; to continue several laws relating to the preventing th^clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and for preventing frauds relating to the customs, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and* nine, and from thence tq ifie end of the -then next session of parliament; to the suspending fcerfiin countervailing duties granted by an act for carrying- into.yxecution the treaty with America, to ttye twenty-rwth day q{'March one thousand eight hundred and four; to thdy allowing\|he use of salt, duty-free, in the preserving of fish, ihhutk/o^m barrels, and to the discontinuing the bounty payable oft herrings

exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March ©n£ thousand eight hundred and four; to the encouragement of Vl^ffidd: and manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more eflfedual prevention octo and from the said island, to the fifth day of thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual ei^wragieinent of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Bfifafafiortbe twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hih^Ted aftd fix; to the importing (alt from Europe into the province of Quebec, in America, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo, to the twenty-ninth day of Sept ember, one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and nine, and

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; 10 the encouragement of the (ilk manufactures, to the twenty-Iburth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; © the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first day of December one thousand eight hundredbd nine, and from thence to the end of the then next fefuon of -parliament; and to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, to the twenty-fourA day of ffiune one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to Jhe end of the then next session of parliament.

Cap. 30. An act to entitle Roman catholicks taking and subscribing the declaration and oath contained in the a ft of the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to relieve, upon conditions and under ref rift ions, the persons tier tin dejiribed from certain penalties and disabilities to which, pa* rp, or persons profiling the popish religion, are by law subject, to the benefits given by an act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for relieving his Majests subjects, professing the popish religion, from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, 1 An act for the further preventing the growth of popery '

Cap. 31. An act for establishing certain regulations in the office of surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, forests, parks, and chafes.

Cap. 32. An act for allowing vessels employed in the Green-laysd whale-fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season.

Cap. 33. An act to repeal certain parts of an act passed in Ac present session of parliament, intituled An act for the more fyecdy and effectual enrolment of the militia of Ireland; and for fill-u % up vacancies therein, and for making ot^er provisions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 34. An act to continue, until the eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act p continue, until the eighth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, an act passed in the last session of parliament, 'for saying proceedings in actions under the statute of King Henry the Eighth, lfor abridging spiritual persons from having pluralities of livings, and of taking offermsand also to say proceedings in actions under the act of the thirteenth year of Queen Elizabeth, pouching leases of benefices, and other ecclesiastical livings, with cure.'

Cap. 35. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments in trustees, for further promoting the service of his Majesty's ordnance at Woolwich.

Cap. 36. An act for raising the sum of four millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 37. An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to rear admiral fir James Satimarezy baronet, and knight of the most honourable order of the bath, in consideration of his eminent services which he has performed on various occasions.

Cap. 38. An act to provide, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual completion of the establishment of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up vacancy therein.

Cap. 39. An act for appointing of for distributing the money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the convention made between his Majesty and the said United States, among the peffons having claims to compensation out of such money.

Cap. 40. An act for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 41. An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

Cap. 42. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much, of an act made in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, relating tov certain duties on sugar and coffee exported; for permitting British plantation-sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing drawbacks on sugar exported, as relates to repealing the duties on sugar and coffee exported, and allowing British plantation-fugat to be warehoused.

Cap. 43. An act to continue, until the twenty-nin$h day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, several acts of parliament for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland; and for preventing frauds therein.

Cap. 44. An act to amend and continue (until three months after any restriction imposed by any act of the present session of parliament on the bank of England from issuing calli in payments shall cease), an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the restrictions on payments in cash by the bank of Ireland.

Cap. 45. An act for the more effectually preserving the peace, and securing the freedom of election, in the town of Nottingham, and county of the said town.

Cap. 46. An act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious arrests and suits; and to authorise the levying of poundage upon executions in certain cases.

Cap. 47. An act for consolidating and amending the several laws for providing relief for the families of militia men of £ng+ land) when called out into actual service.

Cap. 48. An act to enable the East India company to defray the expences of certain volunteer corps raised by the said company.

(Publick General) 43 GEO. III.

Cap. 49. An act to amend so much of several acts, passed in the sixth and seventh year; and in the seventh and eighth year of the Teign of King William the Third, as relates to the exportation of hiver bullion.

Cap. 50. said acts.

Cap. 51. An act to render more effectual an act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land-tax.

Cap. 52. An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into execution certain orders of council for the prevention of the exportation of gunpowder, saltpetre, and naval stores, and the permission of the exportation of feed corn to Norway.

Cap. 53. An act to render the process of his Majesty's courts of King's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, in personal actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests; and to repeal so much of an act passed in the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the time for trials by nisi prius in the city and county of Dublin; and son making the process of the court of exchequer more effectual % as relates to compelling the appearance of defendants in personal actions,

Cap. 54. An act for making better provision for the parochial schoolmasters, and for making further regulations for the better government of the parish-schools in Scotland.

Cap. 55. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm, during the present war; and for indemnifying persons who may Aiffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose.

Cap. 56. An act for regulating the vessels carrying passengers from the united kingdom to his Majesty's plantations and settlements abroad, or to foreign parts, with respect to the number of such passengers.

Cap. 57. An act for the better protection of the trade of the united kingdom during the present bofliluies with France.

Cap. 58. An act for the further prevention of malicious (hooting, and attempting to discharge loaded fire-arms, (tabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of means to procure the miscarriage of women; and also the malicious setting fire to buildings; and also for repealing a certain &ft, made in England in the twenty-first year of the late King James the First, intituled An act to prevent the destroying and murthering of bastard children; >and also an act made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne> also intituled An act

Cap. 50. An act for more speedily complgtipg the mil Great Britain, raised under two acts, passed in the forty-year of the reign of his present Majesty; and for amendi

A TABLE of the STATUTES

to prevent the defraying and murthering of bastard children; and far making other provisions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 59. An act for remedying certain defects in the laws relative to the building and repairing of county bridges, and other works maintained at the expence of the inhabitants of counties in England.

Cap. 60. An act for remedying certain defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain exchequer bills.

Cap. 61. An act for the relief of soldiers, flilors, and marines, and of the wives of soldiers, in the cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England.

Cap. 62. An act for transferring to the royal navy such seamen as are now serving in the militia of Great Britain

Cap. 63. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for regulating the manner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular service-, to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 64. An act for the better supply of mariners and Teamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels, during the present hostilities.

Cap. 65. An act for vesting in trustees certain lands and hereditaments, at Charlton, in the cotfhty of Kent, for further promoting the service of his Majesty's ordnance.

Cap. 66. An act for vesting in trustees, certain lands and hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in the county of Northampton, for erecting buildings thereon for the service of his Majesty's ordnance.'

Cap. 67. An act for raising the sum of twelve millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 68. An act to repeal the duties of customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 69. An act to repeal the duties of excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 70. An act for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, and on the tonnage of ships' and vertfels in Great Britain.

Cap. 71. An act for augmenting the number of field-officers and other officers of militia within Great Britain.

Cap. 72. An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

Cap. 73. An act to amend an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to v repeal an act passed in the twentyfifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting stamp-duties on certain medicines, 'and for

charging

(Publick General) 43 GEO. III.

other duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual pr$-the better cslleftion of the said duties.

74. An act for further regulating the administration of or affirmation required to be taken by eledors of mcm-yrve in parliament, by an act passed in the second year; George the Second, intituled An act for the more effcc-venting bribery and corruption in the election of members to parliament.

75. An act to authorise the sale or mongage of the Jytcs of persons found lunatick by inquisition, in England or Roland respectively; and the granting of leases of the same.

Cap. 76. An act for transferring to the royal navy such legnen as are now serving in the militia of Ireland.

Cap. 77. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices or employments in Ireland^ according to law.

Cap. 78. An act for continuing, until the first day of fufy one thousand eight hundred and four, an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and tbreej the prices at which grainy mealy anilflour may be escportedfr'om Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an act, made in the present session of parliament, for continuing the said act, and for permitting the exportation of feed-corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Cap. 79. An act for making more effectual provision within Ireland for the punishment of offences, in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or destroying ships and vessels; and for the more convenient trial of accessaries in felonies.

Cap. 80. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds, to be issued and applied towards making roads and building bridges in the highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the proprietors of land in Scotland, to charge their eiftates with a proportion of the expence of making and keeping in repair roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland.

Cap. 81. An act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace, certain additional duties of excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 82. An act to enable his Majesty 'more effectually to raise and affepible, in England, an additional military force, for the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

Cap. 83. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional military force in Scotland, for the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

Cap. 84. An act to amend the laws relating to spiritual persons. holding of farms; and for enforcing the residence of spiritual persons on their benefices, in England,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 85. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional military force for the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

Cap. 86. An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen, artificers, journeymen, and labourers, in Ireland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

Cap. 87. An act to continue, during the restriction on payments in cash by the bank of Ireland and to amend an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth year of tl\e reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to restrain the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum; and also an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, to continue and* amend the said act.

Cap. 88. An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of Ireland\ for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be*embodied $ and for making allowances in certain cases to sub-altern officers of the said militia during peace.

Cap. 89. An act for providing relief for the families of militia men in Scotland, when called out into actual service. '

Cap. 90. An act for enlarging the limits of the southern whale-fishery.

Cap. 91. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money to, be raised by lotteries.

Cap. 92. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on the importation of goods, wares, and merchandize into, and on goods, wares, and merchandize exported from Ireland and also certain duties of excise on spirits and malt distilled and made in Ireland.

Cap. 93. An act for raising the sum of five millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 94. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 95. An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants and serjeant-majors of the militia of England^ disembodied under an act of the same session of parliament.

Cap. 96. An act to amend and render more effbdual an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war> and for indemnifying persons

1 fPublitk General) 43 GEO. III.

who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be riewgkry for that purpose\ and to enable his Majesty more effec-tuS|f and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted prero^ in requiring the military service of his liege subjects in af invasion of the realm.

Cap. 97. An act toamend several acts of parliament for the bef^er coljedion and security of his Majesty's revenue of customs aqiexcise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein; and to nme further regulations relating thereto.

Cap. 98. An act to amend the acts, now in force, for securing th % colkdion of the revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trite of a distiller in Ireland.

Cap. 99. An act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any acts or acts relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the same.

Cap. 100. An act to render more effectual two acts, made in thfo present session of parliament, for the more speedily com*-plcting the militia of Great Britain, and for raising an additional mi|kary force for the better defence of the united kingdom.

Cap. 101. An act for raising in the city of London, a certain number of men as an addition to the military for^e of Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

Cap. 102. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds, towards defraying the expence of making an inland navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Invtrness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Heps toward executing the same.

Cap. 103. An act to permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoused in the united kingdom without payment of duties, under certain restrictions for a limited time.

Cap. 104. An act to rectify a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for enlarging the y period for the payment of part of certain sums of money Advanced byf way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands j/*Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 105. An act to permit the exportation, for two years, of a certain quantity of corn, gratp, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, or pulse, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other ports in England, as well as the port of Southampton, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 106. An act to enable the of of first-fruita in Ireland to lend certain sums of money (interest free), to incumbents of benefices there, for \the purpose of enabling them to ered or purchase glebe-houses and offices convenient for their residence; and to purchase glebe-lands fit and convenient for the erection of such houses and offices; and to make provision for the repayment of ail loans so to be made by the said of.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 107. An act for effectuating certain parts of an act passed in the second and third years of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious intentions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grants in perpetuity, the revenues of the first fruits and tenths; and also for enabling any other persons to make grants for the same purpose, so far as the same relate to deeds and wills made for granting and bequeathing lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, and chattels, to the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in the said act mentioned; and for enlarging the powers of the said governors.

Cap. 108. An act to promote the building, repairing or otherwise providing of churches and chapels, and of houses for the residence of ministers, and the providing of church-yards and glebes.

Cap. 109. An act to rectify a mistake in an act, made in this pre^nt session of parliament, intituled An act to amend the laws relating to spiritual persons holding of farms; and for enforcing the residence of spiritual persons on their benefices in England; and to remove a doubt respecting the title of the statute of the twenty-first year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned.

Cap. 110. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend an all, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor, so far as relates to the payment of the debts incurred for building any poor-boufi.

Cap. 110. An act for enabling friendly societies, intended to be established under an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to rectify mistakes made in the registry of their rules.

Cap. 112. An act for the better preservation of heath-fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 113. An act for the more effectually providing for the punishment of offences in wilfully carting aWay, burning, or destroying ships and vessels; and for the more convenient trial of accessaries in felonies; and for extending the powers of an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, ' as far as relates to mureters, to accessaries to mureters, and to manslaughters.

Cap. 114. An act for raising the sum of one million, Irish currency, by treasury bills, for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and three. '

Cap. 115. An act to explain and amend two acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum-boats and other boats, upon the river Thames, and for the more effectual prevention of depredations thereon, so far as relates to the feifure^of exciseable commodities.

(Publick General) 43 GEO. III.

Cap. 116. An act to empower the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland tp apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Ma-jeftjr's person and government, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

Cap. 117. An act for the suppression of rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection of the persons and property of his Majesty's faithful subjects there, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement of the nex^session of parliament.

Cap. 118. An act to_render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the discovery of the longitude at sea, and for continuing the encouragement of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating, thereto; and for discharging certain debts incurred by the of of the longitude, in carrying the acts relating thereto into execution.

Cap. 119. An act for improving the funds of the chest at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich hospital; and for ameliorating the condition of the pensioners on the said funds.

Cap. 120. An act to amend an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable Jo is Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war, and for*indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such tneafures as may be necessary for that purpose J and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient <yid undoubted prerogative in requiring the military service of his liege subjects in case of invaTum of the realm.

Cap. 121. An act for authoring the billetting of such troops of yeomanry and volunteer cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting to military discipline, during the war, such serjeants serving in any volunteer or yeomanry corps of cayalry or infantry as receive constant pay, and all trumpeters, drummers, or bugle-men serving the rein, and receiving pay at any daily or weekly rate; and for the further regulating of such yeomanry and volunteer corps.

Cap. 122. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, pro-sessions, trades, and offices.

Cap. 123. An act for exempting persons serving, or who have found substitutes to serve, in the additional military force, raised under an act of this session of parliament, from being ballotted to serve in the militia of England.

Cap. 124. An act to rectify a mistake in an act, made in the present feffiop of parliament, for raising an additional military

A TABLE of the STATUTES

force In Scotland; and for exempting persons serving the rein, either personally or by substitute, from being ballotted to serve in the militia of Scotland.

Cap. 125. An act to empower his Majesty's of of lieutenancy for the city of London to carry into execution, within the said city, an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an aftr passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, kAn act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm daring we present war, and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose f and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to txeriife his ancient and undoubted prerogative, in requiring the military service of his liege subjects in case of invasion of the realm.

Cap. 126. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on receipts.

Cap. 127. An act for consolidating the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, in Great Britain.

Cap. 128. An act for the further regulation of jthe collection of the duties of customs in Great Britain in certain cases.

Cap. 129. An act to amend so much of an act made in this session of parliament, for granting additional duties of excise, as relates to the exportation of tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of permits for the removal of coffee, tea, and cocoa- nuts out of warehouse, and for more effectually securing the duties on coffee.

Cap. 130. An act for rectifying a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament for better collecting the duties on auctioneers.

Cap. 131. An act for charging an additional duty on lignum quaffia imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 132. An act for permitting certain goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in warehouse without payment of duty.

Cap. 133. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight, an act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit the importation and exportation of certain goods and commodities into the port of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets into Great Britain.

Cap. 134. An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize-goods in Great Britain, during hostilities.

Cap. 135. An act for the removing of doubts respecting the: validity of alignments made or to be made pursuant to the awards of the of acting under the sevenih article of

(Publick General} 43 GEO. III.

the treaty with the United States of America; and for the better enabling of his Majesty to recover the interests so assigned.

Cap. 136. An act to suspend, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and proceedings, under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture.

Cap. 137. An act to enable ibe court of directors of the East India company to make reasonable allowances to the owners of certain {hips in the service of the said company, on account of the extraordinary expence attending the outfit of the said Clips, between certain periods;

Cap. 138. An act for extending the jurisdiction of the courts of justice in the provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the trial and punishment of persons guilty of crimes and offences within certain parts of North America adjoining to the said provinces. 1 1

Cap. 130. An act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign bills of exchange, and of foreign promissory notes and orders for the payment of money$ and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign copper money.

Cap. 140. An act to enable the judges of his Majesty's courti of record at Westminster to award writs of Habeas-Corpus for*bringing persons detained in gaol before courts-martial, and the several of therein mentioned.

Cap. 141. An act to render justices of the peace more fate in the execution of their duty.

Cap. 142. An act to make provision, in certain cases, for the wives and families of ballotted men, substitutes, and volunteers, serving in the militia of Ireland.

Cap. 143. An act for the rendering justices of the peace, and governors and deputy governors of counties and places in Ireland\ morefafe in the execution of their office; and for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to the warrants of such justices of the peace, governors, and deputy governors respectively.

Cap. 144. An act for procuring returns relative to the expence and maintenance of the poor in England.

Cap. 145. An act for more effectually securing certain duties on malt, and for preventing frauds by makers of malt from beer or bigg in Scotland.

Cap. 146. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 147. An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain, (or the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 148. An act to enable the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain to issue exchequer bills on the credit Of such-aids, or fujpplies as- have been or shall be

A TABLE of the STATUTES

granted by parliament for the fertice of Great Britain for die year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. 149. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of sixteen thousand pounds on the House of Orange during his Majesty's pleasure.

Cap. 150. An act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act or acts, relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and for amending the said acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 151. An act for preventing and settling disputes which may arise between matters and weavers engaged in the cotton manufacture in Scotland, and persons employed by such weavers and persons engaged in ornamenting cotton goods by the needle.

Cap. 152. An act to amend so much of an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty Kine George the First, intituled An act for the further preventing his Majesty's fob-jells from trading to the East Indies under foreign cmmissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, as relates to the said pilots.

Cap. 153. An act to permit, during the continuance of hostilities, and until (lx months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, the importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral vessels, from states in amity with his Majesty, of certain goods, wares, and merchandize; and to empower his Majesty, by order in council, to prohibit the exportation, of copper, and to permit the importation, in neutral vessels, from states not in amity with his Majesty, of certain goods, wares, and merchandize.

Cap. 154. An act for granting to his Majesty certain countervailing duties on the importation into Great Britain of refined sugar of the manufacture of Ireland; and for allowing additional drawbacks or bounties on the exportation to Ireland of refined sugar of the manufacture of Great Britain, during the continuance of certain acts; and for allowing, until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, a bounty on the importation of salmon and cod fish from the island of Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador, into Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 155. An act to repeal an act passed in the last session of parliament, for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, until three months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, regulations respeliing aliens arriving in this kingdom, or redding the rein, in certain cases.

Cap. 156. An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain, to contrail for the purchase of the duties of prisage and butlerage of wines.

Cap. 157. An act to make perpetual so much of an all, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised,

(Publick General 43 GEO. III.

and to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon fcifures.

Cap. 158. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of fifty thousand pounds, for building glcbe-houses in Ireland.

Cap. 159. An act for settling and securing a certain annuity ©o William lord Amherfi % and the representatives of the late Jeffery lord Ambtrjl, in consideradon of the eminent services performed by him during his command in America.

Cap. 160. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better end more effectually manning his Majesty's navy; for regulating the payment of prize-money, and for making provi*-fion for the salaries of the judges of the vice-admiralty courts in the island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama islands.

Cap. 161. An act for repealing the several duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, an4 granting new duties in lieu thereof; for granting new duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the duties of excise on licences, and on carriages constructed by coachmaker$, and granting new duties thereon, under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes; and also new duties on persons felling carriages by auction, or oncommission.

Cap. 162. An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the respective consolidated funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this.selfiw of parliament.

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

I. FOR continuing the term, and altering and enlarging Jl the powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending., widening and keeping in repair, the road from Spann Smithy in the county of Chester, to Talk in the county of Stafford.

2. For repairing, improving, and maintaining the road leading from Thirsk to Yarm, in the county of York,

3. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aff, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty; intituled An act for more effectually repairing, widening) altering, and improving the road from the town of Manchester, by a place called The White Smithy, in the township of Crumpfast, to the town of Rochdale; and also the road from the said place called The White Smithy, by a place called Beffes of the Barn, to the town gfBury; and also the road from the said place called Beffes of the Bam, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the township of Prestwich, all in the county Vol. XLIV. b palatine

A TABLE of the STATUTES

palatine of Lancaster; To far as the same relates to a certain district of road therein jdescribed, called The Manchester DislriB.

4. To continue and amend two acts, severally passed in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty* for repairing several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the road leading from the parish of Warmwell to the church in the parish of Ofmington, all in the county of Dorset.

5. To continue and enlarge the terms and powers of three acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty* fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, to Catheruk, in the same county, and from thence to PienJnridge, on the river Tees.

6. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the road leading from the town of Stone, in the county of Stafford, to a certain gate in the 'borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain gate on the south side of the said borough called Green Gate, through the towns of Dunflon and Penkridge, to a road called Streetway, in the road to Wolverhampton, in the said county of Stafford.

7. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the first and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike-road upon Gatherly Moor, in the county of York, to Staindrop, in the county of Durham, and from the said turnpike-road near S mallway s, across the river Tees, to Winston, in the said county of Durham.

8. for empowering the company of proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, to raise a further sum of money to enable them to complete the works authorised to be executed in pursuance of the several acts passed in the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth, and fiorty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging the powers and provisions of the said acts.

9. For rebuilding the tower of the parish-church of Saint. Peter, in the borough and liberty of Saint Alban, in the county of Hertford, together with the chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said parUh-church.

10. For paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving Kenfir.gton Square, and Young Street, and James Street communicating therewith, in the p?rish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the county of Middlesex\ and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein.

11. For amending, altering, and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for forming and keeping in repair, the streets, and ether publick passages and places, within a certain disirifl in the parish

(Local and Personal, to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

12. For unending and enlarging the powers of several acts, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth and thirty-third years of the reign of his prefect fc&jesty, for the better supplying of the^own and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.

13. For repairing, altering, widening, and improving the road leading from the Maidstone turnpike-gate, situate on the Lotfe road near Sutton "Lane, in the parish of Maidstone, to The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the county of Kent.

14. For continuing and amending an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading- from the end of the Exeter turnpike-road, on the west side of lord Clifford's park-gate to Biddaford, and also several roads leading from Bridgetown, in the county of Devon: and for varying the line of certain parts of the said roads, and also for extending the provisions of the said act to the road leading from the termination of one of the said roads, at or near the bottom of Water Lane, in the parish of Totnes, to a place called Lufcombe Crofsj in the parish of Harbertony in the said county of Devon.

15. To enable the company of proprietors for embanking part of The Laity near Plymouth, to make and maintain a road from a certain place called Efford £htay, in the parish of Egg Badlands in the county of Devon, to the borough of Plymouth.

16. To alter and enlarge the powers of three acts, made in the seventh, thirty-first, and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counters bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslowf to the powder-mills in the road to Staines, and to Cranford bridge in the road to Colnbrook, and several other roads in th&said county, so far as relates to the old district of road de* feribed in the first of the said adis.

17. For repealing an act, made in the thirty first year of the jreign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making a new road from Saint George'* gate in the city of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present road from thence to the Dover turnpike-road, in the parish ^Barham, in the county of Kent j and for making further and better provision for the several purposes of the said act.

18. For amending, widening, repairing, and improving the road from or near to the village of Glossop, in the county of Derby9 to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said county; and for/ making several branches of roads to and from the same.

19. For repairing and maintaining the road branching outj>f the turnpike-road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and pa fling through or near Thornydike, Wejiruther9 Hardlaw, Bedjhiell or the

A, Ta£L£ of the STATUTES

Kalm, and Choicelee, to where it joins the turnpike*road from Greenlaw to Dunfe, all in the county of Berwick.

20. To provide a new burial-ground, and erect a chapel thereon, for the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

21. For abolishing certain dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage* and Gtoundage, and for improving the port of the town of South* ampton; for making a convenient dock for the security of (hips5 For extending the quays and wharfs, and making docks and piers in the harbour there; and for erecting warehouses for the safe custody of goods and merchandize; and for imposing certain duties for the above purposes.

22. For altering and amending the fewal laws nowin force, for enabling The Royal Canal Company to complete a navigable canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the river Shannon.

23. For more eflfectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads from the east end of the town of Chard to the south end of West Moor, and from the west end of the Yeovil turnpike-road through Ilminster to Kenny Gate, and from the west end of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ihtiinster, and ftom White Cross to Chil/ington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catharine Wheel, in the parish of A/bill, in the county of Somerset.

24. For altering and enlarging the powdrs of several aefts passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and thirty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the county of York.

25. To alter and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making, widening, and repairing public Sroads in the county ^Dublin; and for repealing parts of several alls formerly made for that purpose.

26. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several acts, passed in the first and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinbull Fords, and from a stream of water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the county of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the roads from a place called Hurfl Bow in Marmk aforesaid, through a common meadow called Esther-ton Broadmead, and thence through the parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the turnpike-road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through part of the several parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said parish of Lopen; all in the said county of Somerset.

27. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging^ the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the reign of his present

(Local £# Person&Iy to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

prdbat Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Mod-bury through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon*

28. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the feign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads from Tamworth to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the county of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said county, to a turnpike-gate at or near the end of Swarclijfi Lane to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid.

29. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Garrifimm, in the county of Dublin.

30. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several athe one made and passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing9 widening, and keeping in repair the high road leading from the fourteenth mlef one, in the parish of Mothvey, in the county of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llydad y Gwyn, in the

erish of Llandilovawr, and from thence by Cledfulch and over uless Bridge to the town of Llandilovawr, and from the said Uwn along the poji road by Rhiwyradar, through the county of the borough ^Carmarthen and village of Saint Clears, to Tavernspite in the parish of Kiffig, at the borders of the county of Pembroke; the other made and passed in die twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the term and powers of the said act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in repair federal other roads within the said county; for discharging the trustees from the care and management of certain parts of the said roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several other roads within the said county.

31. For making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the north or north-. west end of a certain streer called Lower Water Street, in the eown of Carmarthen, in the county of the borough of Carmarthen, through the village of Conwill Rivet, in the parish of ConwiU Elvet, and through the village of Velindre Shinkin in the parish of Pen-boir, to the town of Newcastle\Emlyn in the parish of Cenarthy and several other roads in the county of Carmarthen.

32. To amend and render more effectual an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, improving, apd maintaining, the publick conducts and other waterworks belonging to the town of Southampton.

33. For enabling the most noble John duke of Atholl and his hews to build a bridge over the river Tay, at or near to the town of Dunkeld in the courky of Perth, and make roads of communi* cation thereunto.

34. For enlarging and altering the powers of, and rendering, more effectual, several acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty*

A TABLE of the STATUTES

eighth years of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the turnpike and other high roads in the county of Edinburgh.

35. For making and maintaining a railway from or from near a place called Pitlake Meadow, in the town of Croydon, to oc near to the town of Reigate, in the county of Surrey, with a collateral branch from the said railway, at or near a place called MerJ1b«tny in the parish of Merjiham, to or near to a place called Godstone Green, in the parish of GodJione9 all in the said county of Surrey.

36. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts passed in the fourteenth and thirty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, for more effectually making and repairing the road from the city of Glasgow to Toker bridge, and the road of communication between the same and the canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

37. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the borough of King's Lynn, in the county of Norfolk, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and beast-markets within more convenient parts of the said borough,

38. For amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the port of Porthdinllaen, in the county of Caernarvon, to or near a place called Caenant, in the

county of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the parish of Bodyean, to the town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the village of Llanyjlymdwy9 and from a place called Cerrig-y-Rbwydwrt to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said county of Caernarvon; and for building a bridge across the river Aberglaflyn in the said counties.

39. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two aft, passed in the second and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from the south end of Sparrow's Herne9 on Bushey Heath, in the county of Hertford9 to the road at Walton, in the county of Buckingham.

40. For veiling part of the settled estates of the right honourable Charles earl of Shrewsbury, in the counties of Salop, Chifter % Berks, Wilts, and Oxford intrustees to be sold, and for laying out the monies to arise by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to th* same uses, and subject to the same restrictions.

41. For enabling the high court of chancery to authorise and empower the surviving devisee in trust, named in the will of Thomas Batty9 heretofore of the parish of Saint George in the East, in the county of Middlesex, gentleman, deceased, to grant building leases of certain ground at or near Church Lane, in the parish of Saint George in the East, in the county of Middlesex, devised to him by the same will; and to fell and pull down an ancient

_messuage, {landing on part of the said ground, and to apply the ponies to arise by such sale upop th? trusts of the said will.

(Local Per final, to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

42. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, ings, meadows, dinted padures, moors, commons, wades, and other uninclosed l^nds and grounds within the town* ship of Stowe, and the hamlets of Sturton and Branjby in the parish of Stowe, in the county of Lincoln.

43. For dividing*, allotting, and inclosing the several com-s mons ar>d waste grounds within the manor of Norton, in the

pari&esW Norton and Dronfield, in the county of Derby.

44. For amending an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and wajle grounds within the township of Oldham, in the parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancader.

45. For dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within thef manor of Eyam, in the county of Derby

46. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common and lammas meadows, commons, and wade landsi within the parish of Oakley, in the county of Bedford

47. To amend, alter, and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the^second year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to maintaining a nightly watch, and lighting and cleansing the dreets, rows, and padages within the city of defier, and for preventing nuisances and annoyances, in the dreets, rows, and padages within the said city, and for regulating and improving the police thereof.

48. To amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty-fird year of the reign of his present Majesty^br building a bridge over the river Ouse, from Selby in the wed riding of the county of York, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Heming* borough in the ead riding of the same county.

49. For building a bridge over the river Derwerit, at or near Loftfome Ferry, from the parish of IVreJfel to the opposite shore In the parish of Hemingborough in the east riding of the county of York,

o» For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-fird year of his present Majesty, for amending the roads from the west end of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth in the county of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the county of Lancaster, and from a place cajled the Two Laws to Kighley, in the said county of York.

51. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-fir A year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the wed riding of the county of York, through Kildwick to Black Lane End in the county palatine of Lancaster.

52. For cpntinuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the second and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford, to Bullock

A TABLE of the STATUTES

hck Smithy in the county of Chester, and from Hslderfloik to Draycott in the Mcors, and from Wetlty Rocks to Toon in the said county of Stafford.

53. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable and wafie lands within the parish of HorncaftU in the county of Lincoln

54. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Pnflon to Lancaster, and from thence to a place called Heiring Sykt; and for maintaining and keeping in repair the road from the guide-post in the township of Slyne with Heft, to a place called Heji Bank in the said township.

55. To amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the improvement of the harbour of Alloa \ for paving, cleansing, and lighting the town of Alloa, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

56. For regulating and converting the statute-labour in the county of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the highways within the said county.

57. For repairing, improving, and preserving the harbour of Dyfarty in the county of Fife*

58. For repealing so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to enable the jujlicts of the peace a fling for the weflem division of the county of Kent, to punhafe a convenient piece of ground far building a gaol far the said county, and far empowering the said justices to apply part of tie county flock of the said division towards the same, as requires that the said gaol shall be repaired exclusively at ths expence of the said western division; and for the better regular tion and payment of the publick expences of the said county.

59. For paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving, the ttreets, passages, and places within the town of Worthing, in the county of Sussex\ for removing and preventing annoyances and obstructions therein, and for establishing an efiective police in the said town.

60. For repealing so much of an act, made in the third year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for cleansing the ports, harbours, and rivers of the city of Cork, and of the town* of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and far ere fling a ballajl-office in the said city, and each of the said towns, as relates to the port and harbour of the town of Sligo 5 and for repealing an act, made in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the streets, quays, lanes, and passages in the town of Sligo in the county of Sligo; for establishing a nightly watch in the said town \ for fapply-ing the said town with pipe-water; and for improving and regulating the port and harbour thereof $ and for making better provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, aid improving of the said town of Sligo; and for regulating the porters and carmen employed therein; and for the better regulation slid improvement of the port an4 harbour thereof,

(Local Personal) to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

61. To akef and amend two acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the First, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, for the preservation of salmon and other fitii in the rivers Teign, Dart, and Plym, in the county of Devon.

62. For the more effectually repairing the parish-church of Dagenham, in the county of Essex.

63. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers Of two acts, passed in the first and twenty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the eastern end of the borough of Grampound in che county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Auftell and Lejkvitbiel, and thence to the east of the Western Taphouse Lam in the said county.

64. For continuing the term* and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in repair the road from the city of Worcester, through Droitwith to Spadefbourne Bridge, within the parish of Bromsgrove in the county of Worcester, and other roads therein mentioned.

65. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading to the town of Okebamfton in the county of Devon.

66. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the road from Whitechapel church in the county of Middlesexto Shenfield % and the furthermost part of the parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the causeway in the parish of Low Layton to the end of the said parish of Woodford, next Chi gw ell, and through the parishes of Chigwell and Lamhourn, in the county of Essex $ and for lighting and watching the said road from Whitechapel church, to the four mile-stones in the Rumford and Woodford roads.

67. For amending, widening, altering, and improving thp road leading from the High Street in the town of Arundel, to the junction of the Pttworth and Pulhorongh roads, and from thence to join the present turnpike-road on Fittleworth Common, in the county of Sussex.

68. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the first and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a road from the north^east side of the Goswell Street road next Islington, and near to the road called The New Road, over the fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the end of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the county of Middlesexm

69. For amending, altering, and keeping in repair the road from the turnpike-road between Burnley and Caine, in the town-ship of Afar/dpi, in the parish of Wballey, in the county palatine

A TABLE of the STATUTES

of Lancaster, to the town of Gijbum, in the west riding of the county of York, and from thence to the turnpike-road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the town or village of Long Preston, in the said county of York.

70. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the present turnpike-road upon Greenhill Moor to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfield turnpike-road, near Stones Middleton to Totlty, all in the county of Derby \ and also for making two new branches from the said roads to Bajlow, in the said county, and to Goose Green near Sheffield in the county of York.

71. To continue the term and enlarge the powers of two atfts passed for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the parish of Thorngumbald to Patrington Creek or Haven, and from the guide-post in Winefield to Frodingham Gate, in or near widow Branton*s farm, in the county of York.

72. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of two a£)s, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond late belonging to Henry Eyre % esquirf, in the parish of JVhtteparish in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dumvood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Rom/ey Infra to Hundred Bridge ini the county of Southampton, and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

73. For the sale of part of the estates of the right honour -able Robert earl of Roden, for the intent and purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other estates in lieu thereof to the same uses.

74. For the more effectually carrying into execution the several adb therein mentioned for the relief of the creditors of certain banks lately kept in the city of Dublin called Burtons* Banks.

75. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several open, common, and mesne fields, moors, meadows, pa ft u res, wastes, and other commonable and uninclosed lands and grounds, within the township or liberty of Great Hucklow, in the parish of Hope, in the county of Derby.

76. For repealing an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the open commons in the manor of Reagill, in the county of Westmor- land, and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said lands and grounds.,

77. For repealing an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, AnaSi for diiriding and inch-sing the open wajles and commons lying in the manor of Sleagill, in the county of Westmorland 5 and for granting other powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said lands and grounds.

78. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common

heaths.

(Local id Per final; to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

J)gallis, marshes, fens, and waste lands within the several pa-rifbes of Somerleyion, Blundefione, and Lound\ in the county of Suffolk.

79. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and com-roon fields, and common pasture, common and waste lands within the township of Middleton in the parish of Middleton % in theeaft riding of the county of York.

80. For dividing and inclosing the several open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Clifford, in the west riding of the county of York.

81. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds within the liberty of Wormbill) in the parish of Tidefiuell, in the county of Derby.

82. For dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving several commons, moors, or wastes within the manor of Alflon) otherwise Alfton Moor and GarragiU in the pariftl of jtlston and county of Cumberland.

83. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures; wastes, and other commonable lands*and grounds within the parish of Castle Bytham in the county of Lincoln.

84. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste lands within the parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kim- bit) and Ellesborough in the county of Buckingham.

85. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, and waste grounds within the parish of Lilstock in the county of SomerfeU

86. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common and waste land, dying within the manors of Hartshill and Anfley^ in the parishes of Mancetter and Anjley in the county of Warwick.

87. For the further improvement of the harbours of the town of Greenock, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

88. For repairing, enlarging, and improving, the pier and quay within the port or harbour of Torquay in the county of Devon.

89. For repealing so much of an act passed in the forty-first year of his present Majesty, for building a pier at Sheecness. in the isle of Sheppy, In the county of Kent, and for other purposes, as authorises the taking or carrying away any gravel, stones, ballast, sand, ' or other materials from the sea-beach, belonging to William AlJlony lord of the manor of Minster in the said isle of Sheppy, without paying any thing for the same.

90. For paving, lighting, watching, and improving the town

of Bradford^ and part of the hamlet of Little Horton adjoining -thereto, in the county of York, and for removing and preventing all nuisances the/ein.

91. To establish a chapel of ease at Brightbelmjionm the county of Sussex.

92. For amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair the road leading from the London turnpike-road near the

foyth

A TABLE of the STATUTES

south or upper end of Harwell town in the partfh of Harwell, in the county of Berks* to the turnpike-road near the village of Street ley, in the said county.

93. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the roads from the city of Chester, to the Woodftde Ferry in the county of dester, and other roads therein mentioned.

94. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts passed in the ninth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads from the end of the county of Stafford, through Nantwich, to the city of dester, so far as the said acts relate to the first district of roads.

95. For further continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy in the parish of Davidstow in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge, and from the west end of Wadebridge into and through the borough of Aftichell in the said county.

96. For making and repairing the road from Greenock to Kelley Bridge in the county of Renfrew, and a road branching out of the same to AiUy Miln, in the same county.

97. For veiling the manor and estate of Rateuffi upon Wreke in the county of Leiufter (part of the settled estates of Robert earl Ferrers), in a trustee to be sold, and for applying the purchase-money in discharge of an incumbrance affecting the whole of the said settled estates.

98. To confirm a lease granted by the trustees of a power in a settlement, made by the right honourable Charles late lord Southampton, deceased, and Ann lady Southampton, to the governor and company of the New River, and for other purposes*

99. For effecting certain exchanges between the right honourable William viscount Lowther, and the respective devisees under the wills of sir William Lowther, baronet, and the right honourable James late earl of Lonfdak.

100. For veiling part of the settled estates of Richard Langley esquire, in trustees to be sold, subject to the approbation of the court of chancery, and for applying part of the purchase-monies in paying off incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the es-pences of improvements already made, and alfs in reimbursing to him the expences of future improvements, when the amount shall have been ascertained, under the direction of the said court, and for laying out the residue of the purchase-monies, under the direction of that court, in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the former uses.

101. For dividing and inclosing the common fields, common ings, commons, and waste grounds within the manor of Allerton Bywater in the parish of Kipp*, in the west riding of the county of York.

(Local h? Perfokal, to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

102. For inclosing the commonable land! within the manor and town ship of Potter Newton cum Gibton in the parish of Leeds^ in the west riding of the county of York.

103. For dividing and inclosing the commons and waste hinds, within the several parishes of Penrith, Edenhall, Salkeld other wise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Hejkett, Wether a Jy Hutton, and Newton, the town ship of Middlefieugk, and Braithwaite, in the parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the townships of Raugbton and Gakfgill, and Ivegill in the parish of Dayton in the honour of Penrith, and the forest of Inglewood, or in one of them, in the county of Cumberland.

1044 For inclosing lands in the townships of Kirk Ireton, in the partfh of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the parish of Wirkf* Worth in the county of Derby.

105* For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several com* tnons and waste lands in the township of Hatton, in the parish of Runcorn, in the county palatine of Che/ler.

106. To extend the provisions of two acts, passed in th* thirty-ninth and fortieth, and in the forty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the use of borfc-hides in making boots and shoes, and preventing the damaging of raw-hides and skins in the flaying thereof, to, and to alter and amend the same as to, the cities of London and Wtjlmiryier, and borough of Southwark, and liberties thereof, and all places within fifteen miles of the Royal-Exchange of the said city of London.

107. For raising and feottring a fund for making provision for the widows of the writers of his Majesty's signet in Scotland

ro8. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Dorfit and Somerset canal navigation to raise a further sum of money towards completing the said canal, and for altering and amend* ing an act, passe^n the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, far making and maintaining the bid navigation.

109. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, ^afled for amending and widening the road leading from the post-road near the town of Faversham, to the town and poet of Hytbo, and frdm Bacon's Water to Holy Lana, in Wincfeap, near the city of Canterbury in the county of Kent.

110 % /For continuing the term, amd consolidating into one ad, federal acts relating to the road from Glasgow to Redhuru Bridgj, and for making and repairing the road therein mentioned.

in. For more effectually amending, widening, improving, and kee|sing in repair, the road leading (rom the town of KingsletH otpcyt-Thames in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet* bridge, near PetersfieU, in the county of Southampton;

fi 12. For enlarging the term, and altering the powers of two ac^s, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George tht Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Bury in the county of / Huntingdon,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Huntingdon, to a house called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton in the county of Bedford

113. For enabling trustees therein-named to concur, on the part of the devisees in the will of Mary Foord, late of Stockton in the county of York, widow, one of the three fitters and c6-heiresses of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, esquire, and serjeant-at-law, with the other persons interested in making a partition, by and with the consent and approbation of the court of chancery, of the freehold and copyhold estates of the said John Agar.

114. For effecting the sale of the mansion house and grounds late of John Cornwall, esquire, deceased, situate in the parish of Hendon, in the county of Middlesex, and for inverting the purchase-money, under the direction of the court of chancery, in another estate to be settled to the same uses.

115. For inclosing lands in the township of Whitwick, and townships or liberties of Tbringstone and Pegg*s Green, in the parish of Whitwick, in the county of Leicester.

116. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons, modes, and waste grounds, within the parirti of Heversham, in

the county of Westmorland.

117. For erecting a new church to be called Christ Church, in the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and for providing a maintenance and residence for the minirter or perpetual curate thereof.

118. For amending an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain tracts of land called Wildmore Fen, and the west and east fens, in the county of Lincoln, and other low lands and grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

119. For inclosing lands within the manor and township of Ellandcum Greetland, in the parish of Halifax, and west riding of the county of York.

120. For inclosing lands in the parishes of Saint Nicholas and

Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Eoflgate, Saint Mary le Wigford, Saint Martin and Saint Swithen, in the city of Lincoln, and in that part of the parish of Saint Margaret^\which lies within the said city, and for setting out and appropriating certain lands within the said city, as a common pafturev for the purposes therein mentioned*.

121. For explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of

an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his jbrefent Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the inhabitants oft Port Glasgow and Newark with water, to paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said towns; and to repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a J^evy court-house and prison, and other necessary publick buildings in the said towns* j

122. For more effectually repairing and improving the several roads leading to and from the city of Exeter, and for keeping in repair Ext Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge,

(Local id Personal, to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. III.

123. For inclosing and improving a certain trad of common or waste land, called Beam Heath, in the township of Alvajlgn, in the parish of NaMwichy in the county palatine of Chester.

124. To authorise the advancement of further sums of money out of the consolidated fund, to be applied in the improvement of the port of London, by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council assembled; and to empower the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to purchase the legal quays between London bridge and the tower of London.

125/ For regulating the markets within the town of Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for improving the streets and other places within the said town.

126. For the further improvement of the port of London by making docks and other works at BlackwalU for the accommodation of the East India shipping in the said port.

127. For amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the walls of the river Anna Liffey % in the city of Dub liny and also for empowering the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, to build and re* pair bridges over the said river, within certain limits.

128. For the improvement of the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford, and for rebuilding the bridge over the river Ouzey in the said town.

129. For extending and making the horse towing path or road on the banks of the river Severn, from Bewdley Bridge in the county of Worcester, to* the deep water at Diglhy below the city of Worcester.

130. For making and maintaining a. navigable canal from and out of the river Tamary at or near Morwellham uay, to the town of Tavtftoci; and also a certain'collateral cut to lead from the said canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the county of Devon.

131. For building a bridge over the river RavenJbornet at or

near its mouth or outlet into the river Thames, in the county of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper approaches thereto.'s

132. For enlarging and altering the term and powers of fe-versd acts of parliament, for, making a road from New Street9 Southwark, to the places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dock Head and Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bernmdjey, and from the (tone's end in Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford, so far as respects the road leading from the (tone's etujjn Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas-a-Waterings \ and aiib^for repairing and maintaining a certain lane, called Long Lane % in the pan(h of Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey.

133. For repairing, altering, and widening the road from a lane called Back Lane, in the parish of Scarthoy to Hollowgate Head) in the parish of Louth in the county of Lincoln.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

134. For establishing a free market in the city of London for the tale of coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all coals brought into the port of London> within certain places therein mentioned.

135. For veiling the defeended estates of the most honourable Wills late marquis of Downjhirty and Arthur late marquis of Downshire, respectively deceased, in trustees, in trust, to he disposed of under the directions of the high court of chancery, for the payment Of their respective debts.

136. For appointing new trustees for the purposes of certain settlements made upon and after the marriage of the right honourable Henry lord St aw ell with Mary Curzon^ spinster, now the right honourable Mary lady Stawell, and for other purposes.

137. For veiling certain freehold and leasehold parcels of land and materials of building, fttuate in the town of Liverpool, deviled by the will of the late James France, esquire, with their appurtenances, in certain trustees, upon trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of othe* estates, to be settled to like uses.

138. For inclosing lands within the manor and town ship of BatJey, in the west riding of the county of York.

139. To enlarge the powers of, and explain and amend an act made in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for forming, paving, cleansing, light* ingy watchings waterings and otherwise improving and keeping in repair the streets % squares, end other publish pajffages and places, which are, and shall be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground in the parifl) of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the right honourable Ann dowager baroness Southampton; and for including therein certain other ftnall plots of ground in the said parish therein-described.

140. For improving and rendering more commodious the port and harbour of Bristol

141. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Leomin-Jler canal to raise money to discharge their debts, and to complete the canal, and for explaining and amending the acts for making and maintaining the said canal, and for granting to the fitki company further and other powers.

142. To enable his Majesty to grant letters-patent for estab-lifting a theatre, under certain restrictions, in the cky of Glasgow.

143. For altering and enlarging some of the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish, and for making an additional cemetery or church-yard \ and for raifrng a further sum of money for completing the said church and other works

(Local y Per final, not printed) 43 GEO. III.

144. For inclosing lands in the parish of Beverstone, in the county of Ghmcester.

145. For inclosing lands in the manor, rectory, or rectory-iBsmor and town ship of Dewfiury, in the west riding of the cotjaty of York.

146. For inclosing lands within the fields, liberties, and precincfts of Wroxton and Ralscot, in the parish of Wroxton % in the county of Oxford.

147. For repealing so much of an act passed in the fourth vear of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the light-.log the streets and places within the borough and soke of Doncaster, in the county of York\ and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said borough, and for preventing nuisances therein.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I. AN act For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Widmerpool, in the county of Nottingham\

2. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing two certain pieces or parcels of land or ground, called or known by the several names of The Pasture and Doggers Furze, situate in the parish of Olney fin the county of Buckingham.

3. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places; within the parish of Gumuester otherwise Godmanchester^ in the county of Huntingdon.

4. An act for naturalizing Francis Theodore Plantamour.

5. An act for naturalizing Charles Bellock

6. An act for naturalizing Isaac tiofch.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the heaths, plains, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Bucklesham and Foxhall, in the county of Suffolk.

8. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common arable lands or fields, in the parish of North Perrott> in the county of Somerset.

9. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, pastures, wastes, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Market Orton, otherwise Market Overton, in the county of Rutland, and for extinguishing the tythes within the same parish.

10. An act for dividing and allotting a certain common meadow, called Petherton Broadmead, situate in the parish of South Petherton, in the county of Somerset.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

11. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and otherwise improving the waste and commonable land within the parish of Northaw, in the county of Hertford.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the moors, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Dal/ions in the county of Cumberland.

13. An act for naturalizing John Lewis Greffulhe.

14. An act for naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand Schutze

15. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Lewis Be land.

16. An act for naturalizing John Henry Lutterloh-

17. An act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole du Pre de Saint Maur Northy his wife.

18. An act for naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Hellmers.

19. An act for naturalizing George Fredetick ChristianJSeiden-Jliiker.

20. An act for naturalizing George Philip Kauffmann.

21. An act for naturalizing John Rudolph Bourard.

22. An act for naturalizing Henry Fa gel and William Henry James Fagel.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields in the parish of RuJlington, in the county of Sussex.

24. An act to enable William Robertson esquire, of Ladykirky to exchange the lands of Bandeath, Hillhouse Field, and kirklands of Bolton, lying respectively in the counties of Stirlings Mid Lothian, and Eoft Lothian, held by him under certain conditions, provisions, and limitations contained in a disposition of

-the said lands made by his grandfather for the lands of Ramrig and Greenfidey belonging to him in fee-simple, and lying in the county of Berwick.

25. An act for vesting part of the estates settled upon the marriage of John Goker esquire, with the honourable Charlotte fifqrsham, in the said John Coker in fee-simple, and for settling other estates of greater value in lieu thereof, and to the same uses.

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common and waste lands in the parish of East Stowery otherwise Slower East Slowery in the county of Dorset.

27. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a piece or parcel of open and uninclosed wood-land, called Hartley Bank; and also the several commons, moors, and waste grounds within the manor of Shelley, in the parish of Kirkburton, in the west riding of the county of York.

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, fen-wastes, and other commonable lands, within the parishes of Rippingale and Kirkby Underwood, in the county of Lincoln.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open

common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Tollerton in the county of Nottingham.

(Local & Personaly not printed) 43 GEO. III.

30. An act to alter and amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An ctf for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, common meadowy commons, and wajle lands, within the parish of Houghton Regis, in the county of Bedford $ and to give powers for the making and completing of certain roads set out by the of acting under and by virtue of the said act.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds in the township of burton otherwise Burton upon Stather'yixA in the hamlets of Slather y Darby, Thealby, and Coleby within the parishes of Burton and West Haltony in the wapentake of Manley, in the county of Lincoln, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed lands in the same township and hamlets.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields and meadows* commonable and intermixed lands and grounds, within the parish of Stavertony with the chapelry of Bod-dington annexed, in the county of Gloucester*

33. An act for naturalizing Valentine Close.

34. An act for dividing, allotting, laying in several ty, and inclosing the open fields, Common meadows, common pastures, downs, and other commonable lands and waste ground, in Blew-herry, in the county of Berks.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, ings, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of TVeji RafeUy in the county of Lincoln.

36. An act for naturalizing Christiari Sanders.

37. An act for vetting, subject to the approbation of the high Court of chancery, the estate settled to the use of George Jackson and Elizabeth his wife, and the survivor of them, during the ir, lives, and the life of the survivor, with divers remainders over, in George Benn and his heirs, in trust, for the said George Jackson and his heirs, and for substituting other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof/

38. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Sibfony in the county of*Leicester.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common meadows and pastures, commons, and waste lands, in the parish of Send and Ripley, in the county of Surrey.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a moor or common, and other waste lands, situate within the manor of Beamtjh otherwise Beamish Park, in the parish of Chtfier-le-Street y and county of Durham.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain stinted pasture, called The Cow Closey in the township of Bar-nin^ham, in the north riding of the county of York.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several open arable fields, open meadow, common pastures, moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the several townships of Dunham and Ragnally and within the parish, manor, and soke of Dunham, in the county of Nottingham.

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, commons, and waste grounds within the parish of HarroWy in the county of Middlesex.

44. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons* and open and common fields, and other commonable lands and places, within that part of the parish of Chickerill otherwise Wejk Chickerilly which lies within the tything of West Chickerilly in the county of Dorset.

45. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, and inclosing the open and common arable lands, common meadiow, common pasture, common down, waste and other commonable lands and grounds, within the township of Chipping Lamborne, in the parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the county of Berks; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain common, called Kings Heath, within the tithing of Blagrave, in the parish of Chipping Lamhorne aforesaid#

46. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common) and commonable lands, within the parish of Boultbam otherwise? Boltham % in the county of Lincoln

47. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons, and waste lands and grounds, within the manor and parish or Hanflop otherwise HanJlopey in the county of Buckingham.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Milton Erness, in the county of Bedford.

49. An act for naturalizing William Benjamin Samuel Charrierc de Severy.

50. An act for naturalizing Lawrence Gall

51. An act for naturalizing Morice de longb.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within, the parish and liberties of Bradden % in the county of Northampton.

53. An act for altering and amending the powers of an act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commons, marjhesy heathsx Wofies, and commonable woodsx lands y andgrouns, within the parijk

Croydon, in the county of Surrey,

54. An act for confirming and establishing the division, all lotment, and inclosure, of certain commons called Freezing Hilt and Nimletty and also of a piece of open pasture land, part of the said common called Freezing Hilly lying in the parish of Cold Ashton, in the county of Gloucester.

55. An act for vesting, subject to the approbation of the high ourt of chancery, certain messuages, farms, lands, and hereditaments,

(Local £5? Personal, not printed) 43 GEO. III.

taments, situate in the parishes of Great Hale, otherwise 'Great Had otherwise Great Hole, and Little Hale, in the county of Lincoln, part of the settled estates of the honourable Lewis £>y-moke, in trustees, upon trust to fell, and for laying out the monies arising from such sale in the purchase of more convenient estates* to be settled to the same uses as the lands fq to be fpld.

56. An act for vesting in new trustees the lands, tenements* and hereditaments, in the counties of Cork, Westmeath, and it* the King's County in Ireland\ formerjy the estate of George Step-ney esquire, deceased, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of an a# of parliament passed by the parliament of Ireland, in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An altfor vejling lands > tenements, and hereditaments situate in the counties of Limerick, Cork, Westmeath, end in the King's County, the estate of George Stepney esquire, in trustees, in order that the same, or a competent part thereof may be sold for the payment of debts and incumbrances offering the same.

57. An act for vesting part of the estates deviled by the will of Christopher late lord bishop of Bristol, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other estates to be settled to the same uses.

58. An act for effectuating an exchange, subject to the approbation of the high court of chancery, of certain estates situate in the counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the trustees of the estates of the hospital of Gilbert earl of Shrewsbury, long fioce ^lecealed, situate at Sheffield, in the county of York, and George Benson Strutt, esquire.

59. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a common or wane, called The Froxfield Barnett, and, other waste and commonable lands, in the parish of Froxfield, in the county of Southampton.

60. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Walton, in the parish of Chesterfield, in the county of Derby.

61. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers lands, lying in the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable places, within the manor and pariui of Rujball, in the county of Wilts.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons*

commonable w6od grounds, and waste lands, within the parish of Jtfiafton, in the county of Norfolk.'

63. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons or wastes, and other commonable lands, within the manor and township of Shadwellx in the parish of Thorner, and west riding of the county of York,

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, moors, aq4 other com-

movable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Kirkby cum Ofgodby, in the county of Lincoln.

65. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and common or waste land, within the

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

parish and liberties of Burton Lattimer, in the county of Northampton.

66. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the downs, commons, commonable and waste lands, within the manors of Edmondsham and Wftworth, within the parish of Edmondsham, in the county of Dorset.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and incIoGng a common called the Nythe otherwise the Nytben Common, in the parish of Old Alresford., in the county of Southampton,

68. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds, and all other the open and uninclosed lands and grounds within the parish of WorkJ'opy in the county of Nottingham.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several open fields, commonable meadow and parture-grounds, and certain of the commons and wade lands, within the parishes of Whitwell and Hackford, in the county of Norfolk.

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, commons, moors, and wastes, within the townships of Wilton, Lazenby, Lackenby, and West Coatham % in the north riding of the county of York.

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Hemsworth, in the west riding of the county of York.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands and* waste grounds, within the parish of Little Comberton, in the county of Worcester.

73. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, waste and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Spetifbury, in the county of Dorset.

74. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a common or moor called Yeadon Moor, and other waste grounds, within the manor and township of Yeadon, in the parish of Guiseley, in the west riding of the county of York.

75. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the open and common fields, downs, and commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Upton Scudamore otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County of Wilts.

76. An act to dissolve the marriage of the reverend George Markham dean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

77. An act for vesting detached parts of the estates devised by the will of Mistress Melior Mary Weston, in trustees, upon trust, to sell the same, and to lay out a competent part of the money arising by such sale in the discharge of certain incumbrances, ancf the residue in the purchase of other ettates, to be settled to the like ijfes.

78. An act for settling and securing the lands of Cralgencate, and

(Local 6? Personal, not printed) 43, GEO. III.

others, commonly called The Blair Adam Estate, and also the lands of Dischandad or Diciendad, and others, ly-ing in the counties of Kinross and Fife, to and in favour of William Adam of Blair Adam, esquire, and the same series of heirs m fee tail, and under the same conditions and limitations as are contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn, of Woodjloun, deseated, of his real estates, and in disposition of the same date, of his personal estate; and for vesting in the aforesaid William Adam, and his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, the lands of Hall Woodfloun, Hillend, Fisherhills, and others, lying in the county of Kincardine; and aho the balance or residue of the personal estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn

79. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, downs, and other waste grounds, within the manor and township or district of Kilmiston, in the county of Southampton

80. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the lammas meadows, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ixworth, in the county of Suffolk, and the open and common fields, heaths, greens, or commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Thurston, in the same county.

81. An act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, within the parish of Sutton upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

82. An act for confirming and establishing the division, allotment, and inclosure of certain open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, and bid indofed lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Kinwarton, in the county of Warwick, and for making compensation to the Rector of Kinwarton, in lieu of the tythes thereof.

83. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Saleby with Thorefhorpe, in the county of Lincoln.

84. An act for dividing, allotting, laying in several ty, and inclosing the open and common arable lands, meadow, pasture, waste, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the hamlet of East Hanney, in the parish of West Hanney, in the county of Berks.

85. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Keyfie, in the county of Bedford.

86. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Lancing, in the county of Sussex.

87. An act for amending an act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the moor or common open fields, Jiinted pastures, and other commonable lands, within the township of Mickletony and parish of Romaldkirk, in the north riding of the county of York; and for making compensation for the tythes, and all payments

lieu of tythes, within the said township of Mkkkton.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

88. An act for inclosing lands in the hamlets of Werrington and Walton, in the parish of Pofton* and county of Northampton.

89. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the opera fields, pastures, cars, and other*uninclosed grounds, within the townships of Ganton and Potter Brompton, in the parish of Ganion9 and the township of Binfmgton, in the parish of WUkrby, in the east riding of the county of York.

90. An act for inclosing lands within the several townships of Wetwang and Fimber, in the parish of Wetwang, in the cast riding of the county of York.

91. An act for naturalizing Balfar Boehler.

92. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, and heredita* tnents in the county of Kent and city of Canterbury, part of tho settled estates of Sir Edward Hales baronet, in trustees, in trpft, to fell under the directions of the high court of chancery, and to apply the money arising thereby in discharge of certain incumbrancer affecting the said settled estates, and in reducing and repairing the mansion-house called Hales Ploce % being part of the said settled estates, and to lay out the ultimate surplus of the monies produced by such sale in the purchase of other hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the remaining part of the said settled estates.

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fieldst meadows, and pastures, within the township of BraJJington otherwise Brajfony and the commons and waste grounds, called Brafm ftngton, otherwise Brajfon Common, in the parish of Bradhmrne, in the county of Derby.

94. An act for inclosing that part of the common called Tbs Pease Marfa which lies within the manor of Lofeley, in the parishes of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford and Shalford, and within the manor of Polsted, in the parish of Compton, in the county of Surrey.

95. An act for inclosing lands in the precincts of the manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence \ and also in so much of the manor of Hall^ as lies within the parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence in the county of Berks.

96. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Alderbury, in the county of Wilts.

97. An act for naturalizing Louis Bourillion.

98. An act for naturalizing Matthew Tinne,

99. An act for inclosing the commons within the manors of Godalming and Cattjhull, in the parishes of Godalming, Chidding+ fold, and Compton, in the county of Surrey.

IOQ. An act to dissolve the marriage of Edward James Foots esquire, with Nina Herriesy his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

|Oi. An act for inclosing lands in the parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackrell, in the county of Somerset.

102. An act for inclosing commons in the township of Little Ormftde, in the county of Westmorland.

103. An act for inclosing lands in the manor and tything of

Sutlon

V

(hoed md P&rjbnal, not primed) 4$ GEO. III.

Sutton* next Wvkting* in the parish of Wokeing, in the county of Surrey.

104. An act for enabling the keeper* anti governors of the pbfifefftons, revenues* and goods of the free gratnftaNschool of John Lyon, within the town of Harrow on the HiU, in the bounty of MtddhftXy to grant building leases of certain of the ground* and estates of the said John Lyon.

105. An act for indofitrg land* in the manor and towtiship of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the parish of Barmby-Hpan^Dunny in the west riding Of the ctounty Of York.

106. An act for mdofing land* in the township of Wantages and in the hamlet of Grove* in the parish of Wantage, in the county of Berks.

107. An act for naturalizing Isaac Mendes Chumafero.

108. An act for indoiing hind* in the parish of Great Addington, itt the county of Northampton.

109. An act for riatufalifc'ing Ghri/loph Lebicht Quelle.

110. An act for confirming and establishvng an exchange between the right honourable Hugh Seymour Conway deceased. Commonly called Lord Hugh Seymours and John Galdsmith, William Horn, Betty Gay, John FoJlery Francis Foster, and George tyieK discharged as to the land* conveyed to the use of the said lord Hugh Seymour, in exchange of all the limitations and estate* created by the will of Thomas Land gentleman, deceased; and for vesting in the right honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl of Euston, the right honourable George Seymour, commonly called Lord George Seymour, and Thomas Asheion Smith esquire, their heirs and assigns, upon the trusts declared thereof by a certain indenture of release, all the pieces or parcels of land and hereditaments, which were conveyed to and to the use of the said lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said exchange.

111. An act for enabling the trustees of the settled estates late of John Aldridge esquire, deceased, in the county of Sussex, to carry into execution a contract entered into with Charles George Beauclerk esquire, for the sale of part thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

112. An act for effectuating an exchange of lands belonging to the trustees of the charity of fir Henry Marten knight, and Henry Marten esquire, for lands belonging to Edward Loveden Loveden esquire.

113. An act for settling a certain farm and lands in the parish of Llandowj in the county of Glamorgan, whereof George Wynch esquire is seised in fee simple, in lieu of and exchange for a certain farm and lands at Great Gonerby and Manthorpe in the county of Lincoln, being the settled estate of the said George Wynch and Mary his wife.

114. An act for effecting the sale of an unsettled copyhold estate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann infants, and to John Wray esquire, John Sea gentleman, and Molly Wray his wife, in undivided shares in fee simple, and for investing the purchase-monies of the infants' share* in other real

TABLE of the STATUTES, 43 Geo. III.

estates, to be conveyed to, the infants in fee simple, in lieu of such shares.

115. An act for vesting in the honourable William Gordon, assignee of Dudley North esquire, a leasehold messuage, situate in Piccadilly in the county of Middlesex> with part of the fixtures and furniture settled therewith, by a codicil to the will of 'Elizabeth Cavendish widow, and for settling part of the estates of the said Dudley North in the county of Suffolk, in lieu of and in exchange for the same.

116. An Act for establishing and confirming exchanges made between John Vancouver esquire, and the reverend Joseph Gunning vicar of Sutton in the county of Suffolk, and Mary Brand widow, and John Brand esquire deceased, of certain lands in the parish of Sutton in that county.

117. An act for inclosing lands in the manors and parishes of Chedworth and Compton Abdale in the county of Gloucester.

118. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Fenditton, irr the county of Cambridge.

119. An Act for inclosing lands in Northnewton, otherwise Northnewington, in the parish of Broughton in the county of Offord.

120. An act for inclosing lands in the parishes of Worplefdon and Wanborow, and in the manor of Wanborow, in the parishes of Ash and Puttenbam in the county of Surrey.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, quadragesmo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno

Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our-Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Thirds by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith j being the First Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An act for further fuss endings until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next fejfem of parliament, the operation of two arts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty^for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

[December 17, 1802.]

WHEREAS two acts passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth

years of the reign of his present Majesty, to refirain the negotiation of promissory notes under five pounds made and negotiated in c. 3©.*England, have been, by several subsequent acts of the thirty seventh, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, suspended until and upon the thirtieth day of November one thousand eight hundred and two9so far as the same relate to any notes, drafts, or undertakings made payable on demand to the bearer thereof: and whereas it is expedient further to fefpend the fetid alls of the fifteenth and seventeenth year syfo far as the same t elate to such notes which shall be made for sums of one pound and one shilling and of one pound each\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

a Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i. [1802.

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

Recited a£U assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said of «S &7 recited acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign (training*" of his present Majesty, so far asf the same relate to the making

negotiation of void of promissory notes, or other notes, made payable on denotes of a cer-mand to the bearer thereof for sums of'one pound and one tain deferip- shilling and of one pound each, and also so far as the same re-suspended.Cr ftfain the publishing or uttering and negotiating of any such promissory notes or other notes as last aforesaid, shall from and after the said thirtieth day of November one thousand eight hundred and two, be, and the same are hereby declared to be, further suspended until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

Act may be And jt further enacted, That this act may be altered,

regaled this var*e^» or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this present session. session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for the more fieedy and effectual enrolment of the militia of ] Ireland j and fir filling up vacancies therein.

[December 17, 1802.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient that the militia in Ireland should be forthwith enrolled: and whereas the mode of raising men by ballot bath not been generally adopted in Ireland, and it might therefore be attended with inconvenience to proceed by that mode only for the purposes aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's mol) excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Ueutenant Parhamcn* assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it irfaylffuc or- anc* may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief dersforen- governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, at any rolling volun- time within four months after the passing of this act, to issue his tCihtia! and ori*ers to or anV several colonels and other commanding

may require offers of the respective regiments of inilitia in Ireland, requiring the treasury him or them, without delay, to proceed to enrol a certain number to issue money of volunteers, not exceeding in any case the present complements nel^&c^of several establishments of their respective regiments; and,

the militia, for ^at purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, not exceeding or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time two guineas being, to issue his orders to the lords of of the enrolled ma° treasury Irelat*dy requiring them to advance, from time to time, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of forty thousand pounds, as the said lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, may by such order direct, and to pay to the several colonels, or other commanding officer or officers of the different regiments of militia in Ireland, such sum or sums of money, not exceeding the rate of two guineas, for every private man that may be so enrolled,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III.

II. And be it further eni&ed, That, upon such order Being Upon issuing issued as aforesaid, the said several colonel$, or other schm-inancfing officer or officers of the said regiments, shall infittte-fhjdinpro-diately proceed to enlist and enrol, within their respective ceed to enlist county or county of a city, such volunteers, being able-bodied and enrol vp-, men, usually resident within such respective counties, and being not less than five feet and four inches in height, and not more^ounty-^o* than forty-five years of age, as can be procured, giving to each ney. man* by way of bounty, any sum not exceeding the sum of two guineas per maq, one guinea' thereof to be paid to every fu'ch volunteer at the time of his enrolling himself in any such regiment of militia, and the'remaining guinea to be paid to every such volunteer on his first appearance at the time and place to be appointed for the afleiqbling or exercising of the regiment iri which such volunteer shall be enrolled; which sum; of two guineas the said colonels or officers are hereby authorised to advance and pay to such volunteers in manner aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall No more than not be lawful to or for any colonel or other commanding officer Or officers of any regiment of militia, or to of for any other an/vo-person or persons Whatsoever, on his or their behalf, to advance lunteer. or give, or to engage to advance of give, any greater or larger sum of money than the said sum of two guineas, or to give, or promise or undertake to give, any other iargefs, bounty or

reward, than the said sum of two guineas, for the purpose'of inducing any man to enrol himself as a volunteer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several colpnelr. Colonels, ka or other commanding officer or officers, shall keep, or cause to to transmit be kept, true and regular entries of the names, additions, places certified oo-of felidente, parish, and other descriptions of the persons they entries of the shall enrol as aforesaid, and the several sums they shall advance names, &c. of and pay to such persons respectively, and shall transmit regular the men en-copies of such entries, certified by them respectively, as well as to the by the adjutant and paymaster or clerk of the regiment, battalion,

or corps respectively, to the office of the chief secretary of the lord.lieute-said lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors as nant. aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every man so enrolled Men enrolled shall take and subscribe the following oath in the presence of to take the some one governor, deputy governor, justice of the peace, or path follow-magistrate acting in and for the county, city, or place, to lD^" which the regiment, battalion or corps, in which he shall be enrolled, shall belong:

T B. do sincerely promise and (wear, That I will befaithfirl

X and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, for the defence Of the same, "during the term of five years for which I am enrolled, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if

£2 within

4l Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2. [180 %

within the space of five years his Majesty shall order and direct the militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless J shall be sooner discharged.

So help me GOD.

llecTand*VI. And be it further enacted, That every person so enrolled sworn to be and fwprn shall be deemed and taken to be a militia man, and subject to the shall be liable to be called out, and to serve as such, and shall ro'ljti* l^8 be fabject to the several laws respecting the militia of Ireland^ to of Ire and; ntpnts an() whatsoever.

The chief fe*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said chief secretary

creUry to shall fcause copies of the returns of the men thu$ enrolled, and

ofrrtum^of ^ums advanced to such men respectively, to be transmitted to

the n«n en- the several and respective treasurers for the several counties and

rolied, and counties of cities in Ireland^ ten days at lead previous to the then

sums ad- next ensuing general assizes after such expenditure; or if to

transaiitted to^treasurer of the county and city of Dublin, within^ fourteen

the county- days previous to each presenting term; and the said several

treasurers, treasurers shall and they are hereby respectively required to lay

efauie^bc^ returns before the judges of assize, on the commission

fore the judges^assizes, or, n the county and city of Dublin, before the

of affi/i, &c, court of king's bench, on the first day of such term, lind

before the respective<grand juries for such counties or counties of

cities shall be sworn; and the said judges, or the said court, as

the case'may be, shall and they are hereby required to give the

ftme, except as herein-aftet excepted, in charge to the said

may be raised grand juries, in order that the sums thus expended may be

offthecoun* prgfented and raised off the said counties or counties of cities }

which said presentments the said respective grand juries are

fOTcby respectively authorised and required to make, pnless the

account of the sum thus to be raised shall appear to the said

respective grand juries too large to be raised at one assizes within the respective counties or counties of cities; in which case it

shall and may be lawful for the said several grand juries, by and

with the concurrence of the judges at the said assizes, or the said court, to present any part of such sum, not less than one

moiety thereof, at such assizes or terms; and the residue shall in

like manner be given in charge, and presented by the grand jury

of such county or county of a city, or grand juries of such

respective counties or counties of cities, as the case may be, at

iur neekft next en^u'nS azes»and in case the grand jury of any

to present the^ounty or county of a city shall, after the judges of the court

charge, the shall have given the same in charge to them, omit, neglect,

judges of af- or refuse to present the same, then and in every such case it

di^Uhetrea^ be ^or the ^d judges of assize, or the court, to

furerto return'*der and direct the treasurer of such county or county of a city

the same to include the whole of such sum, and return the same

among the among the presentments of the county, so that the same shall be raised and levied forthwith; and it shall not be lawful to of the county. r c, r 9

' traverse any such presentment.

No money

VIII. And whereat it is just and equitable that no charge shall be

to be given in charge to the grand juries, that the money may be raif off the coun* ties.

shall be raised

13o2.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. cm.

be made on any county or place for the purpose of providing asubstitute for providing or militia man, in the place of any man who has been discharged, and whose time of service for which he was legally bound to serve would betri not be'expired previous to the ent oiling of any- man under this act; be discharged, it therefore enabled. That in all such cases no money shall be apd whole fer-presented or raised for providing any man or men in the room h^ve^eif °0t of such person or persons so as aforesaid discharged. expired pre-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several treasurers of vious to en-

the respective counties and counties of cities as aforesaid shall rolling men collect and receive the said several Aims, and pay the same to und«r this act the collector of his Majesty's revenue for such county or county T, i?a![?rlr to of a city, or in case any county shall be divided into two or money, 1 and more difiridts, with two or more collectors, then to the col- pay the same ledtor of that part of such county in which the county town is to the col-situate; and every such collector shall and he is hereby required his

' to give a receipt for all sums of money that Orall be so paid to ve^ue of the him as aforesaid; and such receipt shall be lodged among the county, whose records of such county, and shall be a discharge and acquittance receipt shall to such county for all such men as shall be so raised for the time* ai1 acquit* for which they shall be enrolled to serve as aforesaid; unless coumy^or6 vacancies shall occur by death or desertion, in which case it the men for shall, and may be lawful for the said several colonels or other the time en-commanding officers to procure and enrol, from time to time1, rollcd5 but volunteers to fill any vacancies that may happen by such death death^de* or desertion, and pay to such volunteer a sum not exceeding two fertion maybe gdineas for each man, out of the stock purse of the said re» filledupbythe giment; and the several grand jurfes, at the respective ehfuing colonels, who assizes, shall, on the certificate of fuel} colonel or other commanding officer, dating the death or desertion of such man or each man, men, in like manner present the said sum or sums of money to which the reimburse the said colonel or other commanding officer. grand juries

X. And be it further enacted, That any Aidh volunteer

enrolled for the purpose of supplying vacancies as aforesaid, shall to reimburse respectively take and subscribe the oath herein-before directed to the colonel, be taken by volunteers to be enrolled by virtue of this act, and Volunteers in manner h^rein-bqforc expressed; and every such volunteer, enrolled to after having taken and subscribed such oath as aforesa^ shall be ^PPty vacan-deemed and taken to be a militia man, and shall be liable to be shall

Called out and to serve as such, and shall be subject to the be subject to several laws respecting the militia of Ireland^ to all intents and themiliflalaws purposes whatsoever.: -.\.r o4 Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any colonel or other Colonels, &c.

commanding officer of any county or county of a city in IrelandLnalsin8' un-

n, b 7, 7. rr 7 r, v 1 true returns,

shall make any untrue return to the office of the Secretary of ^all forfeit the lord-lieutenant, or to the grand jury of the county to which 500L Irish.

his regiment belongs, every such colonel or other commanding officer shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds y

Irish currency, for every such offence, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by adlionof debt, bill,

p aint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record

3 at

6 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 3- — 6. [1802.

at Dublin, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be pealed var'ec*i altered, or repealed by any act to be made in this

fdfian.

session of parliament.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon mahj mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thour land eight hundred and three.

[December 17, 1801.]

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pension*, ' offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and*, three.« — (December 17, 1802.]

*'CAP. V.

j; An act for raising the sum of five millions by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by

' parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand - tight hundred and three.

[December 17, 180s.]

Treasury may raise c. 900, 0001. by loans or exchequer hills in like manner v./ as is prescribed by the malt act of this session, c. 3. concerning loans, &c.

Exchequer bills payable on fourteen days' notice. But not to issue exchequer 3,: Vr.- f. bills on the credit of the acts of this session, c. 3. and 4. in any other

1 manner than authorised by these acts, &c. Exchequer bills to bear an

it\'u interest not exceeding three-pence per centum per diem; and if not paid

.. out of the supplies for 1803, they shall be receivable in payment of the

revenue, in four months after their date. Not to be received in payment of any taxes until payable* Clauses, See. in the recited act, c 3. relating to exchequer bills extended to this act. Bank of England authorised to advance 2, oooo, ooq1. on the credit of this act, notwithstanding aft $ and $.. Gul. ct Mar. &c. y

: -v; [/'} CAP. VI.

An act to indcmnify.such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves -'"for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace,

or othere, whd have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications whhin the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited.for* those puippfes, until the twenty-fifth day of December ' -.*.qae thousand eight hundred and three 5 to indemnify members and

officers, in cities, corporations, and borough-towns, whose admissions have been* omitted to be staroped according to law, or, having been: stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the

1 twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and three, to provide admissions duly stamped; and to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures

Of clerks to attornies and iblidtors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand eight hundred; wd three.-"-(December 17, x8o*.J

1802] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7, 8. 7

CAP. VII.

An act to amend an act, made in the thirty^seventh yean of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to provide for the more speedy payment of all navy, victualling, and transport bills that shall be issued in future.

[December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to provide for 37 Geo. 3. the more speedy payment of all navy, victualling, and transportc* recitc<* biHs that shall be issued in future; it is ammgfl other things enacted, that every such bill should carry an interest after the rate of threepence halfpenny per centum per diem from the date of the same: and whereas it is expedient that such interest should be lowered as to navy, victualling, and transport bills issued after a certain period: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by thje King's most excellent majesty, by andvith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the first day of From Jan. t. January one thousand eight hundred and tjjree, every bill issued navy, by or under the authority of the commissioners of the navy, an^ransport victualling, and transport offices respectively, bearing date after bills, shall the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and carry an in-three, shall carry an interest after the rate of three-pence tcreft of 3*

tentum per diem no more, which shall commence from the dlem from^ date of the same, and shall be paid at the time when such bill their date, shall become payable; any thing in the said act, or any former law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-^ntt thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed extends to any navy, victualling, or transport bill, issued by or contracts under the authority of the said of respectively, in pay- subsisting at ment, or part payment, or in pursuance or performance of any Puffing this contract subsisting and in force at the time of the passing of this a<a* aft; but that^ as to all such contracts, It shall be lawful for the said of respectively to issue bills bearing an interest of three-pence halfpenny per centum per diem, 3s if fhjs aft had not been made,

CAP. VIII.

An act for reviving and continuing fir five years from the pijfing thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, certain acts, passed in \the parliament of Ireland, for regulating the baking trade in the city and county of Dublin; and for indemnifying all per fans who have acted in pursuance of any of the provisions of the said acts, or any of them.

[December 29, 1802. ]: r

WHEREAS the several acts of the parliament of Ireland fir Seven! »&s0f the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, the parlia, although found to be of great use, have been fijfcred Vt expire, and for the

It better regu-

3 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8. [180ai

lation of the it is expedient that the same fbouli be revived and continued: may it In DubHn t«- t^ere^orc please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it vived and' " enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the continued for advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and five years. commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the following alts made in the parliament of Ireland, that is to say, an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city ^Dublin y and the acts of the first and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second therein mentioned, except as thereby altered; and also one other ad, made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act to amend and continue an act passed in the thir-. ieenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin* and for other purposei; and the act of the fifteenth and sixteenth years x>f his present Majesty therein mentioned, except as thereby amended; and also one other ad, made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of hi* present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and continue on act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and continue an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, intituled, " An act for the better regulation of the baking tradq in the city of Dublin, " and for other purposesi and also one other ad, made in the twenty-fifft and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, altering, and continuing an act, iftituled,4 An act for regulating the price and a/ftze of breads and preventing frauds and impositions in the sale cfflourv and other articles sold by weight or measure in the county of Dublinand also one other ad, made.in the thirty-third year of the reign of hiy present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief off erf on s carrying on the baking trade in the city ^Dublin; and also one other ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the baking trade, and all and every the powers, authorities, provtfiona, regulations, penalties, forfeitures* clauses, matters, and things in the said several acts contained* except such clauses of any of the said acts as are varied, altered* or repealed by any clause or clauses in any other or others of the said acts, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be revived, and shall be in full force and effect for and during the term herein after mentioned.

erfpiis who may have acted under the reched acts shall be indemnified.

II. And whereas several magistrates and justices of the peace may, for the publick good, have acted under and enforced the provisions of the said several herein-before recited acts ftnee the expiration of the same, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all peffonal actions, suits, indictments, informations, attachments, molestations, prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever, judgements and orders, if any be against the said magistrates and justices, for or by reason of any fnatter pr thing done in pursu-

aace

1So2.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 9. 9

aoctof the provisions contained in the herein-beforq, recited u&Sy or any of them, shall be discharged, and made null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and that every persect, by whom any such ad, matter, or thing, shall have been advised, commanded, appointed, or done in pursuance of the said recited acts, or any of them, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified as well against the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other person and persons, vrhomsoever; and that if any prosecution, action, or suit, hath been or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person for any ad, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, in pursuance of the said acts, or any of them, such Persons pro* person may plfead the general issue, and give this act and the pi^cT the^special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall general issue. -become non-fuir, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he or they shall have the like remedy. Double costs, as in cases in which costs by law are given to defendants.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied. Act may be

altered, or repealed, by any act to be made in this session of altered or repealed this

parliament. session.

IV. - And be it further enacted, That this act shall com- commence. mence and take place from and after the passing thereof, and fnent an(j shall continue and be in force for and during the term of five continuance years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of of ad. parliament.

CAP. IX.

An act to rectify a mistake in an act, made in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, feijfcants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied, relative to the pay of serjeants, corporals, and drummers.

[December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of parliament, 4-2 Geo. > intituled An act for defraying the charge of the pay of c: rc*

Ac militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth day of March one clte thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied, it was amongst other things enacted, that the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's ire a fury, in* that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, should issue in money out of the consolidated fund of Ireland the Jams required, to the a gen} or agents, or to the clerk or dirks of such regiments or battalions of militia as should be raised, which they wereio apply in the manner and for the several uses in

the

io Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 9.

[18*. j

the said at7 mentioned\ (that is to Jay), for the pay of the said miHti* j at the rate of fix findings a day for each adjutant from the date of bi*] commissm, where an adjutant was appointed; and at the rate of one Shilling and one penny for each frjeant from the day of his enlifiment^ (together with a certain addition in the said act mentioned)\ and at the rate of eight pence a day for each drummer from the day of his enlifiment, (together with a certain addition in the said act mentioned 5) and at the rate of eight-pence a day for each corporal from the date of his enlifiment: and whereas it was intended that the rates of pay to serjeants, drummers, and corporally fljould have hem as follows \ (that is to say)y one shilling and sixpence Irish currency a day for each serjeanty and one shilling Irish currency a day for each drummer y (with the additions in the fid recited act mentioned), and one shilling and two-pence Irish currency a day for each corporaly in conformity to the estimate of the expence of the said militia y laid before the honourable house of commons, and approved by the said boUfe % in the said fe/fion of parliament; and the words 44one shilling and one penny/7 44eight-penceand eight-pence, " werey through mijlakiy inserted in the said act, instead of the words one shilling and sixpence?9 44 one shilling and one shilling and two-penceand whereas divers sums have been ij/ued by the said lords^commissioners of the treasury in Ireland, and have been applied by the agents or clerks of the fevered regiments or battalions of militia in Ireland, according to the said rates of one /billing and sixpence Irish currency a day for each serjeanty one Shilling Irish currency a day for each drummery (with the additions in the said act mentioned)y and one Shilling and two-pence Irish currency a day for each corporal; and it is expedient that the issuing and applicaT tion of suchfums should be confirmed by parliament, and continued according to the rates lafi aforesaid\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ifftie money1 from and after the passing of this act it shall be lawful for the said for the pay of lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland to issuet the serjeants, and for the agents or clerks of the several regiments or battalions drummers, of mjljtia in Ireland to apply, money for the pay of the serjeants, 3t£SSSL# drummers, and corporals in the said militia, at the said rates of at the rates one shilling and sixpence Irish currency a day for each ferjdmt, one herein speci- shilling Irish currency a day for each drummer, (with the ad* fied, and the ditions in the said recited act mentioned), and one shilling and application two-pence Ir/Jb currency a day for each corporal; and that the of sums at issuing and application of all and every sum and sums of money t\x>k rates which have heretofore been, or shall hereafter be issued and apr shall be valid. p]jC(j f0r the pay of the said serjeants, drummers, and corporals, at the rates last aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said rates of one shilling and sixpence, one shilling, and one shilling and twopence Irish currency had been mentioned in the said act; and that the said act, and all and every the clauses and provisions, regulations, and directions therein contained, and all matters and things done and performed, or which shall be done and

performed

*8o2,] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 10, n. 11

performed under or by virtue of the said act, shall be construed, expounded, and taken, as if the said rates of one shilling and sixpence Irish currency a day for each serjeant, and one shilling Irish currency a day for each drummer, and one shilling and twopence Irish currency a day for each corporal, had been expressly mentioned dnd contained in the said act, instead of the said rates of one shilling and one penny, eight-pence, and eight-pence, in the said act mentioned; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An act to amendJo much of an act, made in the forty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting the militia, as relates to the exemption of licensed teachers of any separate congregation from serving in the militia.

[ December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the fortyfiecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending the 41 Geo*

laws relating to the militia in England^ and for augmenting the c. 9°*rcci

militia: and whereas doubts have arisen as to the exemption under

the said act of licensed teachers of separate congregations from serving

in the milkia: and whereas it is expedient that such doubts Should

be removed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent teacher of

majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords fpi- any separate

ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament congregation,

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no licensed licensed iz

teacher of any separate congregation, who shall have been li- onth Vrc-

r a.1*. 11 /i ., vious to the

censed twelve months at the Jeaft previous to the yearly generaLyCaimcet_

meeting appointed by the said recited act to be held in October, ing appointed

shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a substiture to serve by recited act,

in the said militia; any thing in the said act contained to the con- be, ab*e /i j* & to serve, or to

trary notwithstanding. provide a (ub-

stitute to serve

CAP. XI. in the

An act for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, }and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

[December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS an act made in the forty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for reviving, continu- 41 Geo. 3. ing, until the twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred (U: K0 c*44* and two, and amending an act made in the thirty-ninth and rect fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties on sugar and coffee exported, granted by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for flowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of

it Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. u.

[1802.

of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one: and whereas the said act was con- timed and amended by an act of the loft session of parliament: and whereas additional bounties were allowed by another ad faffed in? the last session of parliament on refined sugar exported: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks or bounties respectively allowed and paid under or in pursuance of the said acts* on the exportation from Great Britain of any sugar of the British plantations, in the same state in which it was imported, or of sugar in any way refine A* should be discontinued, and that other drawbacks and bounties should be granted and allowed in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by From Jan. 5. King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and 1803, the pre- consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in fentdraw. this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the bounties on ^ame» That, from and after the fifth day of Jamary one thou-the exporta- hundred and three, the several drawbacks and boun-

tioit from ties heretofore paid and allowed, under and in pursuance of any Great Britain act or acts of parliament, on the exportation from Great Britain 2SJS2- of any sugar of the British plantations, in the same state in whichr be disconti- lt Vfas imported, or of any refined sugar called Bastards, or any nued, and in ground'or powdered sugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, lieu thereof, or sugar called Gandy, or any other refined sugar in thfc loaf annexed sche- comP*ctc an(* whole, or lumps duly refined, shall be and thet dole thanbe" same are herd>y discontinued; and that instead and in Hew allowed. thereof the several drawbacks and bounties in the schedule to this act annexed shall be. paid and allowed in like manner in, every respect, and subject to and under and according to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of this act.

I^hynoticein JI. And be it further enacted, That if on the fifth day of

it ftialfappear January^ or on the fifth day of May % or on the fifth day of Sep-

that the ave- tember one thousand eight hundred and three respectively, or any

rage prices of or either of the said days, it shall appear, by notice in the Lon-

brown or jon Gazette, in manner directed by an act, made in the thirty.

sugar°d?dnot, ^cond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An

on Jan. 5, act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the

May 5, and bounty on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importa-

ScPt* 5*, 8?3i tion of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands, in

exafed* 7-0/! f0r*ignships, that the average prices of brown or Muscovado sugar,

per cwt. ex- taken in manner directed by the said last recited act for the

'elusive of the preceding quarter of the year, shall not have exceeded seventy

customsduty, (j^iUif^g5 fcr an hundred weight exclusive of the duties of cu(-?

or*bounty in torns P3^ or payable thereon on the importation into Great

the annexed Britain, then, and in every such case, the drawback or bounty

schedule, cor* in the schedule to this act annexed mentioned, as corresponding

to or with the price of which such notice in die London Gazette with such r aal}

180x.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ti. i shall bave been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed, until price in the nptjcq of any other average price shall be given in the London until

Gazette, on the Saturday immediately preceding any other of such another price subsequent day*; and such drawback or bounty shall be paid or (halt be no-allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under ticed on the and according to the like rules and regulations, restrictions, penal- j^in^an prC" ties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid dh0ther*o?such allowed before the passing of this act, (except as any such rules rutWequent or regulations are altered by this act), and the whole of the duty days; and the granted by an act passed in the forty-first yearq(. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting tg his Majesty certain (u? k.) c! aV, duties of customs on timber^ sugary raifmsy and pepper imported into9 on sugar im-and on bad exported from Great Britain, upon sugar imported into ported by the Great Britain^ by the united company of merchants of England EalMndia trading to ths East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and sold at theh*sold at the sales of the said company, after the thirtieth day of June Tales, after one thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon the delivery June 30, 1801* thereof out of the warehouse for exportation, during the time of ^Ih on ex* any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under this act hack in respect of British plantation sugar, be wholly drawn back under while draw* such rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as backs are any former drawbacks are paid and allowed; anything in the said act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present ^tionVugar. Majesty, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ill/ Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, on On exporta-the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugar in any tionotrefined other than a British ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and regil- than a tered, according to law, there shall be paid and allowed one British ship a shilling and sixpence less bounty for each and every hundred less bounty weight of sugar in loaf, complete and whole, or lump duly re- shall be paid, fined, so exported; one shilling less bounty for every hundred weight of refined sugar called Bastards, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces; and one shilling less bounty for every hundred weight of sugar exported in the same state in which it was imported, or refined sugar, being ground or powdered sugar, than if the same respectively had been exported in a British ship or vessel so owned, navigated, and registered; any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. "Provided always, and be it enacted, That the drawback Drawback and bounty payable on the exportation of sugar, by virtue and

in pursuance of this act, shall be paid and allowed on all sugar C(j on fUgar which shall have been or shall be shipped or laden on board any shipped, &c. ship or ships, or water-borne with an intent to be shipped or for exportaladen on board* any ship or ships in Great Britain^ for exporta- t, Qnaft*r tion, after the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred J n*5f 1 °* and three.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Average

average prices of brown or Muscovado sugar, according to which £rown or the drawback or bounty in the schedule to this act annexed, Muscovado

shall be paid or allowed, shall be ascertained and taken in the sugar shall be

manner prescribed and directed by the said act passed in the ascertained

- AS prefenbed.

th, rty- by, Gw. 3.

14 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 11. [i8bi.

c. 41-but thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty* in all r©-» fakenatthe spe&S) except that such price shall be computed and taken at the b^this act Cd several days by this act directed, according to the average price of such sugar during the whole of the'four months immediately preceding such day respectively, indead of the six weeks as directed by the said recited act; and such average price so ascertained and computed shall be deemed and taken to be the price of brown or Muscovado sugar for the purpose of paying or allowing the drawback or bounty on sugar* according to the schedule annexed' to this act, and shall so continue during the whole of the succeeding four months.

Continuance

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have con-of aft. tinuance until the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four for the port of London, and until the fifteenth Act h °£January one thousand eight hundred and four for other

altered- re- Pans °*real Britain; and that this act may be altered* varied, pealed this or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this present session ftffiou. of parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, at which Drawback?, and Bounties arc payable. drawback tobea1-lowed onSugaro: ihe Brmllt Plan-tatiqiuinihc Caine Mate in which it wa* imported, a ml Bounty on Helmed Sugar. being giounu or powdered Sugar. Bountyon Refined Sugar called Bat-(aids, or Refined l.o.it Sugar bn* ken in pieces. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loat complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

If the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar, pub-. liHied in the London Gazette, /. J. S.

shall not exceed 35s. theewt. 2 % the cwt. 25 the cwt. 40 the cwt.

If it shall exceed 35*. and not exceed 40l. 215 38

If it shall exceed 4cj. and not exceed 45J. 20 25 36

]f it shall exceed 45./. and not exceed 20 10 3 4

If it shall exceed 58 j. and not exceed 60s. >S is 3*

If it shall exceed 60 s. and not exceed 6u. 16 167

If it shall exceed 62s. and not exceed 64s. 14 24 24

If it shall exceed 64J. and not exceed 66j. 12 ti 20

If it shall exceed 66 j. and not exceed 68s. 10 10 17

If it shall exceed 68 j. and no exceed 70J. 8 8 13 Nothing

If it shall exceed 70s. Nothing Nothing

All the above prices are to be taken, exclusive of the duties of custonas paid or payable on the importation of Sugar.

180l.] Aftftoregfli quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 12 — 14. 15 CAP. XII.

An act to continue* until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several laws relating to the prohibiting the exportation and permitting the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty; to the relief of captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the jfle of Malta.

[December9, 1802.]

Act 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. as amended and continued by subsequent acts, shall be further continued to January i» 1804. Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 34. further continued to January 1, 1804. Act 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further continued to January 1, 1804.

CAP. XIII.

An act to continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight bundled and four, so much of an act, made in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes, or other provisions 5 and for permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and provisions, without payment of duty.

[December 29, 1802.]

Act 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. recited.'So much of recited act as was continued by an act of the last session, further continued to January 1, 1804.

CAP. XIV.

An act for continuing until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the forty second yedr of the re'gn of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the prices at which grain, meal, and flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting^ from and after the passing thereof*until the said first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the exportation of feed corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

[December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the forty second year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating,z ^eo 3-until the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred father opn- r and three, the prices at which grain, meal, and flour may be tinued. exported from Great Britain 16 Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain: and whereas the said act has been attended with beneficial consequence$y and it is expedient that the term thereof which is now nearly expiring^ should be further continued \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act,; and all and every the powers, 'authorities, provisions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things therein contained, (except such

may

i6

the average price of corn. Regulations for exporting such corn, when the average price of corn shall be higher than that at which corn is now allowed

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14. [1801.

may be hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be in full force and effiad for and during the term herein after mentioned.

II. And whereas it is expedient to permit the carrying of feed tom from Great Britain to Ireland during the continuance of this etH % whatever the price of corn may he\ be it therefore further enabled*

Seed com of That it shall and miy be lawful for any person or persons, at nut1be?ex-Wth any limc ^ur*nghe continuance of this act, to carry and exported from Port out an<* from any P01*1 or pl*con Great Britain»in any Great Britain British or Irish ship or vessel owned and navigated according to to Ireland in law, any feed corn of British growth to any port or place in fhf^what* whatever the average price of com may be at the time

evt^may be of such exportation; any thing in this act, or in any act or acts of parliament now in force in Great Britain or Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such corn shall, at the time of such exportation, be at a higher price than that at which such corn is now by law allowed to be exported to Ireland, the exporter of such corn from Great Britain 'shall, before the shipping thereof, declare upon oath (or affirmation, being one of the people called §htakers) % before the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port from whence the exportation is about to take place,

tobeexported (which oath or affirmation the said collector, comptroller, or to Ireland. other chief officer is hereby empowered to adminilW), that all such corn is feed command is intended for the purpose of being used as feed corn, and for no other purpose whatever, and that such corn is intended to he exported to Ireland, specifying therein the port to which the same is intended to be exported; and such exporter shall, together with the matter or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such feed corn is intended to be exported, become bound in a bond, with one other sufficient surety, to remain in force for twelve months, in treble the value of such feed corn, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with condition that he will carry the same to such port or place in the kingdom of Ireland, and that the said corn.shall be used as feed corn, and for no other purpose whatever, such bond to be taken by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, at the port of exportation; and in case such corn shall be carried or exported to any other place or places titan to the port or place in Ireland mentioned in the said tharunentfon- bond, or in case the said corn shall be used for any other purpose edinthe than as feed corn, the said bond shall be forfeited, and the bond, or if person so using such corn shall forfeit treble the value thereof; used not for ancj such bond shall and may be discharged within the said the bond'ftull twe^vc months, upon the production to the collector, comp-be forfeited, troller, or chief officer of the customs at the port of exportation, of a declaration on oath or affirmation of some two or more credible persons made before the said collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Ireland where the same ft)all have been landed (which oath or affirmation the said

If such com shall be carried to any

How bond shall be discharged.

18q2.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 14. 17

said collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs is hereby empowered to administer), or before some one justice of peace, that such corn has been actually used for feed, and for no other purpose whatever: provided always, That in case it shall happen that any feed corn so shipped and entered for exportation to Ireland shall be lost or destroyed, or shall have become spoiled, rotten, unfound, or unfit to be used as feed corn, or shall not have been actually used for the purpose of feed corn, it shall and may be lawful for the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port of exportation, to discharge the bond so given as aforesaid for so much of the said corn as shall be so lost or destroyed, or which being so spoiled, rotten, unfound, and unfit for feed, or not having been used for the purpose of feed corn, shall be re-landed at the said port of exportation, or any other port or place in Great Britain, on proof made on oath or affirmation, to the satisfaction of such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, that such cotn was actually so loft, or spoiled, or re-landed without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; but such bond shall be and remain in full force and effect as to all the said feed com, to which the same shall relate, which shall not be so proved to have been actually loft, destroyed, or spoiled, or become rotten, unfound, and unfit for feed, or re-landed as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that all malt that shall have been or that may hereafter be imported into Great Bx\\z\n from Ireland, under any proclamation heretofore or that may hereafter be issued by his Majesty, for allowing the importation of any provisions duty free

should be subject to the payment of a countervailing duty equal to the duties pdyable in Great Britain on malt made in Great Britain, not with/landing any thing contained in any such proclamation to the contrary; be it therefore enacted, That all malt which shall have Malt import* been imported into Great Britain from Ireland, under any pro- ed into Great clamarion issued under the authority of an act of the last session of parliament by his Majesty for allowing the importation of anyproclama-provisions duty free, or which shall be imported into Great tion of his Britain from Ireland under any such proclamation, shall be Majesty, (half subject and liable to the payment of the respective duties fol- CCFwhich lowing; that is to say, a duty of two shillings and four-pence a ftalUndemni-bushel upon every such bushel of malt which shall have been or fy the im-shall be so imported into any port of England, and a duty of porters, one shilling and eight-pence halfpenny a bushel upon every such bushel of malt which shall have been or shall be so imported into any port in Scotland^ any thine contained in any such proclamation to the contrary notwithstanding; and no malt so imported, on which duties shall be duly paid, shall be deemed to be forfeited or be liable to forfeiture; and the importer or importers of any such malt shall, on payment of such duties as aforesaid, be indemnified against any fine or penalty in respect thereof; any thing in any act or acts, or law or laws, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Vol. XUV. C V. And

18. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 15. [1802.

Duties to be V. And be it further enacted, That such of the said duties unifer the ma- as Qjall arffe in that part of Great Britain called England shall the commis- be un^cr the managen^ent of the commissioners of the customs fioners of cirf- in England ior the time being, and such as shall arise in that toms, and shall part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the manage-be managed as ment: of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being; and such duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and accounted for, in such and the like manner as any duties of customs of a like nature payable in Great Britain, and under and subject to the several powers, conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, fines, pains, and penalties now in force in relation to or made for securing the revenue of customs in Great Britain; and all pains, penalties, fines, or forfeitures^for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any

act or aefts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained shall be in full force as to the said duties as fylly and effectually as if they.were hereby re-enacted and made part of this act.

bepaid into

VI. And be it further enacted, That all monies from time to theexche- time arising from the said duties, the necessary charges of querandcar- raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted, shall rie(l t t, ie from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-fnnH°nf Treat chequer at Westminster, and shall be carriedio and made part of Britain, the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

Act may be

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied,

altered or re- altered, or repealed by any act to be made in this session of pealed this parliament.

session.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act, so far as the same relates to the exportation of feed corn, and to malt im-continuance Porte(* into Great Britain from Ireland, shall commence and take of aft. place on the passing thereof; and so far as the same relates to

the continuing of the said recited act, shall commence and take place on the fifteenth day of February next, and shall be and continue in full force and effect until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and three.

CAP. XV.

An act to facilitate, and render more easy, the transportation of offenders.

[December ^9, 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provisionshould be made for transferring the services of offenders transported in.his Majesty's ships or vessels, in cases where no contra ft is entered into % or security given in respect of such transportation, and that his Majesty should therefore be empowered to nominate and appoint persons to have a property in the service of such offenders: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by ^nd with the advice and consent

1802.] Anno regpi quadragesimo tertio GeoReu JIl. c. 16. 19

of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whenever his Majesty shall be pleased to give orders for His Majesty the transportation in any ships or vessels belonging to his Majesty of any offender or offenders who already have, of here- a pro, after may be sentenced to be transported to any place or places perty in the within his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, it shall be Service of lawful for his Majesty, by any order under his royal figa mantial, to give, if he shall think fit, to any person or persons nominated m ^p8 be-and appointed for that purpose in such order, a property in the longing 16 his service of any such offender or offenders, for such term or terms Majesty, with-of life or years, dr any part thereof respectively, for which such PH* feel.ir, ty offender or offenders was or were ordered to be transported, as for^hor^11 to his Majesty shall seem fit; and on such nomination and ap- transporta-pointment, such offender or offenders may be delivered to thehon* person or persons so nominated and appointed, without any security being required or given for the transportation of such offender or offenders; and every person so nominated and appointed, and his or their assigns, shall have the like property in the service of such offender or offenders, as if such person or persons had contracted and given security to transport such offender or offenders, in the manner required by the act of the twenty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for Geo. 3. the effectual transportation of felons, and other offenders, and to an- c* thorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned, or any other law now in force; any thing in the said act, or any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for appointing of to inquire and examine into any irregularities, frauds, dr abuses, which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments therein mentioned, and in the business of prize-agency, and to report such oh-fervationts as shall occur to them for preventing such irregularities, frauds, and abuses-, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said departments, and of prize-agency, in future.

[December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the publick service that an inquiry should be made, by of specially appointed for that purpose, into any irregularities, frauds, or abuses, which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments herein after mentioned, and in the business of prize-agency; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That fir Charles Morice Pole Commission-baronet, Hugh Leycester esquire, Ewan Law esquire, John Fordfrs named for esquire, and Henry Nichols esquire, shall be and they are hereby constituted of for making the inquiries intended by verafnaval"

C 2 this departmsnts,

20 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 16. [1802.

and in priz?- this act; and that they the said of, or any thnee of agency; any them> shall and they are hereby required to examine into and ree to a.investigate all such corrupt and fraudulent practices, irregularities, frauds, and abuses, or other mifeondust, as may be found to have existed or to exist in any of the several offices or departments herein after mentioned, or to have been practised or committed by any person or persons that now are or have been concerned in managing, condusting, or transacting the business thereof respectively, or employed in any manner therein, either at home or abroad; that is to say. The office of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ the several 'offices and departments of the commissioners of his Majesty's navy, the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, the commissioners for victualling his Majesty's navy, the commissioners for taking care of sick and wounded seamen and sick prisoners of war, the commissioners for transports and prisoners of war, the commissioners for the receipt of sixpence a month paid by all seamen in the merchants' service for the use of Greenwich Hospital, the office for the receipt and management of the monies paid on account of the chest at Chatham, his Majesty's several dock yards and naval yards in the counties of Kent, Hants, and Devon respectively, or elsewhere within his Majesty's dominions, and the office of inspector-general of naval works, the royal hospitals and naval hospitals for seamen at Hajlar and East Stone-house or elsewhere within his Majesty's dominions, and the late prisons for prisoners of war, prison ships, prison hospitals, and prison-ship hospitals in the said counties of Kent, HantSj and Devon respectively, or elsewhere within his Majesty's dominions; Commission- t)r in the business of prize-agency; and the said of ers to certify shall, fr0I11 time to time, report and certify their proceedings, in incs tcTthe " writin?» under the hands and seals of them, or any three of K.tngand both them, to the King's most excellent majesty, and to both houses housesof of parliament, upon each office and department, and upon the

parliament, business of prize-agency respectively, specifying the nature of

cor rest Um °* ma^Practices, irregularities, frauds, or abuses, as they may and improve- have discovered or investigated; adding, at the same time, such observations as shall occur to them, and such plans either for correcting and improving, or for abolishing or regulating, any of the said departments ot offices, or for regulating the business of prize-agency, as may appear to them to be proper to be adopted for the time to come.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better execution of this present act, the of herein-before named, or any three of them, are hereby authorised to meet and fit, from time to time, in such place or places within the cities of London and Westminster, or elsewhere within the united kingdom, as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment; and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, or under the hands and seals of any three of them, for any person or persons whomsoever, and for such books,

papers.

ment in future,

Commission-trs to meet where most convenient, and to fend precepts for persons, books, See,

' by

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. i6. 21

papers, writings, or records, relating to any of the offices or departments he'rein-before mentioned, or to any contracts, deal* ings, or transactions, which may have taken place with the said offices or departments, or to the business of prize-agency, as shall be necessary for carrying into execution the purposes of this act; all which persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said of at such time and f°cb costs and times, place and places, as shall be by them appointed; and charges as the such persons as shall so be sent for, shall have such costs and commission-charges as the said of, or any three of them, shall ^rs tkinlc think fit. fit*

III. And, for the rendering more effectual all such examinations as are intended to be had under this act, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any three ofj*neu*a" them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to examine oath, upon oath or affirmation of persons being quakers, (which oath or affirmation they, or any three of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all persons whom they shall find occasion to call before them, to be examined touching all matters and things necessary for the execution of the powers vetted in them by this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, Commission-summoned to appear before the said of, or any three

of them, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear before the apprehending said of, or any three of them, or to bring or pro-and commit-duce any accounts, books, papers, writings, or records, relating ting to prison to any of the said offices or departments, or to any contrails, {^in«8tQCg" dealings, or transactions with the said offices or departments, or attend or to any of them, or to the business of prize-agency, that shall be produce ac-in his, her, or their possession, custody, or power, and which counts, kc* he, she, or they shall have been required by such summons to^f^rng0° produce, or shall refuse to be (worn, or being quakers shall to answer refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or being quakers having questiont. affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and before the said of, or any three of them, any question, on oath or affirmation, touching or concerning any matter or thing relating to the several offices or departments above mentioned, or any contrails, dealings, or transailion9 with them, or any of them, or to the business of prize-agency, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to make and issue their warrant or warrants, under their hands and seals, or under the hands and seals of any three of them, for taking and apprehending any such person or persons, and committing him, her, or them, to such prison as the said of, or any three of them, shall think fit^ there to remain, without bill or mainprize, until he, she, or they, shall submit to be eKamined, touching and concerning all matters and things necessary for the efcccfetion o£the powers' given by this act, or to make such production: as afoieftrd, as the case may be.: .: { t; - ' >

c 3

22 Atftoo regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 16.

[1802. No person V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ^ll bl Person shall compellable to answer any question or to prp-toTnfaerany duce any account, book, paper, or writing, the answer to Which question or- or the production of which may criminate or tend to criminate produce any such person, or to expose such person to any pains or penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said of winate^m?' name<^ in this act, before they enter upon the execution of the Commission- faTne* shall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, trs shall take or before the master of the rolls for the time being (which the following oath they and each of them are and is hereby authorised and oath>^required to administer), th* tenor whereof shall be as followfeth; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That according to the best of my skill A and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the Several powers and trusts vested in me by an act, intituled, 'An act for [here insert the title of the act] according to the tenour and purport of the said act.'

Persons giving

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or ^C Persons upon examination upon oath, or being quakers upon ject to the - affirmation, before the said of, or any three of them penaliies for respectively as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly corrupt per- give false evidence, every such person so offending, and being jury* thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties, as by any law now in force persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Vacancies of VIII: And be it further enacted, That in case of a vacancy or vacanc*cs by dc*1!1 or resignation of any one or more of the up by his C of, during the continuance of this act, it Avail

Majesty and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons, not being a member or members of the house of commons, as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person so nominated and appointed, having taken the oath of office above mentioned, shall be held and considered to be invested with all the same powers as are delegated to the of appointed by this act in whofi? room such person is so nominated.

Commission-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of ers may ap- shall be, and they, or any three or more of them, are hereby au-^inwhoAall thorised to appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and receive only officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the such reward said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him by the said of, and in all other things touching th6 preipifes; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to-execute and perform the said trust in them several iy andjreiipedixely reposed, without taking any thing for ftKh'tls^vKextthier^lhan fetch fakwy or reward as the said of, or any three of them, shall think fit to direct hsbivcV: .7^; / and

as the commissioner8 shall direct.

1802.] Anno o regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 16. 23

and appoint in that behalf; and the lords-commissioners of the Treasury may treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid any sums consolidated of mdney not exceeding two thousand pounds, to such person fiind'for payor persons as the said of, or any three of them, shall naent of by writing under their hands desire or direct, out of the con- ^cr^s> &c# solidated fund of Great Britain 5 which sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such'*

manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said of, or any three of them, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf; the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the course of his Majesty's exchequer, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, on the passing of the said v

accounts, other than such sum as the said of, or any three of them, shall appoint.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limitation of action shall be brought against any of the said of, a&lons«

or any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever, done or committed under or by virtue or in the execution of this act, unless such action shall be brought within six calendar months next after the doing or committing of such matter or thing: provided also, that if any action or suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any matter or thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter ini evidence; General issue. and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs; for which he, she, or they, shall Treble coft3. have the like remedy, as where colts by law are given to defendants.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered,

varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this present fef- j*aied this (ion of parliament. ( session.

[Publick act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken

notice of as such without specially pleading the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Confinuanc, e in force for the space of two years, and from thence to the end of

of the then next session of parliament, in so far as the same shall not be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this present session of parliament.

*4 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 17.

[1802.4

CAP. XVII.

An act for discontinuing certain drawback and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other draw* backs and bounties instead thereof — 1 [December 29, 1802.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the forty frjl year of the reign

___j. of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating,

c. 74. until the twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and

two, the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of British plantation sugar, and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused in Ireland: and whereas an act was 41 Geo. 3. passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, c. 6o, recited. until the thirtieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, for regulating and allowing drawbacks on sugar exported from Ireland, and for allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for granting an additional drawback on the exportation of refined sugar: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks or bounties respectively allowed and paid under or in furfuance of the fa'td acts on the exportation from Ireland, (except to Great Britain), of any sugar of the firitish plantations, in the same state in which it was imported, or of sugar in any way refined, should be discontinued, and that other drawbacks and bounties should be granted in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-From Jan. 5, liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from 1803, the pre-and after the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred hackstand" anc* l^rce» ^evcral drawbacks and bounties heretofore paid bounties on and allowed under and in pursuance of any act or acts of parlia- the exporta* ment on the exportation from Ireland, (except to Great Britain), Ir* any ^u8ar plantations in the same (late in which

forts°oi fug ar]lt wasmPortec^» or of any refined sugar called Bastards, or any & all be diu*ground or powdered sugar, or refined loaf-sugar broken in pieces, continued, or sugar called Candy, or any other refined sugar in the loaf com-and in lieu plete and whole, or lumps duly refined, shall be, and the same in theannexed are hereby discontinued; and that, instead and in lieu thereof, schedule shall several drawbacks and bounties in the schedule to this act: be allowed, annexed shall be paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject to and under and according to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except where / any alteration is made by this act), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of this act.

If it appears

II. And be it further enacted, That if, in the first publication by the Dublin of the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited act of the lUlied^t'c^r- ^orty'^rft year> a^ter the arrival in Dublin of the London Gazette tain periods, published on the Saturday immediately preceding the fifth day that the ave- of January, the fifth day of May, or the fifth day of September

one

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 17. 25

one thousand eight hundred and three respectively, or any or rage price* either of the said days, it shall appear that the average price brown or Muscovado sugar ascertained and taken in manner pre- fUgactoail° (bribed by law in Great Britain, for the preceding quarter of the not have ex* year, shall not have, exceeded seventy shillings (lerling for an cecded 70J. hundred weight, exclusive of the duties of customs paid or pay- elusive

able thereon on the importation thereof, then, and in every such orduty, CtheV case, the drawback or bounty in the schedule to this act annexed, drawback or mentioned as corresponding to or with the price, of which such bounty in the notice in the Dublin Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, annexedfcbe* shall be paid or allowed, except on exportation to Great Britain, f^nd hie with until notice of any other average price published in the London fud, price in Gazette on the Saturday immediately preceding any other of such the Gazette, subsequent days shall be given in the Dublin Gazette; and such shall he paid drawback or bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner inprices° every respect, and subject and under, and according to the like fl, all be pub-rules and regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as lished, &c. any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the passing this act, (except as any such rules or regulations are altered by this act).

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the 9n exporta-exportation from Ireland of any refined sugar in any other than f[jg"^inr^nye a British or Irish ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and registered other than a according to law, there shall be paid anti allowed one shilling British or Irish and sixpence sterling less bounty for each and every hundred vesse, aJe« weight of sugar in loaf complete and whole, or lump duly ^2 refined, so exported; one shilling sterling less bounty for every P hundred weight of refined sugar called Ba/lards, or refined loaf-sugar broken in pieces, so exported; and one shilling sterling less bounty for every hundred weight of sugar so exported in the same date in which it was imported, or refined sugar, being ground or powdered fugaj, so exported, than if the same respectively had been exported in a British or Irish ship or vessel so owned, navigated, and registered; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the drawback Drawback and bounty payable on the exportation of sugar by virtue and in shall beallow-pursuance of this act, shall be paid and allowed on all sugar

which shall have been or shall be shipped or laden on board any f0lrPexporta-ship or ships, or water-borne with an intent to be shipped or tion after laden on board any ship or ships in Ireland for exportation, after Jan. 5, 1803. the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

average prices of brown or Muscovado sugar, according to which Muscovado the drawback or bounty in the schedule to this act annexed shall sugar shall be be paid or allowed, shall be ascertained and taken in the manner ascertained in prescribed and directed by the said recited act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, in all respects, ^ Geo. 3. except only lo far as the same is altered by this present act. c. 60, except

VI. And be it further enacted, That the average prices of where altered such sugar, as the same shall hereafter be ascertained by law in b?this a<^5

Great f"*1* infer ted in the

26 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 17.

[1802. Dublin Ga- Great Britain, and inserted in the London Gazette at any periods redtecfbvVhe w^atcver> shall he from time to time inserted in the Dublin recited Gazette, in the same manner as the average prices heretofore

inserted in the London Gazette are by the said recited a6V of the forty-first year directed to be from time to time inserted in the Dublin Gazette.

Act may be

VII. And be it further enacted, That this a3 may be varied, ^Sed this*' a^tcrc<^» or by any act or acts to be passed in the present session. session of parliament.

Continuance

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act, and also so of act, much of the said recited a St of the forty-first year as is not

altered by the said recited act of the last session of parliament, or by this act, and also so much of the said recited act of the last, session of parliament as is not altered by this act, shall have

continuance until the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four for the port of Dublin, and until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four for other ports of Ireland.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and' paid under the Provisions of this Act.

Prices of Brown of Muscovado Sugar, at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on lujjar of the British plan'.actions in, the same state in which it was imported, and bounty on refined Aigar, being ground or powdered sugar. Bounty on refined sugar'called Bof-tards, or refined Joaf-sugar broken in pieces. Bounty on other refined sugar in loaf complete and whole, or lump duly refined.

If the average price of brown or} Muscovado sugar, published inf the London Gazette, shall notf exceed 351. sterling the cwt. j 22*. sterling the cwt. 25*. sterling the cwt. 40*. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 35*. sterling, and 7 not exceed 40*. sterling the cwt. J 21*. sterling the cwt. 25*. sterling the cwt. 38*. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 40*. sterling, and 7 not exceed 451. sterling the cwt. 3 20s, sterling the cwt. 25*. sterling the cwt. 36*. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 455. sterling, and 7 not exceed 58*. sterling the cwt. 3 20*. sterling the cwt. 20*. sterling the cwt. 34*. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 58*. sterling, and 7 not exceed 60s. sterling the cwt. J 18*. sterling the cwt. 18*. sterling the cwt. 3IJ. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 60*. sterling, and 7 not exceed 62*. sterling the cwt. I t6*. sterling the cwt. 16*. sterling the cwt. 27*. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 62*. sterling, and 7 not exceed 64*. sterling the cwt. 3 14J. sterling the cwt. 14*. sterling the cwt.'24s. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 64*. sterling, and 7 not exceed 665. sterling the cwt. J 12*. sterling the cwt. 12*. sterling the cwt. 20r. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 66s. sterling, and ? not exceed 68*. sterling the cwt.' 3 10*. sterling the cwt. #ior. sterling the cwt. 17r. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 68*. sterling, and ? not exceed 7or. sterling the cwt. 3 8*. sterling the cwt. 8s, sterling the cwt. 13*. sterling the, cwt

If it shall exceed 70*. sterling the cwt. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.

All the above prices are to be taken, exclusive of the duties of customs paid pr payable on the importation of sugar.

37 Geo. 3-t. 43-

37 Geo. 3.

c. $u

38 Geo. 3. c.

ftecited act erf 3 7 Geo. 3. c. 91* as amended by 38 Geo. 3. c. i* further continued.

Affidavit of payment in notes, &c. shall entitle persons held

CAP. XVIII.

An act to amend and continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, the restrictions contained in several acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty, eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, on payments of cash by the Bank* — [February 28, 1803.]

WHEREAS an at1 toas passed in the thirty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of cash by the Bank; which act was continued and amended by another act passed in the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in this present fefBon of parliament, intituled An act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of cash by the Bank, ' under certain regulations and restrictions: and whereas tbi provisions of the said last-receited act were amended and further continued until one month after the conclufon of the present war, by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and continue, until one month after the conclusion of the present war, the provisions contained in an act passed in the session of parliament of the thix«ty-sixth and thirty — seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, videlicet, on the twenty-second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the restriction on payments of cash by the Bank $ which said acts were further continued, until the firs day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, by an act made in the last fejfon of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the said acts, so far as the same are amended by the said recited act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and continued by the said act of the hjl fejfon of parliament, should be further continued: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several provisions of the said acts passed in the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended by the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, and continued by the said act of the last session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of any application to any of his Majesty's courts in Westminster-hall, by any person who has been or shall be held to special bail, under or by virtue of any process out of such court, to be discharged

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 19, 20. 29

charged upon common bail, by reason of any defect in such to Special bail

part of the affidavision which he is so held to bail, as negatives

or is intended to negative any offer having been made to pay com^n^il

the sum in such affidavit mentioned in notes of the governor &c.

and company of the bank of England, the person or persons

making such application so to be discharged, shall not be entitled

to such discharge, unless he, she, or they shall at the same time

make proof, by affidavit, that the whole sum of money for which

he, she, or they has or have been so held to bail had been or was,

before such holding to bail, offered to be paid, either wholly in

such notes, or partly in such notes and partly in lawful money of

this kingdom; any thing in the said recited acts to the contrary

notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered. Act may be varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament. %, ^fion.

cap: XIX.

An act to authorise the training and exercising the militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight days.

[March 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last fejfutn of parliament,

intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the 4* Geo. 3. militia in England, and for augmenting the militia; and by another c. 5°»an<* act passed in the same session^ intituled An act to raise and establish c. 91.

a militia force in Scotland, it is enacted, that the militia to be raised under the said respective acts should be called out once in every year for the purpose of being trained and exercised, for the [pace of twenty one days: and whereas it will tend to the better training of the said militia if the period of such exercise was extended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said militia shall, when so called out Militia shall as aforesaid, be trained and exercised for the space of twenty-be called out eight, days, and all the clauses, powers, provisions, penalties, and trained forfeitures, punishments, matters, and things in the said acts re-yearjn"^ spectively contained, with relation to the calling out, training, stead of 11 and exercising the said militia, shall apply and be extended to, under recited and remain and continue in force, as to such period of twenty- a&8* eight days, in as full and ample a manner in every respect, as if such period had been authorised and directed by the fai, d recited acts, instead of the said period of twenty-one days; any thing in the said acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 24, 1803.I

Number of forces 66, 574.

30 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

CAP. XXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty several duties therein mentioned* to be levied by the commissioners for managing the stamp-duties in Ireland.

[March 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act' pnffed in the parliament 3/* Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majest; 's reign, intituled An Irishaft, act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several 40 Geo. 3. duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commissioners for

c*10* managing the stamp-duties, certain rates, duties, impositions, charges,

and sums of money were granted, for a term in the said act limited* upon the several matters and things in the fold aft, and the schedules thereunto annexed, expressed, mentioned, and contained; which said recited act has, by divers acts of the parliament of the united kingdom* been continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three: and whereas by other acts of the said united - kingdom certain of the \duties in the said recited act mentioned have been altered, and certain additional duties have been granted, and it is expedient that the duties payable under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or any of them, should be further continued* and that the colic ft ion of the same should be regulated in manner herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, p M.and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-^th day of March in the year one thousand eight hundred and the duties three, there shall, throughout that part of the united kingdom

shall be paid called Ireland, be raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, upon the his heirs and succesloys, for and upon the several articles, matters, pressed^n^ and things expressed in the schedules hereunto annexed, marked schedules A. A.B. C. and D. the several and respective rate«, impositions, B. C. and D. duties, charges, and sums of money in the said schedules respectannexed. tively mentioned; which said schedules hereunto annexed shall be deemed and taken as part of this act to all intents and purposes.

Comtnif-

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty, or the lord-sioners maybe lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for l*ie l'me ^eing, have power to appoint of for oH6rdJrieu- stamping and marking of Vellum, parchment, anc^ptoper, and tenant, and managing the duties thereupon, and that the said of, may appoint or the major part of them, shall have power, under their hands inferior offi- anj sea|s> to appoint such inferior officers, with the consent and cer6, approbation of the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and for the better V collecting and levying of the duties hereby granted to his Majesty,

.. his heirs and successors* as they at their discretion shall think

oners'and proper; and that every commissioner and other officer so ap-officers to be pointed, before he proceeds to the execution of his office under sworn. such

1803.] Anno egni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.ai. 31

such appointment, shall take and subscribe the oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, that I will, during my CQntinuance in the.

A office of faithfully execute the trust committed

to me without fraud or concealment, and that I will from time true account make of all such acts as I shall do therein, and deliver the same to such person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, hath appointed, or hereafter shall appoint to receive such account; and that I will take no fee, reward, or profit, for the execution or performance of the said trust, or the bufipefs relating thereunto, from any person or persons, other than such as shall be paid and allowed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by some person or persons for that purpose authorised by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.*

And such oath shall and may be administered to any such commissioner or of by the chancellor, treasurer, lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, or in their absence by any of the justices in any of his Majesty's principal courts in Dublin, and they are hereby required and empowered to administer such oath; and any of the said of, or any justice of the peace within Irelandr shall and may administer the like oath to any subordinate officer heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed pursuant to this act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Qualification this act contained shall affect, or be construed to affect, an act not to affect passed in Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second years 0faI^H Geo. his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to regulate the qualifications'*c*33-of persons appointed to offices in this kingdom, wherein two or more

grantees alt under one grant, commission, or appointment; but that the said act, and every part thereof, shall remain in full force.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several commis-The of and officers, heretofore appointed for the marking or flowers and damping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the hSding^udi duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such offices shall offices respectively, as also such other of and officers continue to as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, shall con- .&ve* tinue to ad in the several offices to which they have been, or hereuu shall be so appointed, or which they now actually hold or ex-

ercife, in like manner, with the same powers and authorities, and subject to such restrictions and limitations as are mentioned in the former acts of parliament, granting stamp-duties unto his Majesty in Ireland, or any of them, save as herein is mentioned or otherwise directed, unless such of or inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord-lieutenant or oilier chief governor or governors of Ireland -

32

Evidence of acting as of, &c. shall be 1Sufficient with-

Anno regni quadragesimotcrtlo GEORGixIII. c. 21. [1803.

for the time being, or unless such inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the said of with the consent and approbation of his Majesty, or of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in any court, either of law or equity, on any action, suit, indictment, information, prosecution, or proceeding whatsoever, and whoever shall be the parties therein, any question shall arise concerning the right of the said of or inferior officers, or any of them,

°Utpr<^C, tg to hold, exercise, or enjoy their said offices respectively; then appoin n, amj in every such case> [t shall be sufficient to prove that such of or commissioner, or inferior officers or officer, were.or was at the time in question commonly reputed to be such of or commissioner, or officers or officer respectively, without producing their or his patent, appointment, or commission, and without giving evidence that they have performed the several requisites prescribed by law to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to and for the lord-lieutenant, and other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, out of the produce of the duties hereby granted, to cause such sum and sums of money to be expended and paid from time to time, for salaries and other incident charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, and levying or managing of the said duties; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or other officers heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such rules, methods, and orders in the execution of their several offices and trusts, as they respectively have received or shall receive, from time to time, from the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland* or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, or any three of them, or the lord high treasurer of Ireland respectively for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the of or officers for the stamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, for the time being, shall keep their head office in some convenient place

Salaries, &c. paid out of duties.

Commissioners and officers shall observe such rules as they receive from lord-lieu-tenant or treasury.

Commissioners shall keep head office in Dublin.

Noduty paid within the city of Dublin; and that none of the duties granted sioners*111^ by this act shall be received or collected by, or paid to the said of of {lamp-duties, or any of them.

Commis-

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

weredTo ^avy^u^ lo anc* for t^ie respective of, for the time administer° for managing the {lamp-duties in Inland, or any one of

oaths and them, to administer oaths and affirmations, and take affidavits affidavits, and

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 33

and affirmations, in all.cases where he or they (halt respectively think an oath or oaths, or an affirmation or affirmations, necessary to be administered or taken for the purpose of carrying into effect this act, or any part thereof, or any matter or thing relating thereto, Or to the management of the stamp-duties imposed by this act, or to be imposed by any future ad; and if any person shall wilfully swear or affirm any such affidavit or affidavits, or affirmation or affirmations, or wilfully swear or affirm any other affidavit or affidavits, or affirmation or affirmations by this act directed to be sworn or affirmed, and any of the said affidavits or affirmations, or any part or parts thereof, shall contain a falsehood, every such person so swearing any such affidavit or affidavits, or affirming such affirmation or affirmations, knowing or believing the same to contain a falsehood, shall and may be indicted for wilful and corrupt perjury therein, and shall upon such conviction of such offence incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, as persons* convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury in Ireland are by law liable and subject to.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the officer Separate and officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting, and 6*°

receiving the duties arising by this act, shall keep separate and <^Cert.*distinct accounts thereof; and that the several distributors of pjftrfoutera stamps in the city or county of Dublin, shall on the Friday in in Dublin to every week, unless the same shall be an holiday, and then upon pay tore-the next ensuing day which shall not be an holiday, pay all ceiver-general monies received by them in the preceding week, under or by every n ay* virtue of this act, and then in their hands respectively, to the receiver-general of stamp-duties; and the receiver-general shall on the Friday in every week, unless the same shall be an holU day, and then upon the next ensuing day, which shall not be an holiday, pay all monies received by him in the preceding week by virtue of this act, and then, in his hands, into his Majesty's treasury in Dublin; and the distributors of stamps in other employed in-other parts of Ireland shall on every Wednesday P^es to c°l-in every such week, unless the same shall be an holiday, and gXC(fJ.8° then on the next ensuing day which shall not be an holiday, pay all sums received by them in like manner, and then in their hands respectively, to such of the coljedors of the inland excise;

in Ireland as they shall be respectively directed to pay the same to by the said of of stamp-duties, or by any of them; and in case any such distributor shall not have received such direction, then he or she shall pay the same to the collector of inland excise in the di.ftrid in which the same shall have been received and collected; and such collectors of inland excise are hereby authorised and required to receive and give receipts for the same, without fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and the receiver-general, in six days Notice.to after his making any payment into his Majesty's treasury, and commis-every distributor of (humps in six days after his making any ^0JRrs°f payment to the receiver-general or to any of the said collectors {^ITin VOL. XLIV. D of days alter.

}4 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ai.

[1803.

of inland excise, shall give notice of such payment, "and of the amount thereof, to the commissioners for managing the (lamp* duties; and every such collector shall from time to time pay the several sums so to them paid respectively, and every other sum which he shall have received by virtue of this act, or any part or parts thereof, to the receiver-general, upon receiving from him one or more acquittance or acquittances for the Receiver-ge- same; and if such received-general and colie&ors, or any of them, shall neglect or omit to pay the sums so by them respectively payable as aforesaid, at the time and in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies so by them payable, then and for every such offence he or they shall be dismissed from his or their employment, and shall from the time of such dismissal be incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in any civil capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with interest for the monies so detained in his or their hands after the rate of twelve pounds by the hundred by the year^ the same to be recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from publick accountants or debtors; and if any such distributof shall neglect or omit to pay to such receiver-general or collector as aforesaid the sums so by him or her received and collected- in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by him or her so col-le&ed or received, then for the first of such offences he, she, or they shall forfeit all and every the discount, per^centage, of other tee, profit, or reward, to which such person so offending would or might otherwise be entitled for or by reason of the sum so detained, or so neglected or omitted to be paid to such receiver-general or collector; and for the second of such offences every such distributor shall forfeit the said discount, per centage, fee, profit, or reward, and shall be dismissed from his or her said office, and shall from the time of such dif-mi(Tal be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs and ftic- cessors, in any civil capacity whatsoever; and shall also be charged with interest for the money so detained, after the rate chafed with gf six pounds by the year for every hundred pounds; the same uer centI to recoverec^ the same manner as the interest recoverable

* from the said receiver-general and collectors as aforesaid; and

Such discount the said discount, per centage, fee, profit, or reward, so for-shall be paid feited by such distributor, shall in every of the said cases be paid informhi F % ton^Pe<^ors of stamp distributors as shall first difi-

0 cover and inform the said of of stamps of such

neglect, omission, or detention.

Commis-

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any dispute

sioners shall arise> to which of the said inspectors shall in any case

ofinfpc&ois9 to the said discount, percentage, fee, profit, or reward,

or whether the same has been forfeited by any such distributor

or not, the same shall be decided by the said of of stamp-duties, or the major part of1 them, by a summary order under their hands, and their decision therein shall be final and

conclusive

neral and collectors on neglecting to pay the duty shall be dif*

abled from atting;

and pay is/, per cent, per annum for money detained. Distributors neglecting to pay receiver-general, shall forfeit their discount of/. per cent.

and for the second offence be dismissed j and

to such per ceqtagt;

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. $5

conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever: provided also,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of and may of Samp-duties, or anyone or itiore of thetn> from time to time, ^Yofth y-as oftefi as he or they shall think proper, by order under his or ment^y^" their hand or hands respectively, to enlarge and extend, for any distributors. time not exceeding one month, the time hereby allowed to such distributors respectively for paying unto such receiver-general pr collectors the several sums by them respectively from time to time received as aforesaid, where the quarterly payment of such distributor shall exceed two hundred and fifty pounds; apd where it shall not exceed two hundred and fifty pounds, to enlarge and extend such time of payment for any time not exceeding three months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the comptroller of the Comptroller

duties hereby granted shall certify once in every week to the accountant-general the amount of the duties paid by the dif- g^eral " tributors or other officers of the stamp-duties to the several amount of collectors of the inland excise; and that every such distributor duties paid by stalllikewife certify to the accountant-general, and to the commissioners for managing the stamp-duties, once in every month, distributors the full amount of the sums paid by him, on account of the said shall give a duties, to any collector or collectors.of intend excise, specify- like account $ ing the name of such collector, and the respective times of pay-.

jnent, and the balance remaining in his hands; and if suchnege, ao# comptroller or distributor shall neglect to certify in manner aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of

twenty pounds (Irish currency.)

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every distributor of Distributors

stamps shall verify by affidavit, or if a known quaker by affirma- ver, f>r '

r, ., 9.l n j 1: u* their accounts

tion, his or her respective accounts, to be furnished by him or on oat

her to the said of; the said affidavit or affirmation,

if made in Dublin, to be sworn or affirmed before o/ie of the said of, and if in the country, either before a commissioner of the court of chancery, king's benph, common pleas, or

exchequer in Ireland, or before a magistrate in the county, or

county of the city or town, in which such distributor shall reside, and which affidavit or affirmation the said of

and magistrates are hereby respectively required and empowered to take; or if the said of for managing the stamp-

duties in Ireland, or any one or more of them, shall, by notice in writing, require it, before the justices of the peace, at a quarter

sessions of the peace to be held* in and for the county in which such distributor shall reside; and which affidavit or affirmation

such justices are hereby required and authorised to receive and take; and if any distributor shall neglect or refuse to verify any of such accounts in manner aforesaid, within such reasonable

time as he or she shall be called upon by the said of

of stamps, or any one or more of them, so to do, he or she shall,

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several persons Collectors who hav? been or shall be respectively employed in receiving,

collecting, to c0&m}f.

36 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21.

[1803. sioners of collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the counts ^ormer a<^s granted, shall exhibit their respective accounts

4: 01111 1 of such duties to the commissioners for taking imprest accounts in

Inland for the time being, or the major part of them, when called on by them or any one or more of them for that purpose; and the said of of inppreft accounts are hereby respectively authorised and required, from time to time, to examine upon oath the said persons who shall be so employed, in raising, receiving, or collecting the said duties, as to their accounts, and as to the sum or sums of money which shall have been by them or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof shall have been by them, or any of them, paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Inland, or to the collectors of the inland excise as aforesaid; and in accounting before the said last mentioned of, or the major part of them, the and shall pro- said persons are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or sums ducevouchers. of money^ fQ by them raised, received, and paid; and the said last mentioned of, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised and required finally to adjust and settle such Commission- accounts; which said accounts, when so audited and settled, ers of imprest shall be (igoed by the said last-mentionegi of, or the dtf- major Part ^em, and shall be at all times, to the officers

charges.* therein concerned, a full and sufficient warrant and discharge,

to all intents and purposes.

XV. And whereas the disiributors of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, frequently neglect to furnish their accounts to the commissioners for managing stamped duties in Ireland, and often run in arrear and decline giving up such Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, as they have not fold, by means whereof great lojfes arise to the revenue 1 be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of stamps, or any one or mote of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Intake awa W3rrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to stamped paper authorise any person or persons, with the assistance of a magis-and parch- trate, or any peace officer, in the day time, to enter into the

nient from house of any distributor of stamps, and to seize, or take into his,

dntributors ber, or their possession, such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall have been sent to such distributor from the head office in Dublin, and as shall be then found in the house of such distributor; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons so authorised as aforesaid, with the assistance of a magistrate or peace officer, to enter into the house or houses of any such distributor or distributors, and to seize and takt into his, her, or their possession, such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be then found in such house or houses, and as shall have been sent to such distributor from the head office as aforesaid; and all magistrates and peace officers are hereby required upon the request of any person or persons acting under such warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the execution thereof: provided always, that all and every stamped

Commissioners of stamps may issue war-

who are in arrear.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 37

vellum, parchment, and paper, which shall be so found in such house, shall and may be seized and taken as having been so sent to such distributor from the said head office, unless the contrary shall be proved by such distributor.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in A separate his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, one book, in which all monies ?£c?un* that shall be paid into the said treasury of Ireland, by virtue of treasurr.in this act, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other monies* paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from

any account whatsoever; and that neither the sixpence per

pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to or be deduded or received by any officer or officers of his Majesty's said treasury,* tTf

for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums

of money arising by or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made

+in pursuance of this act; but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and all the money paid into the said treasury as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all collectors of ^ifc^ub*ed land excise shall, as to all sums to be by them received under to^ccouiuas or by virtue of this act, be subject and liable to the same mode for other

of account, and the same regulations, save as herein other wise duties;

mentioned, as they are and shall be subject to in respect to any other duties by them collected; and shall also be dubjed and

liable to furnish to the said of of stamp-duties, as of

often as they shall be thereto respectively required by the said of stamps.

of, or any of them, accounts of such sums as shall be received by such collectors respectively under this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the types, marks. The framps and stamps already kept or used for denoting and marking on ^herLfter vellum, 'parchment, and paper the several and respective duties heretofore granted, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or the said office used at the head office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on shall he the vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and respective duties law^u* hereby granted, shall be the only true and lawful types, marks, 1 amp

and stamps, for the damping and impressing of all vellum, parchment, and paper on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged have been or shall be engrossed or written;

and that from time to time, as often as such types, marks, or Stamps may

stamps, or any of them, shall be worn out or otherwise become he repaired or

unserviceable, the said of may cause the same to berencwcu

repaired and rendered fit for use, or cause renewals thereof, or

similar types, marks, and stamps to be made and used, if they shall think propel so to do; and that where such types, marks. Two or more

or stamps shall not Specifically denote the duties chargeable by

this act, two or more of such types, marks, -or stamps, the on^not'ftTf-611

duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the duties ficient.

chargeable by this act; may be used for marking and impressing

vellum, parchment, and paper, with such duties; or the said

of may cause; to be provided new types, marks, or

stamps

38 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

New stamps stamps for denoting faoh duties, or any of them, if they (halt Prided* Pr° prop*1 to do, ando stamp or mark vellum, parchment,

e*and paper chargeable with such duties with the same.

Stamps may

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the devices or marks be altered. or to be used for denoting and marking on vellum, parch-

ment, and paper the said duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered, from time to time, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland, for the time being, shall think fiti Publick no* provided, that whensoever such devices or marks shall beivra°tiiercof Ranged, varied, or altered, then and in every such case, publick notice of every such change, variation, or alteration shall be given by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in same other publick newspapers, a convenient time before the types, marks, or stamps on which such new devices or marks shall be made, be used.

Persons bring-

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the^dev*ccs or marks, or any of them, shall be so changed, va-&c. not en- r»cd, or altered, it shall be lawful for all persons who shall, at the grofled to the times respectively of such alteration or change, have in their cuf-office in sixty tody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with «ay*» the impression of the type, mark, or stamp, which shall have been so changed, varied, or altered, and upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend, at any time within the space of fxxty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, such*vellum, parchment, and paper, to the said of of stamp-dutits, at the head office in Dublin, or to such other offi-shall have the cers appointed as aforesaid; and thereupon the said commissi? like quantity oners and officers respectively are hereby required to stamp or MwstampTth mark, or cause to b stamped or marked, inlieu thereof, the like gratis. P*quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought or sent to the said head office by the person requeuing the same, with the impression of such new type, mark, or stamp, without numdin " demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the same, any sum confidefation money, or other consideration whatsoever, under the penalty forfeits 100l. of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds$ and the said stamps and marks which shall have been so changed, shall, in every such case, be immediately cancelled; and in case any person shall negledfc or omit, within the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the Parchment, said of or officers as aforesaid any such vellum, &c. with old parchment, or paper, so marked with the type, ' mark, or stamp, mmeufe than have been so changed, the same is hereby declared to

iFnot stamped. be of no other effedfc than if such vellum, parchment, or paper, had never been stamped; and that all matters and things which shall be engrossed or written thereon after such time as shall be appointed by such advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered types, marks, or stamps, as aforesaid, shall be of no other effect than if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped;

r$P3*l Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 39

and all persons who (halt engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the duties aforesaid, on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such penalty as is herein directed to be inflicted on persons writing or engrossing on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked

or stamped.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all vellum, Commission-

parchment, and paper which has been marked or stamped, and p"chment,* has paid the duties granted by any act or acts of parliament &c. formerly heretofore made, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby stamped to be intended, without any additional stamp, mark, or duty, except with

in cases where, by this act or by any other act or acts, duties

greater than those heretofore laid on are or have been or shall be feiynce being*imposed; in all which cases it shall be lawful for the said commis- paid.* sioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, upon

request of any person or persons, to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be stamped with a duty denoting a higher duty, the person or persons requesting the same, paying the difference of price between the said respective stamps, or that such vellum, parchment, or paper as shall be brought for the purpose^ by the person requesting the same, be duly stamped and marked with stamps denoting such duties as the person or persons requesting the same shall require in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper as shall be offered for exchange; the person or persons to whom the same shall be given paying the difference, if any, between the said respective stamps: provided always, that the stamps marked on such vellum, parchment, and Formerftamps paper to be offered for exchange, be cancelled. canoe e

XXII. And be it further enacted, That ail vellum, parch- Parchment, ment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged with the several &c. hereby induties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein- tended to be before mentioned shall be thereupon engrossed or written, be written brought to the head office aforesaid to be stamped and marked; upon be

and the said of and officers are hereby required, upon brought to be demand of the person or persons so bringing the same, forthwith, stamped* without aay &ev or reward, to stamp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought; such person or persons paying to such officer or officers, as shall be appointed*in that behalf, the respective duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the lame.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any commissioner Penalty on or other officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall officer affix-fix any such mark or stamp to any vellum, parchment, or paper

which shall be brought to the head office aforesaid to be stamped or le-or marked, before the several and respective duties thereupon cured, 100l. charged by this act shall be duly answered or be secured to be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, he shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons Writing mat-(hali engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon charge* any vellum, parchment* or paper, any of the spatters or things auty'before

for damped, or if

40 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

stamped with for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper is hereby charged thsnYJ] to Pay any ^utY» before such timd as the said vellum, parchment, able, pay" or paper shall be marked or damped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon vellum, parchment, or paper that shall be marked or damped for any lower duty than the duty by this act playable for what shall be so engrossed or written thereon, such perfoti penalty 5l. offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds.

Writing on

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or parchment, persons shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, wntten^on c*t^iernhe wb°le or in part, any matter or thing in respect before^gain" whereof any duty !s payable by this act, upon any part of any damped, eras- piece of vellum, parchment, or paper whereon there shall have ing names, been before engrossed or written any other matter or thing in fakin' off °F whereof any duty is payable by this act, unless such

damps to tife vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or again, damped according to this act, after such former engrossing,

writing, or printing, or shall, for the purpose of evading any of the duties payable by this act, execute any damped indrument without a date, or which shall bear date prior to such execution thereof, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the name or names of any person or portions, or any date, sum, or thing engrossed or written in such indrument, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or damp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any past thereof, with intent to use such damp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then, and in any such case, every such person so offending in any of the particulars before-mentioned shall, for every such penalty50l. offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds Irifl) currency; and any and deeds, &c. deed, indrument, or writing (o antedated, or wherein any of the deemed un- said frauds shall have been committed, shall be deemed not to stamped. have been duly damped: provided nevertheless, that any deed execute'deeds orn^rument which shall have been duly executed by any of at different the parties thereto, on the day when the same bears date, shall

times. - not be considered as antedated within the meaning of this act;

but such deed or indrument may lawfully be executed at any time afterwards by the other parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening change in the damp-duties payable on such d$ed or indrument, if the same was duly damped at the time of the said fird execution thereof.

If stamped

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon oath (or parchment, fojemn affirmation of a known quaker) made at the head office o/en^roffedn to the satisfaction of the said of of damps,

shall be inad* or'any of them, or of any inferior officer by them in that behalf vertently ren- appointed (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners fCrer are, or any of them is, and the said officer also is hereby autho-

fofuse, &c. rjfe(j tQ that any damped vellum, parchment, or

paper, printed* engrossed, or written upon, and inadvertently

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 41

and undesignedly obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any party or parties, or used for any purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, and that no money or other consideration hath it may be been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, damped, or |£c impressed thereupon, save and except the money first paid for on Q2lX^such duty or duties to the receiver-general of the stamp-duties herein, or other proper officer appointed to collect and receive the same; and in case the person or persons who shall bring and deliver any quantity of such damped vellum, parchment, or flapped propaper rendered unfit for use, shall produce at the same time the perly gratis, like quantity of vellum, ' parchment, or paper to be damped, then, and in every such case, the said of shall cause the same to be damped or marked with the several and respective duties damped, marked, or impressed on the vellum, parchment, or paper so rendered unfit for use, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the duty on the same any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any banker's or Cancelling bankers' note or notes shall be signed or otherwise executed by bankers' notes any banker or bankers^ duly registered in manner herein after l^ok^not mentioned, or by his or their servant or servants, and shall separated. remain in a book and be part of the leaves or of any one leaf

thereof, and not cut or, separated therefrom, then, and in every such case, if such notes so remaining in such book shall be brought to the head office in Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of stamps, or any of them, or any officer by them duly authorised, and they, are hereby required to cancel the stamps thereon respectively, and to mark or (lamp any'vellum, parchment, or paper which shall be brought to the said head office by the person or persons so bringing such note or notes with any marks or stamps which he or they may require, I on such person or persons paying the difference of price, if any, between the (lamp so cancelled and the (lamps or marks so marked or stamped on the vellum, parchment, or paper so brought to the said head office.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person within Writing on Ireland have or hath engrossed or wi itten at any time since the parchment or commencement of any acts for imposing stamp-duties in Ireland, ^!erany

or any of them, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, chargeable or cause to be engrossed or written upon any-vellum* parchment, with duty be-or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, fore stamped, parchment, or paper, was chargeable by the said aefts, or any of stamped'for a them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty before such time as lower duty, the said vellum, parchment, or paper, hath been or shall be penally 10l. marked or stamped as aforesaid. Or hath or have engrossed or betides the Written the same, or caused the same to be engrossed or written, |f or shall engross or write the same, or cause the same to be within 5 year* engrossed or written upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, not tobeftadipid. damped with any duty, or stamped or marked for any lower duty than the duty by the said acts or this act payable for what

1

42 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

hath been or shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then ani in every such case there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the remainder or the whole of the amount of the duty (as the case may be) payable by law for every such deed, instrument, or writing, and also the sum of ten pounds; provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the space of five years from the execution of such deed, instrument, or writing, or at any time after the expiration of such term of five years, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above such duty After 5 years payable as aforesaid; and the proper officer or officers are hereby »o/. penalty, required, upon payment or tender of such duty and sum of ten pounds, or twenty pound*, as the case may be, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the same, and to mark and stamp such velliim, parchment, or paper, with the mark or stamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing respectively.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any

Upon what

commissionersn^rument hath been engrossed or written on parchment, vellum, may order or paper not duly stamped, and it shall appear to the comtnif-ioib uments sioners, upon oath or affirmation, or otherwise, (and which oath

to be stamped Dr affirmation the said of are hereby respectively

after they J -

have been executed} and persons indemnified*

empowered to administer), that the same hath happened either by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necessity or unavoidable circumstances, and without any intention in any party to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duty chargeable upon such instrument; and such instrument shall, within sixty days from the execution thereof, be, brought to the of to the head damping office in the city of Dublin, to be stamped, and shall pay the duty chargeable upon such instrument; it shall and may be lawful for such of to remit the penalty payable on damping such instrument, or any part thereof, and to cause such instrument to be stamped with the proper stamp; and every person concerned in engrolP-ing any such instrument, or executing the same, shall be exempt from all penalties on account thereof.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all judgements upon posteas, inquisitions, writs of fein facias, and judgements upon nil dicit or cognovit aflionem, in Ireland, shall and may be stamped with the proper stamp within one month next after the same shall have been signed, without payment of any penalty or other sum, save only the duty payable thereon, but no discount shaft be allowed thereon; and every person concerned in the engrossing or signing the same shall be exempt from all penalties on account thereof: provided nevertheless, that any officer or officers who shall neglect or omit to bring or fend such judgement or judgements to the head office in Dublin, to be stamped within one month after the same shall have been so to bc ftailiped signed, shall, for every such neg!e& or omission, forfeit and pay 101. the sum of ten pounds.

Alignment,

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person bail bond, &c. or persons shall be arrested by virtue of any writ or process of o^fbunp^if Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any

common

Judgements upon Nil picit, Sec. 4uay be stamped with, in one month after being signed.

Penalty on officers neglecting to bring such judgements

180$.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 43

common person, and the sheriff or other officer shall take hail stamped be-, from such person against whom such writ or process shall issue, forc a^ion* the sheriff or other officer, at the request and coll of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or of his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action or suit the bail bond or security taken from such bail, by indorsing the same, and attesting it under his hand and seal, in the presence of two or more credible witnesses* which may be done without any (lamp, provided the alignment so indorsed be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon; and also that when and so often as it shall become necessary for any sheriff or other officer in Ireland, having'authority to grant replevins, to assign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin to the avowant or defendant in such a<$lion such assignment may be made without any damp j provided the assignment so made be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon; and the said several alignments shall, on application at the head office in Dublin, at any time before any action be brought thereon, be duly stamped, without payment of any penalty or other sum, save only the duty payable thereon.

XXXLI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Commission-commissioners of stamp-duties are hereby authorised to (lamp all may stamp instruments executed out of Ireland, upon payment of the duty execuudnout payable thereon according to this act, without payment of thq of Ireland.

said additional duty of ten pounds, proof being first made to the satisfaction of the said of, or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of Ireland as aforesaid, provided the same shall be brought to beilamped within the space of two years from the execution thereof respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all courts of juf- Courts of justice and judges in Ireland shall, without allegation or proof inland that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and 'j-ake^adicial damps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for tire only true and notice of1 lawful types, marks, and (lamps for the purposes herein-men- stamps. tioned, and that no record, deed, instrument, writing, or prinking whatsoever, for which the vellum, parchment, or paper

whereon the same is or shall be written or printed, is or shall be chargeable with any duty by this or any other act, shall on any pretence whatsoever be pleacted, or given, or received in evidence in any court in Ireland, or admitted in any court in Ireland to be good or available in law or equity, unless the said vellum, parchment, or paper whereon the same shall be so written or printed, shall be duly marked or stamped with the mark or9(lamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, writing, or printing respectively: provided always, that if any deed, instru- Instruments ment, or writing shall happen to be executed on any (lamp of a executed on greater amount than the value of the (lamp prescribed by this t^reamred act for such respective deed, instrument, or writing, the same shan be valid, shall be considered as duly stamped, within the true intent and meaning of this act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the of of Commission-

stamp«>ers to appoint a person to attend in c*mrt, and officers to inspect Aainps, &c

Judges, 5rc. at request of

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

damp-duties for the time being, or the major part of them, shall and may, from time to time, as they shall see occasion, appoint one or more fit person or persons to attend in any court or Courts, office or offices in Ireland; which person or persons shall have full power and authority to insped and examine the vellum, parchment, and paper upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid have been or shall be engrossed, or written, or put, and also the marks or damps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure the duties arising by this act, or by any former act whereby any duties were granted upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper in Ireland5 and that the judges in the several courts in Ireland, and such others

to mike orders for it curing the duties.

f> ni/Il0ner8 to whom it may appertain, at the requed of the said of, or of any of them, shall make such orders in their respective courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said duties as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf.

Prices of XXXV. And, for the better Attribution ofstamped vellum, parch--

damped vel- ment* and paper within Ireland, and that all persons may have the

fceTet^nce°in*W* Wli^ conv(n*ence* an^ at Qn enfy rate> be it enacted, That every year j the lord-lieutenant or chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, shall, once in every year at lead, set the prices at which all forts of damped vellum, parchment, and paper shall price damped he fold; and the said of for managing the said duties on every (kin, upon vellum, parchment, and paper shall damp the prices fb set upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and on every piece and (beet of paper so by them to be sold; and that the said of shall take special care that the several parts of Ireland, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with such vellum, parchment, and paper damped or marked as aforesaid, so that all persons may have it in their election to buy the same of the officers or persons to be employed by the said of at the usual rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, and paper to be damped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall have done the same, and shall under this act be entitled to utter or fell the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any (bopkeeper or to persons shopkeepers, dealer or dealers, or other person or persons who receipTftamps &ah for his, her, or their own u^e> purchase at the head at the head office in the city of Dublin any quantity of paper damped for office for their receipts, and shall at the time of purchasing such damped paper

&c

and1 care taken to fur-niffi the different parts of the kingdom with Ramps.

Allowances

own uie.

write or cause to be written or printed thereon, these words

4 T or, we, [here inserting the name or names or firm of the person 1 or perform for whose use such paper shall be intended to be fifed]* do hereby acknowledge, That I, or we, [as the case may be]* have received

shall have an allowance thereon after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum., if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount

to

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. it. 45

to the value of five pounds, and not exceed fifteen pounds; and after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount to fifteen pounds or upwards.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said com* When dutic* missioners of stamp-duties shall likewise allow and pay to every amount to person who shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper to the said ^nt. allowed head office to be damped in pursuance of this act, the duties For ready whereof shall amount to the sum of twenty pounds or upwards money lor save vellum, parchment, and paper to be stamped with the duty vellura»

of fifty pounds or upwards in the said scheduies mentioned), after the rate of three pounds for everyone hundred pounds upon prompt payment of the said duty, upon such vellum, parchment* or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons who shall buy any parchment or paper at the head office for damping the same, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of twenty pounds or upwards, save as aforesaid, shall have the same allowance upon prompt payment,

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no

person shall be entitled to such allowance of three pounds per newsp^ers centum, save printers and publishers of newspapers and almanack* and atma-makers, as to the duties payable on such papers and almanacks nacks allowed by virtue of this act, unless an affidavit shall be sworn before d]lc*Sl!r'^one of the said of, and lodged in the said office, that on av the vellum, parchment, and paper upon which such allowance is to be made, is intended to be vended by retail, fair and without any writing thereon, and by the person making such affidavit, for his own sole use and benefit, and that he or she never did nor never will fell any forged or counterfeited (lamps, knowing or believing them to be such: and provided also, that no attorney, publick notary, or ferivener, or their or any of their clerks,

shall bb entitled to any such allowance as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any person who shall putthafe and pay for at the distributor's office in purdhaiers of Dublin, or at the office of any distributor of (lamps in Ireland, value of \l. to the value of three pounds and upwards, of paper stamped or upwards of with any of the duties mentioned in the schedule B. hereunto annexed and printed with the forms of summonses, procefies, and printed civil bills, copies of summonses, procefies, or civil bills, decrees, forms of dismisses, affirmations, renewals, or recognizances mentioned in summonses, the said schedule, shall allowed by the commissioners for proceflcs, &c, managing the stamp-duties at the rate of ten pounds per centum for every such sum or sums to be paid as aforesaid clear of all charges for paper or printing, it being the true intent and meaning of this act that there should be a net profit of ten pounds per centum for every such purchaser.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No person. first day of May one thousand eight hundred and three, no per- lel1..son'or persons shall utter, vend, or sell it) the city of Dublin, or out hcence - within twelve miles thereof; nor shall any person or persons, from com- from and after the first day of August one thousand eight hun- imffionus. dred and three, vend or sell in any part of Ireland, any vellum,

parchment.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2r.

[1803.

parchment, or paper stamped with any of the duties by this -or any former act directed, without having first obtained from the said of of stamps, or from any one or more of them, a licence for that purpose; and that any person or persons who shall apply for such licence shall make an affidavit, or if a quaker make an affirmation, before a magistrate of the county, or county of the city or town in which he, she, or they shall reside, that he, she, or they never did and never will fell any forged stamp, knowing or believing the same to h$ such; and every such magistrate is hereby empowered and directed to administer such oath or affirmation, and on producing and depositing such affidavit or affirmation at the head office in Dublin^ the said of, or any one or more of them, if they or he shall think proper, may grant such licence to any person or persons so applying for the same, and having so made such oath or affirmation; which licence shall continue in force for seven years, if the person or persons to whom the same shall be so granted, or the survivor of them, if more than one shall live so long, and unless the same shall be sooner revoked by the said of, or any one or more of them, by notice in writing under his or their hand or hands; which notice the said of, or any one or more of them, arc and is l^reby empowered to give, at their or his will and pleasure; and if any person or persons shall, without having obtained such licence, or after the same shall have so expired or been so'revoked, utter, vend, or fijfl any such vellum, parchment, or paper so stamped, every such > person shall, for any such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: provided always, that if such person or persons shall, at the time of receiving such notice revoking such licence, have in his, her, or their possession any quantity of such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, and shall within one month next after the service of such notice carry the same to the nearest distributor of stamps, such distributor shall recede the same, and shall pay for the same the full value thereof, (deducting the reout such per centage, if any, a* such person shall have been allowed for such stamps at the head office), on such person or persons producing such notice, and making oath before such distributor that the same was in the possession of the person or persons so j making such oath for the purpose of sale at the time when such person or persons received the said notice; which qath such dik tributor is hereby required and empowered to administer; and such distributor shall, in his gr her accounting for the stamps so received, be allowed in his or her account the sum so paid for the same; and such stamps in his or her hands shall, to all intents and purposes, be considered as received by him or her from the 'head office in Dublin.

Commission-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ers empower- lawful to and for the said of, or any one or more of stampsTn"11116 t*lem> zs °^rcn as }t teem^to or them so to do, by possession of warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to persons li- authorise any person or persons, with the assistance of a magistrate.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 11. 47

irate, or my peace officer, in the day time to enter into the censed to fell

house of any person licensed to fell stamps as aforesaid, and to thenu

searchfor, inspect, and examine such stamped vellum, parchment,

or paper as shall be in the house of such person, in order to fee

whether the same be forged stamps or not; and that it shall and

may be lawful to and for such person and persons so authorised

as aforesaid, with the assistance of a magistrate or peace officer,

in the day time, to enter into the house or houses of such person or persons so as aforesaid to he licensed to fell stamps, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all such stamped vellum,

parchment, and paper as shall be in the house of such person,

for the purposes aforesaid; and in case the said stamps or any of

them shall appear to be counterfeit or forged, thep and in that

case tp seize and>carry away the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per* Counterfeit-fons shall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge, or inS or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, causing^it* or or damp, to resemble any type, mark, or (lamp, already kept or vending such, used* or hereafter to be kept or used at the head office of the &c. of of damp-duties in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped with any of the duties by this zA charged thereon; or if any person or persons, save and except such person or persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and use the famefor the purpose of stamping vellum, parchment, or paper, in pursuance of this act, shall have in his, her, or their possession any type, die, mark, or (lamp to resemble any type, die, mark, or (lamp, already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office for denoting, charging, or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be {lamped, any of the duties by this zA charged thereon; or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress on, or cause or /

procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device used or kept at the head office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon; or shall utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or ftull have in his or her possession, with intent to sell the same, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head office aforesaid, f6r the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited; then and in any of the said cases, every such person so Punishable by offending and being thereof duly convicted, (fell, for every such j*ne' imPri-offence, be adjudged to suffer, and shall accordingly suffer such p^Qr^ &c. punishment bjr fine, imprisonment, pillory, and other corporal P*punishment, or by any or either of the said punishments as shall be adjudged by the court before whom such person shall be tried; such imprisonment not to exceed six months.

4& Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.: i.

[1803.

officer autho-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any clerk, rifed to write officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office orem-with plovment in is or shall be authorised or entrusted to

duty; ifguilty make, engross, or write, any record, deed, instrument, or of fraud, writing, by this act charged, to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be disabled. wilfully guilty of any practice to defraud his Majesty, hi* heirs or successors, of any duty by this act payable, by making, en-grofling, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or by causing the same to be made, engrossed, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon velium, parchment, or paper marked or stamped with any mark or (lamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, instrument, or other writing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable by this arc! upon the same, then every such clerk, officer, or person so guilty of any such fraud or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the Attorney same for the future; and if any attorney belonging to any court g^fKer^ be wilfully guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, wie la eu. anj^Convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to pralhfe as an attorney.

All writings,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all writings, matters, &c. shall be and things, in respell whereof any of the said duties shall be ^eftwnps °n Payable, shall be written in such manner that some part thereof shall be written on the stamps or marks which shall in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, and such writing shall from thence be so continued in the usual form'of writing or engrossing deeds or writings, so that no blank

space shall be left whereby such stamps might be made applicable to any other deed or instrument whatever, upon pain that the person who shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter, or thing, contrary to the true meaning hereof, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of Penalty 10l. ten pounds.

XLV. And, for the better colle fling and securing the duties hereby One printed charged on pamphlets, be it further enacted, That one printed copy of each copy of every pamphlet, which shall be printed or published ^rinred^n within the city of Dublin, shall, within the space of six days Sublin to be after the printing thereof, be brought to the said head office in brought to Dublin, and the title thereof, with the number of sheet9 con-head office in tained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall be six days; registered or entered in a book, to be there kept for that purpose; which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their deputy and in other or c^er^> who thereupon give a receipt for the same on places to the such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby nead distribu- charged on such pamphlet; and that one printed copy of every for or collec- such pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any place in X£n1*9 Ireland^ not being within the city of Dublin, shall, within the

space

49

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ai.

space of fourteen days after the printing thereof, be brought to fotne head distributor or collector of the stamp-duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of (heets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose; which duty shall be thereupon paid to such distributor or collector, who shall give a receipt for the same on such printed copy,

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such pamphlet If duty be shall be printed or published as aforesaid, and the duty hereby jj^parn-charged thereon shall not bo duly paid as aforesaid within the phlct, penalty respective. times aforesaid, then the printer or publisher, and all roo/. and for-and every other person or persons concerned in and about the feiture of printing or, publishing of such pamphlet, shall, for every suchcopy'rig tm offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and the author, printer, and publisher of such pamphlet, shall forfeit and lose -all copy-right therein.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That on the trials of Proof of pay-actions, informations, or suits, for recovery of the aforesaid ment to lie on penalty for non-payment of the aforesaid duty, within the re- Palter, &c. spective timqs aforesaid, the proof of the payment of the said duty shall lie upon the printer or publisher of such pamphlet.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all books and pamphlets Book*serving ierving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directory, for almanack by whatever name or names entitled or described, are and shall j£nch^Jed be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks and with tjjC directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on almanacks, on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that where any Only one almanack shall contain more than one (beet or piece of paper, (heer of an it shall be sufficient to stamp one of the pieces of paper upon ^em1^cke<J which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty p accordingly.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Printing or twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, any if any person or persons shall print, publisti, fell, hawk, carry notbe^ng' about, utter, or expose to sale, any almanack or calendar, orftamped* Dublin directory, or any book, pamphlet, or paper deemed or penalty 5l. construed to be, or serving the purpose of any almanack, Dublin directory, or daily account of goods imported and exported (except as before is excepted), within the intention or meaning of this act* not being marked or damped as by this act is directed, every such person shall, for every almanack, calendar, Dublin directory, book, pamphlet, or paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered, or exposed to sale, forfeit the sum of five pounds; which penalty shall be to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons who shall, without fraud or covin, first sue for the same. Proprietors of

L. And be it further enacted, That no person shall sell or expose to sale in Ireland, any pamphlet or newspaper, or any papers ro put paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, without the true name their names Vol. XLIV. J£ and thereto,

penalty 10l.

Printers, or persons in trust for them, shall give in affidavit, &c. when requir

50 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

and surname, or names and surnames, and place or places of abode, of some known person or persons by or for whom the same shall have been or shall be really and truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit for every offence the sum of ten pounds; and that on all trials of af&ions, informations, or suits for recovery of the said last mentioned penalty, the proof that the true name and surname, or true names and surnames, and place or places of abode of some known person or persons, by or for whom such pamphlet or newspaper shall have been, really and truly printed or published, was or were written or printed thereon, shall lie upon the defendant in such action, information, or suit. v

LI. And be it further enacted, That, in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, every printer, publisher, or proprietor, of any newspaper, intelligeneer, or occurreneer, or any paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligeneer, or occurreneer, whether for himself or in trust for any bankrupt, lunatick, br other person, shall, as often as the said of fioner8?mm, f" stamp-duties, or any of them, shall by notice in writing or otherwise require the same, within ten days after being so required, give in to the said of at their head office, or to the proper officers at the respective offices where stamped paper shall be distributed, nearest to the place where such paper shall be printed or published, such affidavit, and of such import, as printers, publishers, or proprietors of newspapers, are or shall by any law or laws be directed to make; which affidavit or affidavits shall remain with such of of (lamps or officers, to be produced in manner herein after mentioned as often as occasion may require; and every printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligeneer, or occurrencer in Ireland, whether for himself or in trust for any bankrupt, lunatick, or other person, who shall, when required thereto as aforesaid, neglect or omit to give in such affidavit, within the time and at the places aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, neglect, or omission, pay a penalty of one hundred pounds, and shall be disabled from receiving any (lamps for printing such newspapers upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he, she, or they never had been qualified to print or publish any newspaper, until he, she, or they shall make and deliver in such affidavit as aforesaid.

L1L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said of of stamp-duties, or for such other tributors shall officer or officers by them appointed for the distribution of ta e a avi s ^ampe(j paper as aforesaid, to take such affidavit and affidavits as aforesaid, which affidavit or affidavits shall be so made and taken without fee or reward; and if any person shall wilfully swear any such affidavit or affidavits, and that the same, or any part thereof, shall contain a falsehood, every such person so swearing any such affidavit or affidavits may be indicted for wilful and corrupt perjury therein, and shall, upon conviction of such

offence,

Neglecting to give in affidavit as aforesaid, penalty too &c.

Commissioners and dif

without feel

Penalty for

swearing

falsely.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 51

offence, incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilU ties, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable and subject to*

LIII. And be it further enacted, That such affidavit shall be Affidavits produced as occasion may require at or before the trial of all ^jv^gy-n' such actions, suits, prosecutions, informations, or indictments, d^nc^against as shall be had or commenced, filed, or found, touching such the parties, mewfpaper, or any publication therein contained, and such affidavit or affidavits shall on every such trial be received and admitted against all and every the person and persons who shall have so signed and sworn the same, as conclusive evidence of all such matters therein as shall be by law required to be therein contained, and alsoof the continuance of all such matters in the same plight and condition to the time in question on such trial, unless it shall be proved that previous to such time such / person or persons became lunatick, or served a notice in writing at the office where such affidavit was sworn of any of the said matters therein being changed, or unless it" shall appear that previous to such time a new affidavit of the same or a limilar nature was made concerning the same newspaper, in which the person or persons fought to be affected on such trial did not join.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every printer or pub- One copy of lifher of a newspaper, or daily account of goods imported or ex- newspaper, ported, (except as is before excepted), printed or published in Dubfin'to be" the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, from and after the left at the twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand eight hun- stamp-office dred and three, shall, on every day of publication thereof, or onv<: ry ?av the day next following between the hours of twelve and two on between^ % each day, cause to be delivered to the register of pamphlets, or and a. toTuch other person as shall be appointed to act as register, in the office of such register or person in the stamp-office in the city of Dublin, one impression or copy of the newspaper so printed or published, with his or her name written thereon after the same shall be printed, by his or her own proper hand writing, in his or her accustomed manner of signing the same; and every printer or publisher of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid in any other place in Ireland, shall, on the day of the publication of such newspaper, or on the day following in like manner, between the hours of twelve and two of the clock, cause to be delivered to the next distributor of stamps, in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed or publilfred, two impressions or copies of every such newspaper In other so printed or published, with his or her name written thereon places two after the same shall be printed, by his or her proper hand, in a?ftribinorof his or her accustomed manner of signing the same, for which stamps. several copies or impressions so delivered the respective printers or publishers thereof shall be paid the usual and current prices of To be paid such impfeffidns or copies; which said several copies or impref-lions so delivered as aforesaid shall be, and they are hereby

declared to be, evidence against the several proprietors, publishers, and shall be

Eo evidence

2 anc* against the

52 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

printer of and printers of such newspapers respectively, in all complaints, unstamped fultS5 actions, indictments, informations* and prosecutions, to be^fThe same* commenced and carried on, as well touching such newspapers title, &c. respectively as every matter and thing therein contained, and touching any other newspaper, and any or every matter and thing therein contained which shall be of the same title, purport, or effect, with such impression or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the same should vary in Tome instances; and the printers and publifiters, and proprietors of the impressions of copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed printers, publishers, or proprietors respectively, of all newspapers which shall be of the same title, purport, or effect, with such copies or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printers or proprietors respectively shall prove that such newspapers respectively were not printed or published by them respectively, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or di-Omitting to region; and every printer, proprietor, or publiftier of such dtliver copies, newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported penalty ioo/. an(j exportC(j? (except as before excepted), who shall neglect or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered such copies or impressions, or copy or impression, signed as aforesaid as herein-before directed, shall, for every such omission, pay a penalty of one hundred pounds.

LV. And whereas many printers and publishers of riewfpapers Jirike off a second publication or impression, containing more advert ife- meats or other matter than are contained in the copy given in at the head office as aforesaid^ or to the distributor if in the country, by which means the duty hereby granted may be evacted, and other mischiefs and Printing a inconveniences arise\ be it therefore enacted, That any printer or second im- publisher in Ireland, who shall vary any of the daily publica-ne^paper ?f t*ons* or publish the same without giving in, in manner afore-alteied with* find* a copy of such second impression, signed as aforesaid, if in out giving Dublin, to the head office as aforesaid, or if in the country,

in a copy without giving in, in manner aforesaid, two copies to the distri-

penalty 100l.)utor ^amP8» signed as aforesaid, shall, for every such

p y # offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and every such second or other varied impression shall be deeded to be undamped, and the printer and publisher thereof shall be liable to all such pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as if the same were undamped. v

LVI. Andy for the purpose of facilitating the proof of fitch Production offences respectively, be it enacted, That upon all trials of sufficient evU a<*onsi informations, or suits, for any of the said offences* dence &c.*any newspaper of the same title as that for which the defendant

*in any such action, information, or suit shall be registered at the

damp-office as printer, proprietor, or publHher, shall be sufficient evidence that such paper Was printed and published by such person or persons so registered, unless the defendant in, such action, information, or suit, shall shew the contrary by f&tis-factory evidence; and further, that upon all such trials, the proof of the defendant or defendants therein, having given in,

in

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 53

in manner aforesaid, a copy of such impression signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin to the head office as aforesaid, or if in the country, two copies to the distributor of damps, signed as aforesaid, shall lie upon such defendant or defendants.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if the printer, pub-The paper liflier, or proprietor of arw newspaper, or paper serving the at thf; purpose of a newspaper in Ireland, upon any trial in any com- JhaHPbe°proof plaint, suit, action, indictment, information, or prosecution, against the to be commenced or carried on touching such newspaper, shall printerthough not admit that the impression or copy of the paper, left at the unfignerf, un-stamp-office in the city of Dublin, or with the distributor °'that he^eit* damps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed one with his or published, was printed or published by him, then and in such name written case any copy or impression which shall have been left at the by him. damp-office in the city of Dublin, or with the distributor of stamps in the county wherein such, newspaper shall be printed, at the times herein-before directed, shall be considered as printed and published by him, though the same shall not appear to be duly signed in his hand-writing, and though it shall not appear by whom the same was so left, unless he mall prove that he left, or caused to be left at the time by this act required, a printed copy or impression, or two printed copies or impressions, of the paper published by him, with the office or person with whom he is by this act directed to leave the same, with his name written thereon, in his own hand-writing, in the manner directed by this act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any printer or No damped publisher of any newspaper, or other paper serving the purposes paper to be of a newspaper in Ireland\ shall be, by due course of law, pHmcr^aSty outlawed for any criminal offence, or shall receive judgement certaj^ " for printing or publishing a traitorous or seditious libel, the said offences, of and (heir officers for distributing damped vellum, parchment, or paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell and deliver to or for the use of any such printer, publisher, or proprietor so outlawed, or who shall have so received judgement for such libel, any stamped paper for printing any newspaper.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any printer of any Printers of

newspaper shall leave Ireland, and continue absent therefrom for newspapers

the space of ten days; or if any publisher or proprietor of any ^e6nt0'° ro

such newspaper shall leave Ireland, and continue absent there- p^'ol°

from for the space of three months*, or if any printer, publisher, three months,

or proprietor of such newspaper, shall have become a bankrupt^ «r bankrupts,

or non compos mentis, or shall be outlawed for any crime, or shall hinaticks,

\ \ J.outlaws, &c.

receive judgement for printing or publilmng any traitorous or ft, au lose

seditious libel, that then and in every such case such printer or title to print

printers, publisher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors respect such news-

tively, shall no longer be entitled to print or publish such news- P^1*

paper, but shall, as to any such right, be considered as if he or they never had made such affidavit as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That any printer, publisher, Printer, &c. or proprietor of any newspaper shall, by the said of,

be*

54

within 10 days after noticfe that he has not been io days out of the kingdom, &c, otherwise considered as absent.

Not to prevent assignees or committees from printing, & c.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

be considered as having left Ireland, who shall not, within ten days after notice in writing or otherwise given or served in the name of the said of, or any one or more of them, at the office where such newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him, her, or them to make affidavit of the place or places of his, her, or their then residence or dwelling, make before and deposit with one of the said of, or before a didributor in the country, appointed or to be appointed by the said of for distributing stamped vellum, parchment, or paper in the country; which affidavit the said of and distributors respectively are hereby authorised to take, that such printer has not been absent from Ireland ten days together from the time at which he or she or they became printer; and that such publisher and proprietor have or has not been absent from Ireland three months together from the time he, she, or they became publisher or proprietor of such newspaper, and setting out the place of the then residence and usual dwelling of such printer, publisher, and proprietor.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the assignees of any bankrupt or bankrupts, or the committee or committees of any lunatick or other person, from printing or publishing such newspaper, upon making the affidavit and entering into the recognizance by law required, that they are' the printers and publishers of such newspapers respectively in trud for the effects of such bankrupt, lunatick, or other person respectively.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the leaving or service -._ of any legal process in any suit to be brought against any

cood!*1^ °^Pr^nter> publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper or pamphlet in Ireland, for the purpose of recovering any debt or penalty under this act, at the printing-office or place where such newspapers or pamphlets are usually and respectively printed or published, shall be deemed and considered, to all intents and purposes, good service of such process.

Buying, fell-

LXIII. And be it enacted, That any person who shall buy or ing, or hayingfell, or have or keep in his, her, or their possession, in Ireland, ^1 any unstamped newspaper after the twenty-fifth day of March

in the year one thousand eight hundred and three, shall be subject and liable to the penalty of ten pounds for every undamped newspaper so bought or sold or so found in his, her, or their possession; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of any undamped newspaper or daily account, or paper serving the of undamped purpose of a newspaper, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds &<Tao/Per* for every Paper so undamped which he or she shall print or publifti or cause to be printed or published.

Printers, pub-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any printer, lifters, and publisher, or proprietor of a newspaper, intelligeneer, or occur-new<'*aoer8 rencer> or any Paper serving the purposes of such, shall have in &c in whose his, her, or their possession, in Ireland, such paper not duly possession un- damped, or if such paper shall be found in the house, office, or stamped piper printing-

Service of process at printin good.

unstamped newspapers, penalty 10A each.

Penalty on printer, &c.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 55

printing-office of such printer, publisher, or proprietor, printed shall be found or in part printed upon unstamped paper, such printer, publisher, toall

or proprietor shall be subject and liable to all the penalties and penaito, &c. forfeitures by this or any other act, in force in Ireland, imposed upon printers, publiftiers, or proprietors, for printing or publishing such newspapers as aforesaid upon unstamped paper.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commis-of stamp-duties in Ireland, or any of them, shall have full power, Goners may from time to time, to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods and limiting the times for all and every such allowanc^of allowance of duty as aforesaid, with respect to almanacks and duty.

Dublin directories and other matters, as they shall, upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances, find necessary and convenient for effectually securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to the persons concerned therein.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person who Duty on ad-shall print or publish, in Ireland\ any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newspaper, or other literary performance, shall, within the space of thirty days next after the A last day of each month, if such advertisement or advertisements shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the duty or duties thereon hereby charged to the respective persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerks; and if printed and published in any part of Ireland out of the limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head officer, for the time being, appointed for the collection of the said stamp-duties; and the said of and officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties so paid; and upon payment Allowance, thereof in" the manner and within the time herein-before for 1

that purpose limited, the said of, or their officers receiving the same, shall make to the person, or persons paying the same, out of the sums so to be paid, an allowance at the rate of five pounds for every hundred pounds; and in default of Treble duty such payment, within the time herein-before for that purpose in default of limited, the printer or publisher of every such advertisement shall Payment > be liable to pay treble the duties herein-before by this act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full costs of suit; and if any and no de-printer, publisher, or proprietor of a newspaper, or other paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, shall, within the time herein- ^news* before limited for payment thereof, neglect to pay the duties papers, hereby charged on advertisements, the said of and their officers for distributing vellum, paper, and parchment respectively are hereby prohibited to fell and deliver to or for the use of such printer, publisher, or proprietor, any stamped paper for printing any newspaper upon, until such printer, publisher, or proprietor so in arrear shall have paid and discharged all arrears! of advertisement-duty, to the payment of which he was subject, up, to, and for the last day of the month next preceding the month in which such payment shall be "made.

Bonds to be entered into for duty on advertisements in newspapers.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no printer, or other person or persons, shall, after the passing of this act, publifti in Ireland any newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, unless he, she, or they, together with the proprietor or proprietors of such paper, and together with two sufficient Sureties, shall, previous thereto, have entered into security by bond, in a sum not exceeding three hundred pounds, nor less than two hundred pounds, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditioned for the payment of the duty upon all advertisements which shall be printed therein, upon pain that every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and that no officer appointed for be delivered distributing vellum, parchment, or paper in Ireland, shall fell or without fecu- deliver any damped paper for printing any publick newspaper, rity for duty intelligeneer, or occurreneer, to any person, unless such person on adver- shall have previously given such security fof the payment of the said duties.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the materials and utensils for printing, used in and kept at or belonging to any printing-house in Ireland, in which any newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper as aforesaid, hath been or shall be printed, into whose hands soever the same shall have come, or shall come, or by whatsoever conveyance or title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the first place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with, all and every such sum and sums of money as shall have become due for the duty by this or any former act of parliament charged on advertisements which have been or shall be printed or published in such newspaper or other paper as aforesaid, and as shall be due for fines or penalties adjudged against the printer or printers, publisher or publishers, pro* prietor or proprietors of such newspaper, under and by

Stamped

tisements,

Printing materials liable to duty on advertisements.

virtue of this act, during such time as such materials or

or kept at

in.

utensils shall have belonged, or been used such printing-house as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful in aQ cases to levy such sum and sums of money upon such materials and utensils, in like manner as if the printer or printers of such newspaper or other paper as aforesaid*were the proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils

at the time of levying the same.

Penalty on^LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where tied to recrive any P^011 or persons who is or are, or shall be entitled to stamped paper obtain from the said of of (lamps in Ireland, or for newspa- their officers, stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper pers, &c. fur- or other paper aforesaid, of which he, she, or they is, are, or shall therewith*1618 Pnnter or printers, publisher or publishers, proprietor or 100l.9proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other person or persons

with any such damped paper, every such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds Irlfb currency; and if any person or wuu piiuv, persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the printing &c. on paper of any newspaper or other paper as aforesaid, which he or

(he,

Like penalty on persons who print.

1803.] Anno o regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 57

(he, or they, shall receive or be furnished with by any other not received person or persons than the said commissioners of stamps in tr0m lfl€ Ireland, or their officers or distributors, every such peribft. fiSaare.*' shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds Irish currency.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Cornmif-the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred (ioners may and three, no person or persons shall keep any printing-pr^fs or types for printing in Ireland, without first taking out a printing- 5 licence for that purpose from the said of of stamp- preffesto duties; and that from and immediately after the passing of persons who this act, and from thenceforth as often as they shall be applied to, the said of for the time being, or any one or > more of them, shall, under their hands and Teals, or hand and seal, grant such licence for keeping printing-presses or types, to such person or persons who shall apply for the same, and who shall have performed the requisites which shall by any person8 wllo law then in force in Ireland be necessary to be performed; £eep or which licences shall state the house where such prefles or types preiTes with-are to be used; and every person or persons who shall keep or out licences use a printing-press or types for printing, without having obtained such licence, shall forfeit such printing-press and types, and the sum of one hundred pounds Irish currency. and 100l.*

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from the said persons in-twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and Turing houses three, no person or persons shall, at any time either publickly or or ship privately, insure or open or keep any office in Ireland for f^ali tSe out insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandize, or other ijcence# property, from loss by fire, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandize, from the danger of the seas or other perils at sea, or for insuring any life or lives, without having first taken out, and annually continuing to take out, a licence for that purpose, from the said of for managing the stamp-duties in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned, and having such licence in force at the time of making such insurance, or opening or keeping such office.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and imme- Commis-diately after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand ri0^fu°h eight hundred and three, the said of of the stamp- j^ence. duties in Ireland for the time being, or any one of them, shall, under their hands and seals, or under his hand and seal, ' annually grant a licence for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandize, or other property, from loss by fire, and also for insuring goods, wares, or merchandize, from the danger of the seas or other perils at sea, and also for insuring any life or lives, to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the same; which licence shall set forth the name or names, and other description of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the same; and also the principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furnituie, goods, wares, and

merchandize,

merchandize, or other property, from loss by fire, or of insuring goods, wares, or merchandize, from the danger of the Teas or other perils at sea, or of insuring any life or lives, Ihal), at the time of taking out such licence, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons, taking out the same.

When there LXXIII.sAnd be it further enacted, That where such are more than business of insuring is or shall be carried on by a company ners the" consisting of a greater number of partners than four, the

licence shall licence so to be granted by the said of, or any of

be granted to them, in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or any two of more or each company or partners, as and for the whole

them. company or partnership, as shall be named to the said commifi-

sioners under authority from such company or partnership; and in every such case the licence so granted shall continue in full force for the benefit of such partnership, until the regular time of expiration thereof hereafter mentioned, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such licence shall be so granted.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who now do or hereafter shall insure, or set up, or keep in Ireland, any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandize, or other property from loss by fire; or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandize, from the dangers of

Penalty on persons in fur ing without taking out licence,

50l. per day, and double

iiiiui Jug guuus, vvoiva, Vi tiici nuui int uangtia ui

reccwedmUm8 kas or other Per, ls at sea»or for insuring any life or lives, without such licence as aforesaid, or in any other house or place, except the house or place to be named in such licence as aforesaid, or such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be subordinate to the house or place so to be named in such licence, and be kept by some person or persons employed as agent or agents to such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons having such licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such licence, or to the intent and meaning of this a#, shall forfeit, for every day on which such offence shall be committed, the sum of fifty pounds; and also double the amount of the premiums or premium of insurance which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons, shall receive on any such day.

LXXV. And\ for the more effectual prevention of frauds, t§ evade the duty on insurance against loss by firey or from the danger of the seas or other perils at Jea, or on insurances on any life or lives, be it further enacted, That if any person or persons in Ireland shall act as agenj or agents for any person

_ ..... or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, in publickly

any insurance or privately insuring or receiving subscriptions for insuring, company not or delivering out policies or receipts for insurance from loss licensed, 100A by fire> or frorn the danger of the seas or other perils at sea, or on any life or lives, except for such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, as shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds Irish currency.

Penalty on person 8 acting as agents for

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 59

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons to person and persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, jyhom such to whom any such licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall, Jj^nted at the time of receiving such licence, give such security with shall give sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said of security. of stamps in Ireland, or any one or more of them, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sums as the said Commissioners, or any one or more of them may think reasonable, so as the same do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons respectively, for half a year, with'condition, that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign, and deliver an account of all money received, as herein after directed, for such duties upon insurances, and well and truly make payment of all such sums of money, as shall be due and payable thereon, in pursuance and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and also do and shall truly and faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters, and things in this act contained on his, her, or their behalf, to be observed and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise shall remain /

in full force.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons grant-person and persons, body or bodies politick and corporate, ing policies so to be licensed, who, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, shall grant anyhc duty*V&c. policy of insurance, for insuring property from loss by fire, or from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, or on any life or lives, or shall continue to insure on any policy, shall, by themselves, 'or such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by or underjfthem, previous to (he granting or continuing such policy of inmrance, demand and receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person and persons, whose property shall be so insured, one year's duty on such insurance; and if such insurance shall be for a longer space of time than for one year, then such insurer or insurers shall in like manner demand and receive the duty payable on so many years as shall be contained therein; and if there shall be any'fraction of a year therein beyond one year, then such fraction shall be paid for in proportion to the rate for one whole year, and such insurer shall give a receipt for the duty so paid as and for one or more year's duty, together with such fraction of duty on such insurance, from the day of the date of the policy thereof; and in default of receiving such duty in manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the said duty, as if the same had actually been received. A pr0p0r-

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in tionable case of taking out a new policy of insurance, before the ex- abatement of piration of an old policy, for the fake of inluring a greater or ^7 a

different new p0ijCy.

*6o Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

different sura, the same proportionable abatement, which the insurer or insurers shall make in respect to the premium of insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on such new policy so taken out before the expiration of ai> old policy.

No pdicy 00

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no policy of be made for insurance upon any (h*P> or uP°n any (bare or interest therein, longer than shall be made for a certain term longer than twelve calendar a year. months; and every policy which shall be made for any longer term shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

An account

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the the num£r°of body and bodies politick and corporate, or other person or policiesissued, persons, who under this act shall obtain a licence for any office to whom, for of insurance, or who shall receive or take any premium for what time, insurance against loss by fire, or the danger of the seas, or other

fum&c7hat per*k at or any or'vcs* ^all l*mc to time ^ceP a

9*true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inferred

the number of every policy or instrument of insurance which, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, with the name or names of the person or persons insuring, and the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured, and a!so the day of the month, and the date of the To be in- year in which such policy shall be issued; which account shall spefted by at- au times be open for the inspection of any person or persons duly authorised under the hands and seals, or under the hand and seal of one or more of the said of for stamp-duties in Ireland, to inspect the same*

Persons so

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the licensed shall, body and bodies politick and corporate, and other person and months^ter Per^ns who shall have any licence under this act, for any each quarter, insurance-office, shall from time to time, within the space of deliver copies two months after every twenty-fourth day of twenty-

of accounts, ninth day of September, twenty-fifth day of December and twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year one thousand eight hundred and three, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two months as may be appointed by the major part of the commissioners of the (tamp-duties in Ireland, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days or more by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver and cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them, or any one of them, to receive the same, at the head office of the said of, true copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance-office or offices, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter which shall have been com-and pav fum$ P^etec* next before such day of delivery or notice, as the case due, ^shall be, and at the same time shall pay all such sum and sums '*as

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2t. 61

as shall appear to be due on fudi accounts, to the receiver- Penalty 500l. general for the time being, for receiving the said duties, at the douWe said head*office, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such defaultau in delivering such copies of the said accounts, the sum of five hundred pounds5 and for every such default in payment of the money due on the said accounts, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of such default.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the receiver-general Persons so of the stamp-duties, at the head office, or other person or persons duly appointed by the said of, or any in tl)e p^nd* one of them, to receive the said duties upon insurance against for money loss by fire, or the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, or duly icon life or lives, shall make an allowance to all and every person counted for* and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate so to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, for their own use, for their care and trouble in receiving the said duties, and making out such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one shilling in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, according to the directions herein contained.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every deed, What ftnll instrument, note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, be deemed for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or on the loss of any ship or vessel, goods, monies, or effects; or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whatsoever; or for or upon any life or lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of insurance within the meaning of this act.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and None to act immediately after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thou- ^or^ries sand eight hundred and three, the said of of (lamp- without* duties in Ireland for the time being, or any of them, may under licence, his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, grant a licence to penalty 100L any person or persons duly qualified, to enable him to act as a publick notary; and that no person shall act as a publick notary in Ireland without having taken out such licence for the purpose; and that any person who shall act as a publick notary in Ireland without having obtained such licence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXV. And whereas it is and hath been the custom for publick notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not to protest the same in proper form of law, by which the payment of the duties upon such noting or notarial alls has been and may be evaded$ for remedy whereof be it Publick nota-enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of ries shall every March one thousand eight hundred and three, every publick months notary in Ireland shall once in every two months deliver or accoun^upon cause to be delivered to the said commissioners of stamp-duties oath of all in Ireland, at the head office in Dublin, or to same person bills of ex-authorised by them, or any one of them, tp receive the same there, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of by cm*

and shall pay as. 6d. for each.

Penalty 500l. and double duty.

Licences to be in force

March 25 next ensuing,

62 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which shall have been noted by such publick notary since the last preceding account which shall have been so delivered by the said publick notary, or if no such account shall have been so delivered by him, then Cnee the obtaining of his licence; and shall at the same time pay unto the receiver-general of the stamp-duties the Aim of two shillings and six-pence for every such bill of exchange which shall have been so noted by him, over and above the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon protesting the same bill or bills, in case the owner or owners, holder or holders thereof, shall at any time thereafter think proper to protest the same; and in case any publick notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every such publick notary shall, for every such neglect or default in delivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds \ and for every default of payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the money due on such account, at the time of such default.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That every licence to be taken out under this act shall have force from the day of o^antine^ 8rant*n8 l^e fame> or from such day subsequent thereto as shall themTo nS be mentioned in the said licence, unto and until the twenty-fifth day of March next following the day on which the said licence shall so begin to have force, and no longer, unless herein or otherwise particularly directed; but if such licence shall be granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them shall die before such twenty-fifth day of March next following, nevertheless such licence shall continue in force during the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the survivors or survivor of the persons licensed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no licence to be granted to any person or persons to keep a lottery-office in Ireland, or to deal there in any British or Irish lottery, shall continue longer than until the expiration of ten days after the end of the drawing of the lottery, which shall begin to be drawn next after the granting such licence $ any law to the contrary notwithstandingt Monies arising

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a separate on licences to and distinct account of all monies arising from the duties on Sffices0t&c7 licences to keep lottery-offices shall be kept by the several proper how applied, officers, and the same, or a sufficient part thereof, shall be paid and applied to defray the charges and expences of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in Ireland, in such a manner as the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor of Ireland Sot the time being, shall direct, and that the residue, if any, shall be applied towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said com-f the moiet m*oners stamp-duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a of money 16^distinct account of one half or moiety of the money arising from arising from the respective duties of twenty pounds in the said schedule (A.)

mentioned.

Licence for lottery-office to continue till xo days after end of drawing of lottery licensed for.

Distinct accounts kept

1803O Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.zi. 63

mentioned, on the admission of any student into the society of the duty on king's inns, and on the admission of airy barrister into the inns of admission of court, and of the whole of the duty of seven pounds in the said the whole of schedule mentioned, upon each part of indentures binding an the duty on apprentice to an attorney; and that the receiver-general of the attornies' duties hereby granted shall pay the same at the receipt of his indentures. Majesty's exchequer, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasuryi or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause the same to be paid to the treasurer of the said society, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said society*

XC. And be it further enacted, That every person to be No attorney sworn or admitted an attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of or solicitor law, or any court of record whatsoever, in Ireland, or a solicitorto fwor? of the court of chancery in Ireland, shall, previous to such ad-^rtl" million into every such court, produce to the proper officer to produced of whon^he shall apply to be admitted an attorney or solicitor as payment of aforesaid, a certificate signed under the hand or hands of some temp-duties, of his Majesty's officers appointed to receive the stamp-duties, stating that such person has paid the duty by this act made payable on such admission; which certificate shall be lodged with such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody, to be examined by the said of for managing the stamp-duties, or any officer by them appointed, at any time they shall think fit; and that froifi and after the Apprentices passing of this act, every person who shall be bound an appren- to lodge tice to an attorney in Ireland shall also obtain a written certi- CCI^€S ficate from some of his Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of his having paid the duty by this act made payable on such indentures of apprenticeship, which certificate shall be lodged with the proper officer of the court in which such indentures shall be enrolled, or to which the matter of such apprentice shall belong; and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and keep such certificate, so that the same may and shall be produced and read in open court on the admission of every such attorney in Ireland, and produced to a matter of the court of chancery in Ireland on the admission of every such solicitor of that court, before he shall be admitted and sworn an attorney or solicitor respectively as aforesaid; and that no person shall be capable of practising as an Not capable attorney or solicitor respectively in Ireland, or of recovering any of practising bill of costs due to him as an attorney or solicitor there, unless un.^s duties he shall have paid the stamp-duties hereby imposed upon him* when bound an apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or solicitor, at oY previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid; and it is the meaning and intention of this act, that no person be admitted an attorney into any court in Five yearsap-Ireland, unless such person shall have served his regular time or 2l^clhlp apprenticeship of five years to a practising attorney of the said served. courts.

XCI. And,

64 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

XCI. And^ to prevent committing frauds in respect of the duty Attorney to payable on the admission of attornies into courts, be it enacted, That pra&tfe m no attorney shall pra<*|ifo in his own name, or in the name of only in which any other attorney, in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or in actually any court of record whatsoever, in Ireland^ in which attornies sworn. are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which he

v shall actually have been admitted and sworn an attorney, on pain of the person so practising being rendered incapable of being sworn or practising as an attorney-in any court of law in Ireland; and every attorney who shall so practise in any court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the costs of any proceedings carried on by him in any court.

No declan- XCII. And be it further enacted, That no declaration or tion, plea, 'or plea or demurrer, in any action or suit at law in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Ireland, nor any bill or answer, fwer, See. P^ea or demurrer, in any court of equity in Ireland, shall be to be filed, received or filed, unless the attorney or solicitor tendering the unless the same to be filed, shall, at the time he shall so tender the same to d ofitliis 1 l^e °cer of t^e court with whom the same ought to be filed, warrant with deposit with such officer the warrant empowering him to prose-the officer. cute or defend such suit or action, which warrant such officer shall, without fee or reward, file and keep in his officej and if Penalty on any officer of any such court shall receive any of such pleadings officer 10l. without such warrant being so deposited with him, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds to any person who shall sue for the same $k any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

On affidavit XCIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the that plaintiff party, for whose benefit the said suit is prosecuted or defended,

landUtandIre* 0Ut ^ie attorney or solicitor so prosecuting or

payingduty, defending the same shall be received so to do upon making an - " affidavit before the said officer, which affidavit the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, that his client is out of Ireland, and that the delay would be injurious: and on paying the duty payable on warrants of attorney, of which the said officer is hereby directed to keep an account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper officer for receiving the stamp-duties imposed by this act.

Not to extend XCIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing to certain pro* herein contained shall extend to any proceeding to judgement by cognovit aSionem on any bond or bill, or to the entering (atis-faction on any judgement or recognizance.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That, after the passing of this'ad, all attornies, solicitors, or other persons in Ireland* mall make their charges upon their clients or employers for engrossing bills, answers, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the bills, answers, known or usual rates for every (kin, according to the number of and other skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any attorney, solicitor, or other person shall for writing or en-shall not b?C gro8*ng one (kin of parchment only charge any client or em-payable by ployer for double or treble skins, pr for more than one (kin,

making

attorney shall be received.

ceedings.

How attornies, solicitors, See. are to charge for engrossing

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 65

making the charge by the sheet, or in any other manner than by the client; the skin, under pretence of having inserted in such one skin °ff"rdfi^nafy parchment a greater number of (beets than twenty, or under f°, ce l0£- any other pretence what foe ver, such charge shall not be payable second of by the client; and further, that every attorney, solicitor, or fence50l. other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of ten pounds, and treWccofte. for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred poundwS, with treble costs of fuk.

XCVI. And be it further en^ded, That where any bill of

costs in any cause in his Majesty's courts of chancery or exche- chanc<?ry oV" quer in Ireland, in which there shall be any charge or charges exchequer, for drawing or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, charges fot or other pleadings in the said courts respectively, which shall be drawing and engrossed or written, or filed in either of the said courts, shall be taxed, the officer, who shall respectively tax such bills of costs, by the ikin, shall tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills and and not by answers, add other pleadings, at the usual charge by the skin, the according to the number of skins actually contained in such pleacting, and not according to the number of sheets or words contained in such skin, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and such officer, if the bill of costs to be taxed be in If in chancery a cause in the court of chancery, shall signify, at the foot of such °h/^, Cc<j.Uclr, bill of costs, that the number of skins contained in the pleadinys n^vy, mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the master, or &*. as herein, keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his deputy; and if such bill of costs be in a cause in the courbof exchequer, the officer, who shall tax the same, shall signify, at the foot of such bill, that he hath inspected the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of costs; and in case such Penalty on officer respectively, who shall tax such bills of costs as aforesaid, officers for shall: neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such negle<^> certificate as aforesaid, or to insped the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of costs, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the charges for drawing and engrafting such bills, answers, or other pleadings in manner herein*directed, every such officer, so neglecting or refusing respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such neglect or refusal the sum of ten pounds; and in case the master, or keeper or keepers, of the Pen*by °n rolls of the court of chancery, or his or their deputy, shall neg- rosis rchifing led or refuse to insped and certify the number of skins contained to insped and in such pleadings as aforesaid to the proper officer of such court, certify, 10/* upon being applied to by him for the purpose aforesaid, such master, or keeper or keepers, of the rolls, or his or their deputy, shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds; which said several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion by order of the said courts of chancery or exchequer, upon complaint made to theixlv respectively against any officer who shall be guilty of any such Vol. XLIV. F neglect

66 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1805.

neglect or refusal, and shall enure to his Majesty, his heirs and

successors.

Not to extend to 1 efs than two lkins.

Records, writs, 8cc. shall be engrossed as usual, save as herein.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bill, answer, or other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity or number of (heets to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in every (kin according to the number of (heets above specified.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings in the courts of law and equity in Ireland, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they have usually been accustomed to be written, save as herein otherwise mentioned.

Process to enforce appearance or answers to be engrossed on paper,

&c. damped with duty, or officer shall forfeit 10l.

How records XCIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the shall be copied passing of this act, every record or transcript of records, to be chamber?0*" brought into the Pfcfent court of exchequer-chamber, shall, when copied for the judges or others, be copied in like manner as in the former court of exchequer-chamber, and be subject to the duties in schedule (A.), hereunto annexed for that purpose mentioned.

C. And be it further enacted, That all process, which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the appearance or appearances of any defendant or defendants in any court of law or equity in Ireland, or to enforce the answer or answers of any defendant or defendants in any court of equity in Ireland shall be absolutely engrossed and made out upon vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with the duty charged by this act upon such process; and in case the officer or officers* who shall enter or cause such process to be entered as aforesaid, shall negldt to have such process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall, for every such neglect, forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds; which sum shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion by order of the court in which such process shall be entered. s

Cl. And, > for correcting abuses committed by arresting per fans without any writ or legal process to jujlify the fame % by means whereof the payment of the duty by this act granted upon such process may be evacted, be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and three, every officer or clerk belonging or that shall hereafter belong to the court of king's bench, court of common pleas, or court of exchequer in Ireland, who shall sign any writ or process before judgement to arrest any person or persons thereupon, (hal), at the time, of.signing thereof, set down upon such writ or process the day and

down^he day year ^Snino the fame> which shall be entered upon the re-and year, 7 membrance-roll, or in the book wherein the abstract of such writ to be entered or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten upon the pounds for every offence or negleli of such officer or clerk as

remembrance- j J

Officer or clerk who shall sign any writ or process before judgement to arrest any person, shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 2l..67

Ctt. And be it further enacted, That every copy of every Manner of affidavit which shall be read in any court whatever, in Ireland, cn?I?ng or shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the quantity of writing contained in any one fhcet or piece of paper shall not be deemed more than one (beet, according to the manner in Which the officers of the courts in which such affidavit shall be respectively filed charge by the sheet for such affidavit; and If any officer of any court shall charge or demand, for the quantity Penalty 101 of writing contained in any one sheet or piece of paper on which any copy of such affidavit shall be written, more than the fees to which he should be entitled for one sheet, according to the course of the court in which such affidavit shall be filed, he shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of suit, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

CIII. And, to prevent frauds which might he committed by writing such copies upon both Jides of any Sheet or piece of paper; be it enacted, That where more than one side or page of any sheet Each stamped of paper shall be stamped or marked with the duties by this act side of copy v charged on paper on which such copy of art affidavit shall be written, each side or page so marked or stamped shall be deemed sheet." a separate {heet or piece of paper within the intent and meaning of this act.

CIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That none of the Not to extend rates, duties, or sums of money imposed by this act, shall be^actions, raised, levied, or paid or be payable by virtue of this act by any pauperis?1 m person or persons who shall be admitted to sue, or defend in V forma pauperis, so far as relates to the suit in which he, she, or they shall be so admitted to sue or defend.

CV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any Warrants clause herein contained, shall not be construed to charge with an, l recogni-any duty any warrant made by, or a recognizance taken before, .^or any justice or justices of the peace, or any proceeding of any j[ers> court-martial; but such warrants, recognizances, and pro- proceedings ceefsing, ^shall be and are hereby declared to be exempted from of courts-the payment of any of the duties imposed by this act. wmnLd

CV1. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge the probate of any will or of feamati or letters of administration of any common seaman or soldier, who soldier not shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being to be charged, produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of >the troop or company under whom such seaman or soldier served at the time of his death, of the truth Whereof an oath (or if by a quaker a solemn affirmation) shall be made before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted; which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorised and required to administer without fee or reward.

CVIf. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act shall Statutes, pro-not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid any act °^exempted parliament, proclamation, order of council, form of prayer and from duty.

F 2 thanks-

68 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c*2l.

[1803.

thankfgivfng, or any act of slate which shall be ordered by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or by the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland, for the time being, to be printed, or printed votes or other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either house of parliament, any books commonly used in any of the schools of Inland^ or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any advertisement published by the trustees of hospitals relative to the business of such hospitals, or any single advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, so as such daily accounts or such bills of goods imported or exported do contaift no other matter than accounts of goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and the particulars relating to such exports and imports, and so as the same be printed and published by such officer or officers as shall be authorised thereto by the lord-lieu« tenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being; any thing herein-contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, printed or published by any other person or persons except such officer or officers authorised as aforesaid, whether printed of published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, or published as accounts or abstracts of accounts, or in any other manner whatsoever, shall be and are hereby deemed to be daily accounts or bills of goods imported and exported, and subject to the duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of days' accounts of imports or exports contained therein; that is to say, the sum of one penny for every day's account or abstract of every day's account of imports or exports which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

Books of cor- CIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing

porate bodies herein-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to excepted. subject the books of any corporate body to any damp or duty whatsoever.

Bills of par- CX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any

eels not to be thing herein-contained, shall not extend to charge any accounts, bills of pareels, or bills of fees.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing between the captain, matter, or owner of any ship or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person in respect of the freight or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandize, or effects, laden or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter-party within the meaning of this act.

CXII..^nd be it further enacted, That bonds or obligations, commonly called Kirry Bills, shall be considered as bonds conditioned for payment of money*

CXIII.Pro-

Accounts of goods imported and exported printed by »any person not authorised, shall p*y duty.

charged.

What shall be deemed a charter-party.

Kerry Bills shall be deemed bond9.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 69

CXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing No more than herein-contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pa^on^rant charge any grant of any office or employment which shall be of of office of the value of two hundred pounds per annum, with a duty of 200l. a year, more than twenty pounds in the whole; and a further duty of and 5l. on five pounds upon every such grant for every one hundred pounds wo/* exceeding two hundred pounds annum, notwithstanding that*

any such grant or grants shall be written on more than one (kin of parchment,

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole sum for Whole sum which any receipt shall be given in Ireland shall be really expressed in such receipt; and all persons who shall give or cause J?^clpUm to be given in Ireland any receipt or other discharge, in which a less sum shall be expressed than the sum actually received, with an intent to evade any of the duties imposed by this act, or shall divide or cause to be divided the sum actually paid in divers receipts, or shall by any general acknowledgement or use of the words "settled by cash,* or such like, or any word or words, or by any means, endeavour to evadfe any of the duties hereby Penalty on granted on receipts, or be guilty of or eoncerned in any fraudu- evading duty lent contrivance whatever to evade any of the said duties, such on-receipts person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, 2o/# forfeit twenty pounds.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That all receipts expressed All acknow. to be in full, or as a fati$fa<ftion of all demands, and all general ledgtmenu acknowledgements of debts or demands being discharged or wherem turn

O D O Cfl Vt^u lfl

settled, and all bills or accounts signed by any feller of goods, nor specified or any person for him or her, and delivered to the purchaser liable to is. thereof, wherein the sum really received shall not be bond side duty, specified, shall be liable to a duty of two shillings.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all undamped Undamped receipts not amounting to two pounds, and which shall by the r^eipts under insertion of the words w in full of all demands, '* or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgement of all debts being discharged, maybe given in evidence, and may be available in law, for such sum so expressed therein, but not as a general acknowledgement of all the debts being discharged; and that all receipts receipts, with impressed with a stamp of two-pence, in which any money amounting to two pounds, and n^t amounting to twenty pounds,4qs- shall be expressed, and which shall.by insertion of the words, and 10l.

" in full of all demands/* or otherwise, be given as a general available for acknowledgement of all debts being discharged, may be given exPIcfl^ in evidence, and may be available for futfi sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgement of all debts being discharged.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the duties by this Who shall charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, drafts, orders, shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same; receipts.^and that the duty on receipts shall be paid by the person by whom the same shall be given, as well by landlords as by all other persons.

7© Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

ol penalty C^VIII. Provided always, That every person receiving on refusing to money in Inland who shall upon demand refuse to give a receipt g v a reccip.t^e fa|nej shall forfeit the sum orf twenty pounds.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall in Ireland write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, or any receipt or other discharge for the payment of money, liable to any starpp-duty charged by this act, without being first {lamped with the due and proper (lamp, shall for every such bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, order, or receipt, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person in Ireland in the employment of another or others, shall, in the name of or for the use of his employer or employers, or in his own or any other name, or for the use of his feid employer or em*> fidered as the ployers, give any receipt or other discharge in which a less sum act of princi- shall be expressed than the sum actually received, with an intent party^uaHy to evac*e any^duties imposed by this act, or divide the sum signing shall'actually paid in divers receipts, or by any general acknowledge-- ment or use of the words u settled by cash, " or such like, or by any word or words or by any means endeavour to evade any of the duties hereby granted on receipts, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, it shall be considered as the act of the person or persons in whose employment the person so offending shall be; and the clerk or other person fb committing any of the offences herein-befofe mentioned, upon being convicted thereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and be punished in such a manner as the court before whom he or she shall be tried shall think fit.

Penalty on writing or signing any unftaraped bill, note, or receipt, 20l.

Unstamped receipts signed by servants, Sec. shall be con-

be guilty of a mifde-meanour.

Receipts For drawbacks, See. not chargeable.

Stock re* ceipts, &c. shall not he liable to duty.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall charge any receipt given for drawbacks or bounties on the exportation of any goods from Ireland, or any other bounties payable in Ireland pursuant to act of parliament, on any goods whatsoever, or on any certificate of over-entry of any duties of customs, nor to any portage-bills allowed to mailers of vessels for making a true report of thei/ cargoes at any custom^ house in Ireland, or promissory note for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings to be passed for tythes.

CXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act respecting the duty on receipts shall charge any receipt j for any money paid into the bank oi Ireland^ or the house of any banker in Ireland, nor any receipt or other discharge given for the purchase of any flock or fund in the bank of Ireland* or for any money payable on the government funds in Ireland established by parliament, or on any other flock or fund as aforesaid, nor any receipt given on the back of any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promiflbrv or other note, nor any receipt cm any bank note or bank post bill, nor any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bill, note, or remittance, nor any receipt in* clorfed on or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage,

' or

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. 71

or other obligatory instrument by this act directed to be damped, nor any release or acquittance by deed, nor any receipt given by any agent for money on account of the pay of the navy, army or ordnance, nor any receipt given by any officer or Teaman, or soldier, or their representatives, for wages or other monies due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance, nor any receipt given by any officer of the exchequer or revenue for'money received on account of any duty, tax, rent, or other sum. paid for the use of his Majesty.

CXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in Duty payable this act contained shall extend or be. construed to charge or af- by "gdtered fest any bank note, or bank post bill, which shall be issued for ^kshWre-any sum less than fifty pounds by any banker or bankers who land on bank shall have registered his or their name or names and firm in notes or port manner herein -after directed, or, which shall be issued by the bd.1* dlued for governor and company of the bank of Ireland, with any greater ^1D5°*or higher duty than as follows; that is to say, for each and every such bank note or bank post bill, where the sum expressed therein shall not amount to five pounds, the sum of one penny? under halfpenny; where the sum expressed therein shall amount to

five pounds, and shall not amount to ten pounds, the sum of under 10l. three-pence; and where the sum expressed therein shall amount 4d 10/ and to ten pounds, and shall not amount to fifty pounds, the sum of under jc/. four-pence.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That all bank notes, and bank Notes, &c. post bills, which shall be issued by the governor and company of ?reUnd from the bank of Ireland, from and after the twenty-fifth day of^jHlC|125t March, one thousand eight hundred and three, whether for fifty 180;, shall be pounds, or any greater or lesser sum, shall be exempt from the exempted, duties hereby charged thereon respectively for one whole year, com^nfation and so from every twenty-fifth day of March*, for one whole to treasury. year next following, provided the governor and company of the said bank shall, on each and every of the said twenty-fifth days of March respectively, have paid into his Majesty's treasury in Ireland such sum of money as shall have been from time to time agreed upon, by and between the said governor and company and the lord high treasurer of Ireland, or tfig of for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland\ as a compensation for, and to be in lieu of, and in full satisfaction for all stamp-duties, payable upon all notes and bills to be issued by tke said bank, during the year then next ensuing respectively.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That all bank notes and Notes, Scc. bank post bills which shall be issued by any other bank or byrf* bankers in Ireland, as well those issued for sums under fifty Exempt pounds as those issued for that sum, or for any larger sum, shall from duty on be. exempt from the duties hereby charged thereon respectively, payment of for and during such portion, part and parts of each year, com- compenia-mencing on every twenty-fifth day of March, for which suchtion# bank or bankers respectively shall have previously agreed with the lord high treasurer of Ireland, or the.of for executing,

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. ' [1803.

ecuting the office oflord high treasurer of Ireland, provided such bank or bankers shall have previously registered the firm of such bank, or the name or names of such bankers, with the said lord high treasurer, or of for executing the office of Jord high treasurer; and provided that such bank or bankers respectively shall have previously paid into his Majesty's treasury in Ireland such sum or sums of money as shall or may have been from time to time agreed upon by and between the said bank or bankers, and the said lord high treasurer, or of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, as a compensation for and to be in lieu of, and in full satisfaction forv all stamp-duties payable on all the notes and bills to be issued by such bank or bankers respectively, during such portion and portions* part and parts of the said respective years,

Person*re- CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all persons regis-bankers to tcr*nE themselves as bankers, for the purpose herein-before men-be consideredioned, shall to all intents and purposes be considered as bankers, as such. within the meaning of the laws now in force in Ireland.

Drafts on CXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the duties demand on by this act imposed on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and within^io drafts or orders for payment of money, shall not be charged on miles not any draft or order for the payment of money on demand, pay-

charged. able to bearer, drawn upon any bank or banker, or person add-

ing as a banker, within ten miles of the place where such draft or order shall be actually drawn and issued.

Recovery and CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties application and forfeitures imposed by this act may be recovered by any of penalties. person who shall sue for the same, save where the contrary is % hereby particularly directed; and that where no other mode of proceeding is herein-before particularly directed, every such penalty may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or tn«r formation in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, in which no cflbign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance mall be allowed; and that every such penalty, not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds, may be recovered by civil bill, in any part of Ireland, in the court of proper jurisdiction 5 and that every such penalty not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied shall belong, or.e moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same. Mo"n7 CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful wLre penalty ft>r any justice of the peace of the county, and residing negr the not exceeding place in Ireland where the offence shall be committed, to hear toL and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the

offender or offenders to any penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; and such justice of the peace is upon any information or complaint hereby authorised and empowered to summon the party so accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the fact; and upon proof thereof made either by the confession of the person or persons committing such offence, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgement for inch penalty, and to issue his warrant under his

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73

hand and seal for levying such penalty on the goods of fudi of- Penaltylevicd

fender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall kj*

not be redeemed within six days, and rendering to the party the *

overplus, if any; and where goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such penalry, such justice of the peace is hereby authorised and empowered to commit such offender or offenders to

prison for such time as he shall judge to be proper, not less th/m

one month, nor more than three months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid;

[Justice* may*

and it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace, where he shall see cause, to mitigate such penalties,

{costs of the officers and informers to be assessed by such justice p being always allowed above such mitigation), and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety above the said costs; and if any person or persons shall find himself Appeal to or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of such justice of the quarter (ef-peace, then and in such case he, she, or they, upon giving fecu- "on8* rity to the amount of the penalty, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, may appeal to the justices at the next general quarter sessions of the f county or district in which such offence shall have been committed, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, of which appeal notice in Notice to writing shall be given to the prosecutor or prosecutors ten days prosecutor. previous to the first day of such quarter sessions; and such juf-jices shall summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice of the peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices as aforesaid to award the person or persons so appealing to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet; and no certiorari shall in any case be granted, to examine or remove any such determination'or conviction either before or after such appeal.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty on persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give tnc*!* evidence before such justice of the peace, or before the said ^en[!fs justices at the sections, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, such being paid), witness or witnesses' expences being first paid or tendered, with- without ex-out a reasonable excuse, to be allowed by such justice of the cJ^e flowed,

Seace or justices at sections respectively, or upon appearing, 5*lall refuse to be examined upon oath, or give evidence before such justice of the peace, or justices at sessions respectively; and shall not make reasonable excuse for such refusal, to be allowed by such justice of the peace, or justices at the sessions respectively; then such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; the same to be levied in such manner as is herein after directed.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every such conviction by such justice of the peace shall be in the form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis and that such form of conviction shall be deemed legal; (that is to say),

4 County

74 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1805.

Form of Con-County of 7 TIE* rcnein^r(^ that on the

viction. to wit, J JD day of in the year of

our Lord at in the countjr aforesaid,

J. B. came before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offence hereafter mentioned was committed, and informed me, that E. F. of on the day of now

last past, did [Here set forth the fast for which the information was laidy] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me, and, having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence, or [as the case may be>] neglected and refused to make any defence against the said charge, but the same was fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness; or [as the case may bef] voluntarily confessed the said charge to be true; or [as the case may bef] did not appear before rae^ pursuant to the said summons, and thereupon it manifestly appeareth to me that the said E. F. is guilty of the said offence, charged upon him in the said information; I do therefore hereby convict him the said E. F* of the offence aforesaid, and do adjudge that he the said E. F. hath for the said offence forfeited the sum of according to the form of the statute.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of

And if the said justice shall fee cause to mitigate the said penalty,

' the words from and do adjudge, " to form of the statute" both inclusive, shall be omitted, and in their place the following words, or some other words to that or the like purport and effect, shall be substituted in their place; (that is to say,) 44 For which he is liable by the statute to a penalty of but I the said justice, having seen cause to mitigate the said penalty, do hereby reduce the same to the sum of over

and above the costs of the officers, and informers, which I do hereby assess to the sum of which sums in all amount

to the sum of and I do hereby adjudge that the said

E. F. hath for his said offence forfeited the said sum last mentioned."

Form of wnr- CXXXII. And be it enacted, That every warrant to be issued rant to ^evX by such justice of the peace for levying any of the said penalties penalty. from tj)e g0<Kjg cf such offender shall be in the form following, or in some other form of words to that or the like effect, which form shall be good and valid, to all intents and purposes; that is to say,

County of ? r 1^0 M. and AT. and each of them, ^and

to wit. $ JL their and each of their assistants: where-

as on the day of now last p ft, E, F. of

was duly convicted before me, a justice of the peace of the a id county, for that he, or (he, on the day of

now last past, at in the said county, did

[here

1803.] Anno i^mquadragesimatertio Georgii IVLc.it.

[benfit iui the offence,] and thereupon I did, according to the powers given to me by the statute, adjudge that the said £. F. had forfeited the sum of I do therefore by

these presents authorise and command you, and each of yon, to take into your possession the goods of the said E. F. or a Efficiency thereof for levying the said sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said goods, in the county aforesaid: and if the said goods shall not be redeemed by the payment of the said sum within six days from the day of taking the same, you art by ipublick sale thereof to levy the said sum of

rendering to the said E. F. the overplus, if any; and the said sum, so levied, you shall bring to me without delay, to be disposed of according to law. Given under my hand and seal this day of

And if goods Efficient cannot he found to answer such penalty, and a warrant shall thereupon be issued for committing such offender or offenders, the same shall be in the same form as the said warrant last mentioned, to the words, 44 I do therefore by Form of war-these presents; " which words, and all from thence to "disposed of according to law, " inclusive, shall be omitted; and this form fender/ following, or some other form of words to that or the like effect, shall be inferred in their place; to wit,

AND whereas I did on the day of issue

\ my warrant to levy the said sum from the goods of the said offender, and such goods could not be found Efficient to answer the said sum; I do therefore hereby authorise and command you and each of you to take the body of the said E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said county, and bring him before me the said C. D.'

And the form of committal, for committing such offender to prison, shall follow the form of such warrant, save only that the direction thereof shall be to the proper gaoler; and that from and after the words 641 do therefore hereby authorise and com-Form of command you, " there shall follow these words, to take into your mitment. custody the body of the said E. F. and him, or her, safely to keep for from the date hereof, unless the said v

sum shall sooner be paid. Given under my hand and seal, this day of .'

And each and every of the said forms, or any other form of words to the like effect respectively, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall Complaint be liable to be convicted before any justice of the peace, for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint shall bem made within twelve months from the time of committing such offence.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or G«rcral persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted

76

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. it.

[1803.

for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any ebuse, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the specia) matter in evidence, for his or Treble cost*. their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be- come nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have»treble tofts awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

Duties and

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the duties in Se^idia0 X^s a* anc* r^c re^Pei^'vc Schedules thereunto annexed, spe-Irish cur- cified, mentioned, and contained, and all penalties on any of-

rency. fences in this actt mentioned* shall he paid and payable, and

received and receivable in Irish currency, whether the same be so expressly mentioned or not.

Act maybe

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act maybe SSSd^tto repea^e<^> altered, varied, or amended in this present session of session. parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULES of the several Duties to be paid in the Current Money of Ireland, on the several and respective Article? therein set forth.

SCHEDULE A.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or

printed, any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the^espective duties following, viz. DUTY.

ARTICLES. £ s. d.

Any patent for an archbishoprick*- IOO 0 0

Any patent for a dukedom - 200 0 0

Any patent for a marquisate - - - 200 0 0

Any patent for an earldom - - 200 0 0

Any patent for a viscount - - I50 0 0

Any patent for a bishoprick - 50 0 0

Any patent for a barony - IOO 0 0

Any patent for a baronetage - 50 0 0

Any grant or letters-patent under the great seal of

Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, fran-

chife, liberty, or privilege, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the same, not hereby otherwise charged (commissions of rebellion in process always exempted) - - - 20 O; o

Any presentation or donation which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any collation

shall

SCHEDULE A. continued.

shall be made by any archbishop or bishop, or any presentatron or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever* of or to-any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds And a further duty upon every such presentation or donation, at the rate of five pounds for every one hundred pounds exceeding the first one hundred pounds a year. The value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop, or vicar-general of the diocese: provided always, that two or more benefices, episcopally united, shall be deemed to be one benefice only.

Any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or matter of the faculties for the time being -

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding fifty pounds, and not exceeding one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding one hundred pounds, and not exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland And a further duty of five pounds on every such grant for every one hundred pounds exceeding two hundred pounds.

Any grant of any annuity, pension, office or employment, which shall be of the value of two hundred pounds per annum -

And a further duty of five pounds upon every such grant for every one hundred pounds per annum exceeding two hundred pounds per annum. Provided no duty shall be charged upon more than one (kin or piece of vellum or parchment on which such last mentioned grant may be engrossed, printed, or written.

Any grant of an escheatorship Any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any clerk, advocate, prodtor, notary, or other officer or officers, in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior'court, wh'ofe office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary,

DUTY.

C x. d.

SOO

25 o o

468

20 O O

20 O O

20 O Q

fees

7*

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

SCHEDULE A, antiwed» duty.

S» dm

fees, and other perquisites; or any appeal /root the court of admiralty, or prerogative court, or any archiepiscopal court - - - io o 0

Any admission of any student into the society of

iting's Inns - 20 O o

Any admission of any barrister into the inns of court 20 o o Any pardon (except the pardons passed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or any other forfeitures - - 4 6 8

Any grant of any land in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great seal of the exchequer, (custodiam leases excepted) -350

Any indenture or other deed for binding an apprentice to an attorney, upon each part of such indentures - 500

And a further duty on each of the said indentures - 700

Any indenture or other deed for binding an apprentice to a notary publick, upon each part of such indentures - - - -500

Any admission of an attorney or prodtor into any court, to be paid upon every admission into any court in which he shall be admitted an attorney or proctor - 300

Any admission of a solicitor into the court of

chancery - 300

Any licence to any person to act as a notary publick 1 2 9

Any commission for taking affidavits that shall be

issued from any court - - - -150

Any exemplification, of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court not hereby otherwise charged - OI50

Any institution that shall pass the seal of aoy arch-bishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or ecclesiastical court, provided that an institution to two or more benefices episcopally united shall be.considered as an institution to a Angle benefice - 200

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine 0 - - 100

Any writ of entry for suffering a common recovery x o o

Any writ of error, certiorari, or appeal (except to

the delegates) - 0 10 o

Any army lift, (except such as shall be published with the approbation of the lord-lieutenant or general-governor of Ireland for the time being) o 10 o Any conveyance, surrender of grants, or offices,

release

SCHEDULE A. continued.

release, or other deeds whatsoever which shall be carolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of record whatsoever, except alignments of judgements Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiraltyr or any attachment (except In suits for recovery of seamen's wages) that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation Df any such attachment Any commission issued out of any ecclesiastical court not herein-before particularly charged Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty (except in suits for recovery of seamen's wages) -

Any probate of a will, or letters 6f administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of the value of one hundred pounds Probates, &c.

If of the value of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three hundred pounds If of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of six hundred pounds If of the value of six hundred pounds, and not of the value of one thousand pounds If of the value of one thousand pounds, and not of the value of two thousand pounds If of the value of two thousand pounds, and not of the value of five thousand pounds If of the value of five thousand pounds, and not of the value of ten thousand pounds And if of the value of ten thousand pounds Except always the probate of any will, or letters of administration of the goods and chattels and effects of any common seaman or soldier who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's service.

Any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of any ecclesiastical court Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or part of a personal estate divided by force of the statute of distributions, the amount whereof shall be of the value of ten pounds, and not of the value of twenty pounds (except such legacies as shall be left to the wife, children, or grand-children of the person making such will or

duty. £ r.

100

on 6

o 10 o 076

076

o 10 o

I 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

6 0 0

8)0 x>

10 0 .0

O-^3

: j

testa-

Annoitgni quadragesimo tertio Gtt>ft0ii III. c«, 2i- [1S03.

SCHEDULE A, continued. duty.

testamentary instrument, or shall be divided among them by force of the said statute)* 1

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of twenty pounds, and not amount* ing to fifty pounds, except as aforesaid -> Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of fifty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one hundred pounds, and not amounting to three hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of three hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thousand pounds^ except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one thousand pounds, and not amounting to two thousand pounds^ except as aforesaid And a further duty of twenty pounds for every one thousand pounds exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, except as aforesaid. Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants or agreement, statute staple, or statute merchant, or entry of record in any court or office, except recognizances on an appeal from any decree or dismiss, made or pronounced by any assistant barrister in their respective counties, or by the recorder of the city of Dublin Any record of ni(i prius, or postea Any custodium under the seal of the exchequer, grounded on an outlawry in any civil action Any marriage-licence to be issued from the court of prerogative, -- Any indenture, lease, release, or deed, not otherwise charged (except indentures of apprenticed^ where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, where such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding apprentice poor parish children, or other children Supported by publick charities or voluntary contributions)

Any charter-party, passport, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, warrant of attorney (except warrants of attorney and letters of attorney hereby otherwise charged), or any other notarial act

£* 050

o 10 o

015 o

2 0 0

4 0 o

10 o o

20 O O

O 10

050

256

050

040

Agy

o 0

£- s. do

0 2 6

1 2 9

5 11 6

0 10 0

0 1 6

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Any petition in any of the superior courts of law or equity -

Any letter of attorney empowering any person to receive rents Any letter of attorney empowering any person to execute leases -

Any admission into any corporation or company Any decree or dismissal made by, or in the court of chancery -

Any decree or dismissal made by, or in the court of

exchequer - O 4 o

Axry special bail to be taken in any of the courts in Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court whatsoever - -019

Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that Qiall be made on such bail - - - 010

Any affidavit (except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise; affidavits relative to criminal prosecutions, to road presentments, or accounting for the publick money; affidavits made for the purpose of registering freeholds, and all affidavits to be made before any Justice or Justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation acting as a justice of the peace; and affidavits to be taken by a magistrate acting in any court of conscience, or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize, or commission of oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions or trials on indictments, or to civil bills, or that Qiall be made for the purpose of raising or accounting for the publick money; and except affidavits made in pursuance of any act: relative to the hempen or linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or before the Dublin society; and except affidavits or affirmations, by this act directed to be made, before one or more of the commissioners for managing stamp-duties, or before a commissioner for taking affidavits with respect to the regulation or management of this act) - - - 016

Any eppy of such affidavit which shall be read in any

court whatsoever - -002

Any original writ, fubpeena, writ of habeas corpus, writ of capias quo minus, writ of dedimus potef-tatem, to take answers, examine witnesses, or Vol. XLIV. Q appoint

82 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

SCHEDULE- A. continued.

appoint guardians, or any other'writ whatsoever; or any other process or mandate that shall issue out of, or pass the seal of, any of the courts in Dublin, or any other court whatsoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value Any entry of any a$ion in the mayor's or (hefriff's courts in the city of Dublin, and in courts of all# corporations, and in all other courts whatsoever, out of which no writ, process, or mandate issued, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above Any rule or order (except in causes prosecuted upon indictments or presentments) made or given in any of the courts in Dublin, eitherxourts of law or equity, which shall be taken out Any copy of such rules or orders, (except in causes prosecuted upon indi&men£$ or presentnfentr), or any copy of any other redord or proceedings in any of the said courts in Dublin not hereby other-wile charged -

Any citation or monition, made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence, or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or the court of admiralty, or any copies of them respectively (except ir« suits for the recovery of Teamen's

wages) -

Any warrant to any attorney or solicitqr to appear for any plaintiff or defendant in any action or suit at law, or in equity, and to prosecute or defend such action or suit, or to confess judgement thereon -

Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum, not amounting to one hundred pounds Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum, amounting to one hundred pounds, and not amounting to two hundred pounds Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum, amounting to two hundred pounds, and not amounting to fi^e hundred pounds Any contract, bortd, or other obligatory instrument, 'conditioned for the payment of any principal sum.

DUTY.

£. s. d.

o I a

o 1

o 1

-01

o 2

- o 2

ft

050

o io- a

amounting

1803.IAnno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21.

1 SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

s.

amounting to five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thousand pounds - -150

Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum amounting to one thousand pounds, and not amounting to two thousand pounds - - J 10 \ O

Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum, amounting to two thousand pounds, and not amounting to five thousand pounds - - - 2 o O

Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum, amounting to five thousand pounds Of upwards 300 Any bond on the exportation of goods or merchandize entitled to bounty, drawback, or allowance of duties - -020

Any other bond not herein-before charged - -026

Amr judgement, under one hundred pounds, which»mall be signed by the matter of any office, or his deputy or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondaryi, deputy, or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power or usually do or shall sign judgements - - - -0 50

Any such judgement, which shall be for one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds 0100 And a further duty of sixpence for every one hundred pounds for which such judgements shall be signed exceeding the ium of two hundred pounds.

Any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, where the sum therein expressed shall not exceed ten pounds (except promissory notes for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings, passed on account of tythes, or for money lent by any society on charitable loan) - 003

Bills of exchange, &c.

Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed ten

pounds, and shall not exceed thirty pounds -009 Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed thirty pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds - - - 010

' Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred pounds - - 016

And where the sum expressed therein shall exceed one hundred pounds - - -030

G 2 Any

84

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty*

dm

Any receipt or other discharge given on the payment of money amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds - - O o 2

Wfterc the sum shall amount to twenty pounds,

and not exceed fifty pounds - - -004.

And where the sum shall exceed fifty pounds -006 Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or de-vise, which shall be registered in the publick office for registering such memorials, or shall be entered in any of the courts of record in Ireland (except memorials of demises, and except memorials of alignments of judgements for any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds) above all other duties payable thereon - - - --010 0

Any memorial of any demise, or of an agreement to demise, or of an alignment of a judgement, for any -sum not exceeding one hundred pounds - -026

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleacting, in any court of law -020 Any copy of any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleacting, in any court of law, or any copy of any record to be furnished to the twelve judges for the hearing of causes in error in the court of exchequer-chamber - -003

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by of, or any pleadings whatsoever, in the courts of.chancery or exchequer, except exceptions to answers filed in the said courts - - O 4 o

Any exception or exceptions to any answer filed in any court of equity in Ireland, to be charged upon each exception, whether joined with any other or others on the same sheet or piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or not - 026

And a further duty for the same after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every ninety words which eacjj. and every exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words.

And a further duty upon each and every exception over and above the first ten exceptions, of - 040

Exceptions.

And a further duty upon the same, aftfer the rate of two shillings and sixpence for every ninety words which each and every such exception shall contain over and above the first ninety words.

Any depositions taken in the court of chancery or

court

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein-before charged - - - O O 3

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or.other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any court of equity (except always all proceedings in any suit in any of the court* aforesaid which shall be sued, prosecuted, or had, by any person admitted to sue or defend therein in forma pauperis) - - -003

Any paper containing publick news, intelligence, or

occurrences, not herein otherwise charged - -002

Any paper containing publick news, intelligence, or*occurrences, which shall be published once in every week, and not oftener - 004

Any bill of lading which shall be signed for any goods exported - - - 006

Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares, or merchandize, to any drawback or bounty on exporting the same - - o O I

Any licence to keep a lottery-office - - - 50 Q o

Any licence to keep one or more printing-press or

presses - - -500

Any licence for retailing spirituous liquors, or tea and groceries, or any licence to manufacture or deal in any tobacco, or for manufacturing candles or soap for sale, or for felling or manufacturing paper hangings, or for felling or making gold or silver plate for sale, or for felling home-made spirits as a factor, or by wholesale, or for keeping a coffee-house,

or for selling by retail, or otherwise dealings in coffee, or for keeping a tan-yard or tan-pit for dredging hides or skins in oil, or for making vellum or parchment, or for keeping'? malt-house, or making malt for sale, or for felling by auction, or for making glafc bottles, or for keeping a mill or mills for making paper, to brew or make for sale any sweets or made wines, to make metheglin or mead for sale, to make vinegar for sale, or to any person, not being a maltster or maker of malt, felling malt on commission or otherwise - o O 1

Any daily account, or daily bill of goods imported into, or exported from Ireland, or abstract thereof included in any other publication, except such daily accounts or bills of imports or exports as shall be printed or published by any officer or officers authorised

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 21. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

£ d.

to print the same by the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, and pursuant to the said authority - 0 01

; Any account or bill of goods imported into or exported from Ireland^ printed or published weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, as accounts, or abstrajfis of accounts of such goods for each day's account contained therein, except such accounts, or bills of imports or exports, as shall be printed or published by such officer or officers as aforesaid -001

SCHEDULE B.

For every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the respective duties following, viz*

DUTY.

ARTICLES. £ S. dm

Any summons or process whereby the defendant or defendants shall be required to appear or answer the plaintiff's bills, or to appear before any recorder, assistant-barrister, seneschal, or steward of a manor-court of other judge or officer, in any proceeding, in a summary way by civil bill - o' O 4

Any copy of any such summons - o 1 r

Any decree to be made or pronounced by any assistant-barrister at the sessions of the peace, or adjournments thereof, in causes heard by civil bill, where the sum recovered shall be under five pounds -022 Any decree to be made or pronounced by any assistanubarrifter at the sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, where the sum decreed shall amount to five pounds or upwards, but shall not amount to ten pounds - 046

Any such decree, where the sum decreed shall amount

to ten pounds or upwards - - - -076

Any dismiss made or pronounced by any assistant-bar-

rifter - - - 040

Any removal of a decree or dismiss on any proceeding by civil bill, whether such decree or dismiss shall have been made or pronounced by a judge of assize or assistant-barrister - 0 I 6

Any recognizance on an appeal from any decree or

dismiss made or pronounced by an assistant-barrister 026 Any decree or dismiss made or pronounced by the seneschal or steward of every manor-court, in any proceeding by civil bill*- -.*016'

SCHEDULE

1803] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. zt,

SCHEDULE C.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, or other materials, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the following articles or things, the respective duties following, viz.

' DUTY.

ARTICLES. £. S. d.

For every almanack or calendar for any one particular

Jear, or for any time less than a year, which (Jiall e printed on one side only of any one sheet or piece of paper or other materials only, andf which shall not be printed so as to be afterwards separated into leaves, or bound as a book or pamphlet For every other almanack or calendar for any particular year, or for any time less than a year - - o o

For every almanack or calendar made to serve for any' time longer than a year, or for several years, for every year or excess above a year contained therein - - o o

For every Dublin directory - o o

-002

SCHEDULE D.

Of the several unstamped articles and things chargeable with the following duties under the of of stamp-duties.

DUTY.

articles. £ i. d.

For every advertisement to be contained or published in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet di/perfect or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time, or in any hand-bill, containing more than one advertisement, a duty of - o I0

And a further duty for the same, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines every such advertisement N shall contain over and above the first ten lines, no such lines to exceed twenty M*s of the letter called long primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and if such advertisement shall be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid* v then treble the duties aforesaid shall be paid for it.

For every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix sheets in odfavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve sheets in quarto, or twenty sheets in folio* a duty after the rate of two shillings for every sheet of any kind of paper contained in one printed copy or impression thereof.

For

8 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ax.

[1803.

SCHEDULE D. continued. \ duty#

£. s.'d.

For all insurances for insuring houses, furniture, merchandize, or other property, from loss by fire, a duty after the rate of one shilling for every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

For all insurances upon any life or lives, a duty after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

For all insurances for insuring ships, goods, wares, or merchandize from the danger of, or other perils at sea, where the premium or rate of insurance exceeds the sum of twenty shillings for every one hundred pounds insured save and except where such insurance shall be upon goods, wares, or merchandize, or any property or interest for any voyage to or from any part or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the idands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or the i(le of Man, from or to any other part or place in the said kingdom, or in the said idands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, where the sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds) a duty of five shillings, and so progressively for every sum of one hundred pounds insured.

Where the sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred pounds, save as aforesaid), a like duty of - - 05Q

And where the sum to be insured save as aforesaid) shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progressive sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fra&ional part of one hundred pounds, a like duty of five shillings for such fra&ional part of one hundred pounds.

For all such insurances save as aforesaid) where the premium, or copsideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for,

shall not exceed the rate of twenty shillings, where the sum so to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, a duty of two shillings and sixpence; and so progressively for every sum of one hundred pounds insured.

And where the sum so to be insured shall not

amount to one hundred pounds, a like duty of O a 6 And where the sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progreiHve sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fra&ional part of one hundred pounds, a like duty of two shillings and sixpence for such fra&ional part

of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. it. 89

SCHEDULE D. continued. duty.

s*

of one hundred pounds; the said duties on insurances to be paid by the assured therein.

For all insurances, where the premium or rate 6( insurance exceeds the sum of twenty shillings, for every one hundred pounds insured, for insuring ships, goods, wares, or merchandize, or other property or interest, for any voyage to or from any part or'place of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the islands of Guerjnfey,

Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, the isle of Man, or from or to any other part or place in the said kingdom, or in the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, where the sum to be infixed shall amount to one hundred pounds, a duty of two shillings and sixpence, and so progressively for every sum of one hundred pounds.

Where the sum to be insured shall not amount

to one hundred pounds, a like duty of - - o 2 6

And where the sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any, progressive sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, a like duty of two shillings and sixpence for such fractional part of one hundred pounds.

For all such insurances, where the premium, or con-^deration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of twenty shillings, where the sum so to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, a duty of one shilling and sixpence; and so progressively for every sum of one hundred pounds insured.

And where the sum so to be insured shall not

amount to one hundred pounds, a like duty of o I 6 And where the sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progressive sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, a like duty of one shilling and sixpence for such fractional part of one hundred pounds \ all the said duties or> insurances to be paid by the assured therein.

S> Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22, [1805.

CAP. XXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to persons felling hats, and on hats sold by retail\ in Ireland.

[March 24, 1803.]

40 Geo. 3*

(I.) c. 19.

ral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commissioners for managing the stamp-duties, certain duties were granted, for a time therein limited, on all licences to persons felling hats, and on hats sold by retail in Ireland, which said recited act has, by divers acts of the parliament of the united kingdom, been continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three; and it is expedient that the said duties should be further continued, and that the collection of the same should be regulated in manner herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritifal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tweoty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be throughout Ireland raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, hisjieirs and successors, the several and respective rates and duties following; (that is to say). All persons uttering or vending in Irelandhy retail any hats, commonly called or known by the name of felt or wool, stuff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose in martner licoiceto^Serein-after pteferibed; and where the person so uttering or fell in a city vending by retail such hats as aforesaid shall reside in any city or town corporate in Ireland, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one pound; and where the person uttering or vending by retail any such hats as aforesaid shall reside in any other part of Ireland, there shall be charged a duty of five shillings; and for every felt on wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or japanned hat, of

from and after March

following duties shall be paid by retailers of hats:

or town corporate, $s. in other'parts;

6 d. for each hat from 5J.

the price or value of five shillings, and not amounting to the price or value of seven shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person or persons taking out such licence, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence; for every felt or wool, stuff* or beaver hat, or any leather or japanned hat, amounting to the price or value of seven shillings, and not amounting to the price or value of twelve shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person taking out such licence, there

_____ shall be charged a stamp duty of one shilling; for every felt-x>r

each hat from wooi> stuff or beaver hat, or any leather or japanned hat, 1w.t016j.3i/. amounting to the price of value of twelve shillings, and not amounting to the price dr value of sixteen shillings and threepence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person taking out such licence, there shall be charged a stamp duty of r .*one

to 7j.

is. for each hat from 7j. to its.

is. 6d. for

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. 91

- one shilling and sixpence; for e^ery felt or wool, fluff or beaver u. for each hat, or any leather or japanned hat, amounting to the price or \^ Vaj/UC*value of sixteen shillings and three-pence or upwards, which Upward* shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person or persons taking out such licence, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from ^nd after the penalty twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and h^s^vdt^out three, no person whatsoever required by this act to tye licensed- uccncc ascer lhaJL, unless he, she, or they be licensed in manner herein after March prescribed, utter, vend, or sell any felt or wool, fluff or beaver8o3. hat, or any leather or japanned hat in Ireland, upon pain to

forfeit for every offence the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner as herein after is directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the CoTrmriflion-twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and ers fta|PP* three, anypne or more of his Majesty's of appointed £enceTan«!- for managing the duties in Ireland, arising by (lamps oh vellum, really, parchment, and paper, or some person duly authorised by any

one or more of them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to fell felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or leather or japanned hats in Ireland, such licence to continue in force from the day of granting the same until the twenty-fifth day of March next after granting the same; and all and every person and persons, who shall take out such licences in Ireland for felling hats, shall take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at least before the twenty-fifth day of March in each and every year, if he or she shall continue to fell hats by retail$ and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the (lamps on such licence, as long as he or she shall continue to fell hats by retail.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person, vending The words or exposing to sale any hat or hats by retail, and who shall have '1Dealer in taken out a licence for that purpose as herein-before is directed, beon^he shall cause the words, tl Dealer in Hats by Retail, " to befront of the painted, printed, or written in large and legible characters, either hou/e of each over the door, or in some visible place on the front of his, her, perioii licens-or their house, shop, or warehpufq, at the respective place at«<hPenalty which he, she, or they keep such hats for sale, to denote that such person or persons is a dealer in hats, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid shall presume to fell any hat without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending or exposing to sale any hats shall for every hat so foV, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 50l. penalty shall have, or cause the words, "Dealer in Hats, " to be fixe^such wor's or put over the door, or on any other part of his, her, or their on houfrs of house or (hop, or warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, unlicensed

he, persons.

9Z

Persons inv lei's than a dozen deemed retailers.

Stamps to be p? ovided by commission-

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. ti.

[1803.

he, she, or they To offending shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And whereas doubts may arise what person or persons may be considered as a retail deder or dealers in hats within the twflruction of this afi, be it therefore ena&etf and.decjared, That all persons who shall fell any leis quantity than one dozen of hats at one time to any one person shall be deemed a retailer of and retail dealer in hats, and shall be liable to take out a licence for that purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effedhial levying and collocting the said duties on hats,

wnica according to the provisions of this act, the commissioners for theymayalter time being appointed to manage the stamp-duties in Ireland, occasioually. or any one or more of them, is or are hereby empowered and required to provide and use such (lamps, to denote the said duties on hats, as shall be requisite for the execution of this act, and from time to time to alter or renew the same, or make new (lamps to denote the said duties, as they, or any one or more of them, shall think (it, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution with relation to the said duties on hats, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to pot in execution any law now in force, or hereafter to be in force, concerning stamp-duties of any kind whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and

How duties shall be calculated and marked on hats.

three, the rates of duty by this act imposed shall be calculated at and according to the full price and value of the hats, in re-

spedt of which such duty shall be charged, and of all the mountings and other ornaments, except gold and diver lace, fold or exposed to sale therewith; and that every hat made wholly of felt, wool, (luff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of the said substances, or any of t; iem, or with any other substance or substances, by whatever name such hat shall be called or distinguished, shall be liable to the said duties by this act imposed; and every such hat, which, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, shall be sold and delivered, shall, previous to such delivery, be lined or covered in the inside of the crown thereof with silk, linen, or other proper materials whereon a durable mark or (lamp can conveniently be affixed to denote the duties by this act imposed, and on which materials a (lamp or mark, to be provided by the said of in pursuance of this act, shall have been stamped or marked, according to the rate of duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the direct?bns of this act.

In wfcat man-

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the greater con-^r.b*linin88 venience in stamping such materials as aforesaid, any person or persons whatever may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent to the head office of (lamps in Dublin, any quantity proper to be used, and intended to be used for the purpose of lining

and shall be stamped

I

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 93

and covering the inside of the crown of such huts, and cut into ihapes for that purpose, to be marked and stamped with such marks and damps to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the rates of duties payable for the hats to which such materials are to be affixed, as the person or persons bringing the same shall require; and the said of, or their officers to be employed under them for that purpose, or some of them, shall from time to time, before the said materials shall be stamped, take an account of the number of (hapes which shall be at any one time brought to the said head office to be damped, and of the several rates and duties required by the person or persons bringing the same to be damped thereon, and enter the same in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and upon taking such account thereof shall mark or damp, with one of the said stamps, one of the pieces of every such lining, in such part thereof and in such manner as that the damp put thereon shall be and remain visible and conspicuous when and after the same shall have been affixed to any hat in the manner intended, and to be declared as herein is mentioned, the person or persons bringing the same to be so damped as aforesaid paying to the receiver-general of the damp-duties for the time being, or his clerk, the several duties payable for the same, by virtue of this miSl, subject to such discount and allowance therein as is herein- .4

after provided; which damp or mark, when put on such lining or indde covering in pursuance of this act, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty denoted thereby to be paid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Commission. lawful for the of of the said damp-duties for the timeer8 may open being, or any one or more of them, if he or they shall think (it, hattei-s^r^and not otherwise, to open an account in books to be provided they think fh, by the said of for that purpose, wirh any person or on security persons carrying on the trade and business of a dealer or dealers being 8lven in, or a manufacturer or manufacturers of, linings for hats, by this act required to be damped as aforesaid, who respectively Hull have given, or caused to be given, to the satisfaction of the said of, or any one or more of them, security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successor9, for the payment of the duties at the times and in the manner to be prescribed by the said of, or any one or more of them, as herein after is mentioned, and from time to time, at the request of such person or persons, to damp such materials or linings as shall bt brought to the said head office for that purpose, and to return the same so damped, upon the credit of such person or persons, he, she, or they fird deliveyng, or causing to be delivered to the said of, or their officers, a note, in writing, signed How batten by him, her, or them respectively, of the quantities of linings shall pass from time to time required to be damped, and the amount and vouchers for denominations of the stamps required to be put thereon, and on duty* the re-delivery of such linings so stamped, signing, or causing to be signed, sufficient receipt for the same, for which payments, if the same dull be duly performed according to the directions

94 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. zz> [1803.

of the said of, or any one or more of them, the like Discount may allowances, byway of discount, may be made as are herein be allowed, direlied, it) case yf present payment of the said duties; and that j^enwhen CVCI7 Per^>n> upon whose credit any linings stamped according duty is no? to the directions of this act shall be returned, and payment paid on deli- thereof forborn, shall previously give, or cause to be given, a icryoHUmps. bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such form, and with such security, as the said of, or any one or more of them, may think reasonable, so ay that the same may iii no case be less than the penal sum of one hundred pounds ner-Conditions of ling1, with a condition that if such person or persons shall, from bond. time to time, well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for the said of, or any one or more of them, to Ax the times and periods of leaking such payments, and to specify the same in the condition to every such bond, and which shall not in any case be by less than two payments in the year, at equal intervals, as nearly as may be; and every such bond may be renewed from time to time, in the discretion of the said commissioners, or any one or more of them, as often as the said of, or any one or more of them, shall think fit.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it (halt and may be lawful for any dealer or dealers in hats, being respectively licensed in pursuance of this act, during the continuance of such licence, to fell to any other dealer or dealers in hats, licensed in like manner, any such hat or hats wherein no lining shall be affixed, stamped, or marked as by this act is directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons

Licensed dealers, may fell hats to each other, without stamped linings.

Hatters to shew commissioners how linings are to be affixed, and (lamps to be visible.

' bringing any linings or inside coverings for the crowns of hats, to be marked or stamped as aforesaid, shall, on request made by the said of, or any of their officers, declare the uses of the different parts or pieces of any lining or inside covering so brought, and also the form and manner of affixing every part and piece thereof in the crown of any hat, and shall shew to their satisfaction in what part of such lining or inside covering the mark or (lamp can be put thereon, so that such mark or (lamp so put thereon, when the same shall be affixed in or to any that, shall be visible and conspicuous; and the said of being satisfied therewith shall cause the same to be marked or stamped according to the directions of the person or persons Commission- bringing the same; and they, or any one or more of them, is ers may make ancj are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to iegu ions, such regulations as they shall think fi* and necessary, as

well to prevent the concealment of the (lamp upon any linings or inside coverings affixed to or in any such hats, so as to prevent the (lamps fold and disposed of therewith from being made use of again for the like purpose contrary to the provinons of this act; which regulations aforesaid, fairly printed by order of the

Printed regulations to be

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. la. 95-

the said of, shall be delivered to all and every dealer given to or dealers aforesaid, to be licdofed upon his, her, or their apply- dealer*, ing for the same, at the time of his, her, or their taking out any licence under this acct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

laid twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and foi^or Tx-three, no person or persons (other than manufacturers of hats, changed with-or such licensed dealers as aforesaid, felling hats to other licensedout the prodealers as herein-mentioned), shall fell or deliver upon sale, or P61 stamp-cause to be sold or delivered upon sale, any hat or hats, subject to the said stamp-duties by this act imposed, or shall receive or cause to be received any thing of value by way of barter or ia exchange for any hat, subject to the said recited duties, or any

of them, wherein no lining or inside covering shall be affixed at the time of such sale or delivery, or whereia there shall be a lining or inside covering affixed which shall not be marked or ftaihped according to the directions of this act, or that shall not* be marked or stamped according to the directions of this act, or that shall not be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp placed and affixed in the inside of the crown thereof in such maimer as to be visible and conspicuous therein \ or that shall be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp of less denomination or value than by this act is directed and required, under pain that all and every such person and persons so offending shall shall forfeit and pay for every hat so fold or delivered, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- % 0J. penalty (ons shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one for affixing thousand eight hundred and three, cut or tear out, or cause^vimifly used be cut or torn out, from any such hat as aforesaid, the lining or tQ ot^r inside covering thereof, or any piece or part of such lining or

inside covering, which lining or inside covering, or piece or

part thereof, shall bear the impression of any mark or stamp, provided by virtue of this act, after the same lining or inside covering shall have been used or worn, or disposed of with such hat or hats, so that the same can or may be affixed to any other hat or hats, liable to any of the said recited duties, or with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors of any of the'\ T

said duties; or shall affix or cause to be affixed, any lining or inside covering, or any piece or part of any lining or inside covering, bearing the impression of any such mark or stamp, after the same shall have been used or worn, or sold or disposed of therewith, all and every the person and persons' so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be reco- -

vered and applied in manner as herein after directed..-

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said feceWe or ° twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, wear hats

if any person or persons, (other than licensed dealers buying hats liable to duty

Licensed dealers may fend bats to be stamped, not less than one dozen.

96 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. [1803.

or if any person or persons shall, after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, wear or tffe any hat, subject to any of the duties by this act. imposed, wherein no lining or inside coyering shall be affixed at the time of such delivery, or if such hat being so used or worn, wherein a lining or inside covering shall be affixed, shall not be marked or damped according to the directions of this act; or shall not be marked or stamped with a mark or (lamp placed therein in a visible and conspicuous manner; then every such person offending therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVh Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any dealer in hats, duly licensed in pursuance of this act, may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the said head office, any number of hats, not less than one dozen at any one time, wherein a lining or inside covering as aforesaid shall then be affixed, to be marked and damped with such marks and (lamps as aforesaid as the person or persons so licensed shall require, subject to such account of the number of the hats so brought, and to the rates and duties payable for the same as herein-before directed with respect to linings to be brought to be stamped; and the said of, or their officers, shall cause the lining or inside covering of every such hat then affixed therein to be marked and stamped in (ome conspicuous and visible part thereof, according to the directions herein-before contained; and the person or persons so bringing such hats to be stamped, shall pay, or cause to be paid, the duties payable for the same, subject to the like discount and allowance as herein directed to be made on payment of the said duties; and that it shall and ibidm licensed may for any dealer or dealers in hats so licensed, dur-

dealers, or forng continuance of such licence, to fell to any other dealer exportation, or dealers in hats licensed in like manner, any such hat or bats lined as aforesaid, for the purpose of felling the same again, for home consumption, or to any person or persons whatever, for exportation, before such time as the lining or inside covering thereof shall have been marked or stamped in manner before directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if in any action, suit, information, for any offence ir) using or wearing any hat or hats contrary to this act, any dispute shall arise whether the duty by this act imposed hath been duly p2id for such hat or hats, the proof of the fact that the duty has been paid for such hat or hats shall lie on the owner of such hat or hats, or person accused of uiing or wearing the same contrary to this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who shall offend against this act shall, before his, her, or their conviction, of or for such offence, discover the other person or persons offending therein, the person or persons so discovering shall be admitted to give evidence

Undamped

Proof to lie on owner.

One offender against this act may give evidence against another, and

1803,) Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. 97-

against the t»rty informed against or prosecuted 5 and in case shall thereby fuel* perftur or persons so informed against or prosecuted, be be indemni-thereupon cofivided, the person or persons so informing andfied* prosecuting tt/convrftion shall be freed and discharged from any penalty or penalties* forfeiture or forfeitures, by him, her, or them, incurred for any offence against this act, previous to such discovery. '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any stamp or mark When stamp-impressed upon any lining or inside covering by virtue of this hnin?8 are ad, or any lining or inside covering whereon any such mark beforf uled stamp is marked or stamped, shall be damaged in affixing the they may be same in or to any hat as aforesaid, or in stamping the same or changed by otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for use, and such lining or commission-or inside covering shall not have been used or worn, or fold or cr8* disposed of, with any hat or hats, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licensed in pursuance of this act, to bring

all such linings or inside coverings so damaged, or any linings or inside coverings having any damaged marks or damps impressed thereon, to the commissioners for managing the said duties at their head office, or to some officer or officers appointed by them; and the said of, or any one or more of than, are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine upon oath, or solemn affirmation of the person if of the profession of people called Quakers> (which oath or solemn affirmation the said of, or any one or more of them, are hereby respectively authorised to administer), into all or any circumstances relating to the same; and upon due proof made to the fadsfadion of the said of, or any one or more of them, of the value of the respective stamps so brought to the said of; and also that such linings or inside coverings so damaged, or having impressed thereon any marks or (lamps so damaged as aforesaid, or any of them, have not nor hath before been used or worn, or fold, or disposed of, with any hat or hats,

then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any one or more of them, to direct the propfer officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are hereby required, and directed, to cancel such damaged marks or stamps imprested upon such linings or inside coverings, and to mark or stamp any linings or inside coverings in lieu thereof, with marks and stamps of the same denomination and value, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any sum

or other consideration for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 4or. reward shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thou- £or appre-find eight hundred and three, hawk or carry about for sale in hawkers of Ireland, any hat or hats liable to any of the said recited duties, unstamped without any lining or inside covering affixed thereto or therein, hats; offenrf-or without a lining or inside covering duly marked and stamped, crscommitted with a mark or (lamp visibie and conspicuous on some P3r^ n^t exceeding thereof, as by this act is directed, to denote the payment of the flX nor lefa duty for the same, at the rate aforesaid, it shall and may be law- than two

VOL.XUV. H ful months.

9$ Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. [1803.

ful for any person to seize, apprehend, and carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, or place where such offence shall be committed, any such person or persons so offending 5 and every person so seizing or apprehending such offender or offenders', and carrying him, her, or them before suchiuf-tice of the peace as aforesaid, upon conviction of every such*offender or offenders, by his, her, or their own consession, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and producing ^1 certificate of such conviction, under the hand of such justice, which certificate the said justice is hereby required to give (without fee to be taken for the same), shall be entitled to a reward of forty shillings, to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's stamp-duties in Ireland$ and it shall and may be lawful for any such justice of the peace, and he is hereby required to commit every such offender so apprehended, and convicted as aforesaid, to the house of correction, or gaol, or bridewell of the said county, city, or place, for any time not exceeding fix, nor less than two calendar months, as to such justice shall feetn meet.

Allowance of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said of discount. for the time being, for managing the stamp-duties in Ireiandy shall allow and pay to the respective persons that shall purchase damps in pursuance of this act, at the head office, to the amount of ten pounds at any one time, such allowance, by way of difi* count, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall from time to time direct, upon prompt payment of the said duty or duties upon the said (lamps so to them supplied.

Hatters shall

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any person or make distinct persons shall make any bargain for the sale of any hat or hats, charges for subject to the duties by this act imposed, or shall deliver in any bill or charge for any such hat or hats fold, such person and persons respectively shall distinguisti the price of every such hat, from the amount of the duty payable thereon, and shall in every such bill or charge also make a distinct and separate charge for the (lamp or (lamps which shall have been impressed upon the linings or inside coverings of such hat or hats so charged in such bill.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to export from the lawful quays, in the lawful hours, any number of hats pot left in quantity than one dozen in any one package, either lined or unlined; and if lined, then without the same being stamped of marked as by this act is directed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no person or persons so

hats shall take licensed, or to be licensed to deal in hats, shall t$ke away or re-f move* or cau^e to be ta^en away or removed, from the house,

sioners^1111" fh°P> or warehouse of any manufacturer, any hat or hat9 which remove hats such person or persons mall purchase from such manufacturer,

until such person or persons so purchasing such hats shall have previously furnished to the said of of stamp-duties in Ireland, a true (latcment, in writing, subscribed with the proper

name

damps.

Undamped hats may be exported.

Dealers in

purchased from manufacturers.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. 9$

fiame and hand-writing of such person or persons, of the number and quality of such hats, and until £uch person or persons shall previousfy havje taken out from some one of the said of a permit under the hand of such commissioner, authd-rising such person or persons to remove and take aw^y fuqh hats, and which permit the said of are hereby respectively authorised to grant, and which permit shall state the tri*e num- + ber aftd quality of the hats contained in the aforesaid written statement thereof, to be signed by the person or persons purchasing such hats as aforesaid; and if such person or persons shall Penalty oh.furnish a false statement to the said of, of the num ^entfforob ber or quality of any hats to be purchased by him, her, or them, taining such* as aforesaid, then, and in any of the said cases, he, she, or they permits 100l. shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds: and all the hats so to be purchased or removed as aforesaid shall also be forfeited, and be liable to be seized and carried away.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-Iawful to and for the said of of stamp-duties in ers. m*Y aP-IrelancL> or any one or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit {^nto^nfeeft'to him or them so to do, by warrant under his or their hand and the (lock of'seal, or hands and seals, to authorise and empower any person or any licensed'persons, with the assistance of a magistrate, or any peace officer, dealer in hats* in the day time, to enter into the house, (hop, workshop, or warehouse, of any hatter, or other person or persons licensed to

fell hats as aforesaid, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all and every such hat and hats as shall be in the house,

(hop, workshop, or warehouse of any such hatter or hatters, for other person or persons licensed to fell hats as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such person and persons so authorised as aforesaid, with the assistance of a magistrate v

or peace officer, in the day time, to enter into the house, (hop, workshop, or warehouse of such hatter or hatters, or other person or persons licensed to fell hats as aforesaid, and to search for, view, inspect, and examine all and every such hat and hats as shall be in such house, (hop, workshop, or warehouse.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Forging or fons shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counter- counterfeiting feited or forged, any stamp or mark directed to be allowed orlta, Tl(>s, used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors; or shall utter, vend, or sell, or expose to sale, or cause or procure to be 1

uttered, vended, or fold, or expqfed to sale, any piece of silk? linen, or other material, or thing with such counterfeit mark or stamp thereon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeited; or if any person shall fraudulently use any stamp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, or any stamp or mark in imitation thereof; then, and in any of the said cases, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such offence, be adjudged to suffer and shall accord- pllI1uhaMe by inglj suffer such punishment by fine, in^prisonment, pillory, and fine> pillory,

h 2 other

consolidated fund. Powers of stamp-acts extended to this act.

ioo Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. [1803.

and imprison- other corporal punishment, or by any or either of the said pu-inent, not nishments as shall be adjudged by the court before whom such

months"8 P61^00 shall be tried, such imprisonment not to exceed fix

v*months.

Duties (hill be

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the duties hereby

a to the granted shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed, or to be prescribed or appointed by any act or acts of parliament relating to any stamp-duties in Ireland^ except in cases where other powers, penalties, or provisions are made or prescribed by this act in lieu thereof, shall be of full force and effect, with relation to the rates and duties by this act imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties by this acr imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been repeated in this present act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the space of twelve calendar months from the time of any such penalties being incurred) in manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties

bTfi^for in imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall and may be sued for, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Ireland, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign,

[>rotedion, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one impar-ance shall be allowed, or by civil bill, at any general assizes for any county, county of a city, or county of a town, or before any assistant barrister of any county at any session to be held therein, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace, residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within twelve calendar months after such offence shall have been committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witness or witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fad, and, upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such magistrate is hereby empowered to administer), to give judgement or sentence, for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in or by this

ad

One moiety of penalties to King and 6ne to informer, if sued for within is months.

Penalties may,

co art8 of record or by civil bill.

Justices may convict for pecuniary penalties.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. 101

act is directed; all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to the informer or informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other moiety thereof, the necdflary charges for the recovery thereof being first dedusted, shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after directed; and the said justice is hereby authorised and required Goodsfdzed to award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for ma7 levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be and if not fuf-made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days ficient, of-after Seizure, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and tender may where goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer ^committed, the penalty or penalties, to commit the said offender or offenders to the house of correction, gaol, or bridewell, of the county, city, or place, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find him or her-, self, or themselves, aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he, she, or they shall or may, upon giving sufficient Security, by recognizance, before such magistrate, to the amount of the value of such penalty or forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, which recognizance such magistrate is hereby empowered and required to receive, appeal to the justices of the peace at the Appeal to general or quarter sessions for the county or place wherein the quarter ftf-offence was committed, next following such cpnviction, who fions* are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement mall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices of the p$ace to award the person or persons so appealing, to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them the said justices shall seem meet.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or j/. penalty on persons shall be summoned as a witness' or witnesses to give witnesses not evidence before such justice or justices of the peace touching any wimout rea. of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the pro- sonable ex- fecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or cufc. refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their

neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as in and by this act is directed as to other penalties.

XXXIII. And) in order to avoidfrivolous and vexatious appeals, Con visions be it fqrther enacted, That the justice of the peace, before whom shall bfin. any offender (hfill be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said the so'l°winS conviction to be made out in manner and form following, or in

any other form of words to the like effedi mutatis mutandis; which con vision (half be good and effectual to all intents and

purposes.

idt Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 22. [1803.

purposes, without dating the case or the fads of evidence in any more particular manner, that is to say,

Form;

T> E it remembered. That on the day of

in the year of our Lord A.B. of

in the county of was convicted before

me C. Z>., one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, redding near to the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A, Bon the day of

now lad pad, at the of in the said county of, did [here state the offence against the said att]9

contrary to the datute in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal the day of

Justices may mitigate penalties.

and returned Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be written fairly to general or upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter fions^d'filed ^eons the peace for the county or place where such coovic- tion was made, to be filed with the clerk of the peace, and there to remain 4nd be kept among the records of the same county or place.

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said judice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit; the reasonable cods of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation; and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said cods and charges, any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such

not removable con vision shall not be removed by certiorari into any court by Certiorari, what foe ver.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done under the authority of and in pursuance of this act, then, and in every such case, the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause and action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit General issue. to be brought may plead the general ifiiie, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for.bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the plaintiff in such action shall be nonsuited; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be so or other wise nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or {heir adioo, or if a verdict shall pass against the*plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the

Convictions

Limitation of actions fix'months.

Venue.

p( le

1803.4} Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. 103

the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fair in other cases by law.

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this act con-Hats of non-

tained shall charge with any duty any military hat to be worn^oScers^and^ by any non-commi flioned officer, private, drummer, or musician foyers exin any of his Majesty's regiments of the line, militia, or empted from fencibles. duty.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all the duties in this act Duties and specified, mentioned, and contained, and all penalties on any penalties to be offences in this act mentioned, shall be paid and payable, and

received and receivable, in Irish currency, whether the same be c n so expressly mentioned or not.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Act may be

be lawful to repeal or alter any part of this act during thispre- altere, d?* sent session of parliament. Xn!

CAP. XXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon certificates with respect to the killing of game in Ireland.

[March 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and explain an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting tolrilhaft, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties therein men- 40 Geo. 3. tioned, to be levied by the commissioners for managing the (lamp- c*rccltc<* duties, ' certain duties were granted for a term therein limited on certificates to persons not acting as gamekeepers, keeping or using any dog, guHy nety or other engine for the taking or destruftton ofgame\ and also on certificates of deputations or appointments of gamekeepers; which said recited act basy by divers acts of the parliament of the united kingdom^ been continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and threey and it is expedient that the said duties should be further continued, and that the colie ftion of the same should be regulated in manner herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice atnd consent of the lords fpi ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March From March one thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be raised, a5> 1803» levied, collected, and paid throughout Ireland, unto and for the^orufirfg* "use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and any dog, gun, duties following; that is to say, that every person in Ireland who &c. for the shall keep or use any dog, gun, net, or other engine fit for, or killing of commonly used for the taking or destruction of game, not^aft- f^i^shan ing as a gamekeeper under or by virtue of a deputation or ap- deliver an pointment, (duly registered), shall previously deliver in a paper account of or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person to the distributor of damps in the city of Dublin, ^'^butor of or to a distributor of damps in Ireland^ for the county in which stamps, and, .^such annually take

104 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1803.

out accrti- such person shall reflde^and in case there shall be no distributor bkewiVe*n county> l^en an<*n such ca^e5to distributor, dwelling gamekeepers, neare^ to the residence of such person, and annually take out a who shall re- certificate thereof from one of such distributors; and that every gifter their deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper granted to any per — audUpay^any ora(ty of a manor in Ireland, shall be registereil

stamp duty of whh the distributor of (lamps in the city of Dublin, or with a* % L 5j. distributor of stamps in Ireland in the fcounty wherein such

manor shall lie, and the gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a certificate thereof from one of such distributors; and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper upon which any such certificate which shall be granted, to any or either of such persons respectively, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two pounds five shillings and sixpence Irish currency; which said pieces of vellum or parchment, or (heets or pieces of paper respe£Hvdy, with such (lamp thereon, shall be found and provided by the person or persons requiring such certificates respectively, Distributor of IJ. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said stamps shall, twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and 3JSJS* three, every person delivering into the office of any such distri-ij. 6 for his but or of flam ps in Ireland as aforesaid a paper or account ia trouble, issue writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person, certificate. 3ncj every gamekeeper to whom any such deputation or appointment shall be granted as aforesaid, ' registering the same in manner aforesaid, and producing apiece of vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with the duty of two pounds five shillings and sixpence, and also paying the (um of two shillings and sixpence to such distributor of stathps as aforesaid for his trouble, and requiring a certificate thereof, shall be annually entitled to such certificate $ and every such distributor of (lamps shall thereupon iftiie a certificate on such stamped paper, vellum, or parchment, to the effect hr form following; (that is to say),

Form of cer-T A.B. distributor of (lamps for the county of or

tificate. JL city of [as the case may happen to be], do hereby

declare that of in the parish of

in the barony of and county or city, [as the case

may be], of hath this day delivered into my office a

paper, writing, or account, containing his name and place of abode; [or, as the case may happen to be], hath this day registered a deputation, whereby he is appointed'a gamekeeper by for the manor or lands of; which I do hereby certify,

in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his Majesty, intituled, [here set forth the title of this act.]

Penalty on

III. And be it further enacted, That such distributor of

n^led^o/ &amPs* a^ter have signed such certificate, shall forthwith

&e?, a j(fuc the fame> stamped as herein-before is directed, to the person or persons respectively requiring the same in manner aforesaid,

and

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. 105

and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, lie entitled to demand and receive of and from such person the sum of two shillings and sixpence for his own trouble in that behalf; and in case any, such distributor of stamps shall, upon payment or tender to him of the said sum of two shillings and sixpence, and on production'of such paper, vellum, or parchment stamped as aforesaid, neg-left or refuse to issue to such person as aforesaid (b delivering in such paper or account in writing, or registering such deputation as aforesaid, a certificate in manner and form as herein-before is directed, every such distributor of stamps shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds Irish currency, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duty payable on such certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every certificate issued Certificate to by any distributor of stamps pursuant to this act, shall bear date hear date on the day of the month on which the same shall be issued, and beSforcc shall endure and remain in force from thence until the twenty- till March fifth day of March next following the date thereof, and no following, longer 5 and if any distributor of stamps shall issue any certificate penalty 10L to any person otherwise than as herein-before directed, he shall ! forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds Irish currency. r V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Penalty on twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, Persons keep-if any person shall keep or use any greyhound, hound, pointer, Without setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other certificate, engine, for the taking or destruction of any hare, pheasant, 20l. partridge, heath fowl, commonly called Black Game, or grouse,

commonly called Red Game, or any other game whatsoever, without having obtained such certificate in such manner as herein-before is directed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds Irish currency.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Gamekeepers twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, neglecting tej if any person to whom any deputation or appointment of a tanon?within gamekeeper shall have been, or at any time hereafter shall be ao days, for-granted by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, shall, for the felt 20l.

(pace of twenty days next after the said twenty-fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and three, or for the space of twenty days next after the twenty-fifth day of March in each and every year, or for the space of twenty days next after such deputation or appointment shall be first granted, neglect or refuse to register the same, and take out a certificate thereof in the manner herein-before directed, every such person, not having obtained such certificate as aforesaid in pursuance of this act,

shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds Irish currency.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several distributors Distributor* in Ireland shall, on or before the fifth day of every month, trans- flwll monthly mit to the of of stamp-duties in Ireland, at the head th^commis-office of stamps in Dublin, a correct lift in alphabetical order floners of

of the certificates by them respectively issued in the then latt stamps an^preceding alphabetical

i

1

106 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1803.

lift of certi- preceding month, and, on the delivery thereof, the receiver-ficates issued, general of the stamp-duties in Ireland shall pay every such dif" °* tr*butor stamps for making out and writing any such lift* after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such perfojn to whom such certificate shall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such lift; and in case any distributor of stamps shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit any of such lifts as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such lift, a full, true and perfect account as herein-before directed, of all the persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such distributor shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds Irish currency.

Such lifts may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such lifts, upon such be mfpedecf transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept, at the said head office of stamps in Dublin; and shall and may, within the office-hours, be resorted to, and inspected by any person whatsoever, on payment of one shilling, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the of of his

on payment

of I/.

Lifts to be

inserted in the Majesty's stamp-duties in Ireland shall, four times in every year.

newspapers

quarterly.

Deputations of gamekeepers mhy be revoked.

that is to say, once in every quarter of a year, publish the lifts, so transmitted to them, or cause the same to be insertedjm the newspapers circulating in each respective county, pr in such publick newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

X. And whereas deputations or appointments of gamekeepers may be revoked, be it therefore enacted, That if aqy lord or lady of a manor in Ireland shall make any new deputation or appoint-_ ment of a gamekeeper, for any manor or lands, in the room of

and^ew ones person already appointed, and to whom any such certificate xegiltered. as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register such new deputa* tion or appointment with any distributor of stamps in Ireland and shall obtain a new certificate thereof, the first certificate granted shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, null and v void, and the person acting under the same after the granting of such new and other certificate shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by this act, in the same manner as if no certificate had been granted to such person.

Persons using

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons any dog, &c. shall be found using any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the game, re^ taking or destruction of game, by any other person who hath ob-fusing to"pro-ained a certificate in manner herein-before directed, it shall <tuce their and may be lawful for such other person producing such certifi-ceirtificate, cate to demand and require from the person so using such dog, ^by am^u- Sun> net» or other engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a thorred per- certificate issued to him for that purpose as herein-before is son, of to tell directed; and every such person shall, upon such demand >and their names requisition as aforesaid, produce such certificate to the person so demanding the same, and permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew a certificate issued to him for that purpose, or shall decline to produce or shew the same, or not having produced and shewn such certificate, shall refuse, on demand thereof, ta give

in

or abode, shall forfeit 50l.

Dii

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5. 107

in his name and surname, and the place of his residence, or shall give in any false or fiditiaus name or place of residence,

every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay the turn of

fifty pounds Irish currency; and if any person fhaN be found Persons going

going over any ground or land of any person, and shall carry OVera

any gun or net, fit for or commonly used for the taking or de- f^nor net

stroying game, every such person shall be deemed to be using shall be deem.

such gun or net for the taking or dtfftrudion of game, and shall ed ming them.

be liable to such penalty as such persons are by this act fob-

jed to.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the certificate hereby Certificate directed to be issued by any distributor of stamps shall not

thorise or enable any person to use any greyhound, hound, son to km pointer, setting-dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or game at pro-other engine, for the taking or destrudson of game, at any Jjibited time, time or times, or in any place, or in any manner prohibited by ^nc*any law now in being, nor shall give to any person any right to kill game use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting-dog, spaniel, or other unless quali-dog, or any gun, net or other engine, for the taking or destruc- fied. tion of game, unlefe such person shall be duly qualified so to do, under and by virtue of the laws now in being, made for the preservation of the game; but such person shall be liable to the same penalties in all or any of the said laws contained as if this act had not been made. 1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no certificate obtained Gamekeep-under any deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, shall beers' certifi-pleaded or given in evidence in any case whatsoever, wjiere the Juthodf? n0t

r person having such certificate shall have used or shall use any killing game greyhound, hound, pointer* setting-dog, spaniel, or other dog, out of the or any gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or defirudion manor* of game out of or beyond the precincts or limits of the manor or lands, for or in respect of which such deputation or appointment was given and made.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the duties hereby granted Application shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund ofof ^uties* Ireland.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties* Recovery and imposed on any person for any offence against this act, may be penalties?11 ° sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record P

in Dublin, by any person suing for them by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, one moietj thereof, with costs of suit, to be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall inform and sue for the same*

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Justices may may he lawful for one or more justice or justices of the peace convict of-of the county wherein any offence against this act shall he comt a ihmmaxy* mitred, and such justice or justices is and are hereby required* way.

upon information or complaint to him or them made, to summon

Penalties to be levied by

mitted.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fcf-ons.

108 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. [1803.

xnon the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on either side to appear before him or them, and upon the appear- ance of the party or parties accused, or in default of his, her) or their appearance, according to such summons, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary consession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying the pecuniar penalties and forfeitures so adjudged distref8*orof- on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made fender com- thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain for a space of time, not less than one calendar month, and not exceeding three calendar months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty or forfeiture, together with such costs, as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the then next general quarter sessions for the county, who are finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters and things herein contained, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his or her neglect or refusal to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds Irijfh currency, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein-before directed for the levying the penalties hereby imposed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis-, and that such form of convictian shall be deemed legal $ that is to say,

Persons summoned as witnesses not appearing shall forfeit '10l.

BE

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 23. 109

4 T3 E it remembered, That on the day of in the for m of con*

JL# year of our Lord at in the county of v^i°n*

A.B. came before me C. Z>* pne of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offence was committed, and informed me that E. F\ of ' on the day of now last past, did keep,

or did carry, or did use, [as the case may be]* gun, dog, net, or engine, [as the case may bej, for the taking or destruction of game, and did thereby and therewith take, kill, and destroy a hare, or other game, [as the case may be]\ [here set forth the fall for which the irformation was laid], without having the certificate required by law for that purpose; whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence; or, [as the caje may happen to be], did not appear before me, pursuant to the said summons, or did neglect or refuse to make any defence against the said*charge; but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness, or, [as the case may happen to be], did acknowledge and voluntarily confess the same to be true, and it manifestly appeared to me that he the said E. F. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information;

I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of Current money of Ireland, for the offence

aforesaid, according to the form of the statute in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal the day of

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall Justices may and may be lawful for such justice or justices, where he or they mitigate shall fee cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as lie

or they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigated penalty, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- General blue. Tons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, of of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him Treble costs. or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

io Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 24.

[1803. Duties and

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the duties in thte specified, mentioned, and contained, and all penalties on arty Irish cur- offences in this act mentioned, shall be paid and payable, and

rency. received and receivable in Irish currency, whether the same be fb

expressly mentioned or not.

Act may be

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

altered this to repeal or alter any part of this act, during this present session. session of parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, several acts for granting and con-timing 'duties to his Majesty in Ireland.

[March 24, 1803.]

Certain acts of the parliament of Ireland of 40 Geo. 3. recited.

41 Geo. 3. c. 33.

41 Geo. 3. 93-

41 Geo. 3. c. 100.

WHEREAS several acts were made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of his present Majesty' s feign* one intituled An act for granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable i/pon the articles therein specified during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned; another intituled An act for ascertaining the (lock of foreign wines belonging to dealers m and fellers of such wines, on the twenty-fifth of March one thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain duties of excise thereon, and for granting to his Majesty a further duty on rum imported, and certain dudes on the exportation of certain goods to the British plantations in America and the West Indies, in lieu of all other duties; another intituled An act- for the union of Great Britain and Ireland; another intituled An act for granting to his Majesty excise duties on foreign wines in his Majesty's stores, or in the stores or warehouses of dealers in or retailers of wine, at the time therein mentioned, and for granting further duties on spirits distilled, and on sweets or made wines, made in Ireland; another intituled An act for granting an additional duty on refined sugars imported into this kingdom; another intituled An act for amending and making perpetual the several laws for regulating the watch in the district of the metropolis, and for granting a further duty upon pawnbrokers: and whereas an act made in the parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the forty-first year of his find Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing certain duties upon tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other duties ir> lieu thereof; and for granting additional duties on sugar and coals imported into Ireland: and whereas another act was passed in the same session of parliament, intituled, An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an act made in the present session of parliament as permits British hops to be imported into Ireland at a low rate of duty: and whereas another act was passed in the same session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the tax on felaries,

profits

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 24. nr

profits of employments, fees, and pensions in Ireland) of persons ilot residenf in Ireland, for a certain period: and whereas an act was made in the parliament of the said united kingdom., in the forty-second year of his said Majestfs reign y intituled, Ary ad 42 Geo. to repeal the additional duty of six pounds per centum, on the c# l°h duties payable on the importation into Ireland, of certain goods imported by retailers or consushers; and for repealing and reducing certain duties on policies of insurance, and sea-insurances, in Ireland: and whereas the duties granted by the said first mentioned act passed in the parliament Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, not altered or repealed by any other of the said recited acts, and also the duties granted by certain of the said other recited acts; (except the excise duties granted by the said fourth recited all on foreign wines in his Majesty's Jlores or in the Jlores or warehouses of dealers in or retailers of wine at the time therein mentioned\ have, by divers alls of the parliament of the united kingdom, made in the forty -first and forty second years aforesaid^ been continued until the twenty-jiftb day of March one thousand eight hundred and three: and WheNas it is expedient that the said first-recited act, subject to the alterations made by the said other recited acts, or any of thetny and also the several duties granted by any of the said other recited acts, the duration of which were limited or continued to the twenty fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three,

should be further continued5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ThatT^uties grant-the duties granted by the said first recited act passed in the par- ed iiament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his Majesty's reign, which were, by certain other of the above recited acts, 'con- Geo. 3. which tinued until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thou- were by the sand eight hundred and three, and not repealed by any of the °j£<er recitcJ said other recited acts, or by any act passed in the fortieth, forty- tinued tiR first, or forty-second years aforesaid, or in this session of par- March 25, Iiament, and also the several duties granted by the said other 1803, and not recited acts, the duration of which is limited or continued to repealed* the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred duties wanted* and three, (except the said excise duties on foreign wines in by the other store herein-before mentioned), shall respectively continue, and above recited be in force throughout Ireland, from and after the twenty-fifth a&8 (e?5fP* day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, until and jutie^on upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred wines in and four; and that all the said recited a efts, so far as they are not store), shall altered or repealed as aforesaid, and all the powers and provisions, be further, articles and clauses, matters and things, contained in the t!

recitecLads or^any of them, shall be observed and complied with 1804., during the time hereby granted, as4fully and effectually as if the same had been extended to the term hereby granted, and as if the term hereby granted had made part of the said recited acts, or any of them; and the several articles in respect whereof any duty is imposed or continued by the said recited acts, or any of them, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March

one

112 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 25.

[1803, '

one thousand eight hundred and three, and not repealed

as aforesaid, shall respectively be liable to the duty or duties hereby continued or made payable on the same, under the regulations and provisions of the said recited acts respectively, from the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, according, to the true intent and meaning of this act.

Monies arif-

II. And be it enacted, That all the monies arising from the ing by the duties granted or continued by the said several recited acts, and catTh-dtotiie ^cre^y continued, and not by any of the said acts appropriated consolidated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses, purpose fund of Ire- or purposes, the necessary charges of raising and paying the same land. being dedusted, shall be carried to and made part of the consoli-

dated fund of Ireland.

Act may be

III. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, alte.rc? r.rc* varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present gfij. 16 session of parliament.

From June 1, 1803, officers of the revenue herein specified, incapable of voting in any election of members to serve in parliament for Ireland.

CAP. XXV.

An act for better securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament for any place in Ireland, by disabling certain officers employed in the colicflion or management of his Majestfs revenues in Ireland from giving their votes at such electionss — [March 24, 1803.]

FOR the better securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament; be it enacted by the King's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, no commissioner, collector, surveyor, supervisor, gauger, or other officer or person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the duties of excise in Ireland, or any branch or part thereof; nor any commissioner, collector, surveyor, comptroller, searcher, or other officer or person whatsoever, concerned, or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing the duties of customs in Ireland, or any branch or part thereof; nor any surveyor, collector, comptroller, inspector, or other officer or person whatsoever concerned, engaged, or employed, by or under the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing any of the duties, taxes, or impositions in Ireland, paid or levied under the direction of such of, or any of them; nor any commissioner, officer, or other person, concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing any of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in Ireland; nor any person appointed by the said last mentioned of for distributing of damps in Ireland; nor any podmaster or podmasters-general, or his or their deputy or deputies^ nor any person employed by or under him or them in

/ receiving.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III.-c. 26. 113

receiving, coliefling, or managing the revenue of the post office in Ireland^ or any part thereof; nor any captain, matter, or mate if any ship, packet, or other vessel, employed by or under the postmaster or postmasters-general in Ireland, in conveying the mail from and to Ireland, to or from Great Britain, or to or; fcpm any other place whatever; shall be capable of giving his vote in any election for the choice of any representative in parliament for any county, city, county of a city, borough, town corporate, university, or other place whatever in Ireland; and ifVoteof such ^ny. person hereby made incapable of voting as aforesaid shall officers, and nevertheless presume to give his vote, during the time he shall after\ddineS hold, or within twelve calendar months after he shall cease to such offices, (hold or execute any of the offices aforesaid contrary to the true to be void, inteqt and meaning of this act, such votes so given shall be held and the of-null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and every person so offending shall forfeit, the sum of one hundred pounds an£j beinca-Irish currency, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other pacitated, moiety thereof to be paid into the hands of the treasurer of the county, ^city, towq, or place in Jr eland) within which such offence shall have, been committed, to; be applied and disposed of to the use of some publick charitable institutiop, or to such other charitable purposes; within the said county, city, town, or place, as the justices at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for fudi county, city, town, or place in Ireland', shall think fit, and to be recovered by, any person that will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record m Dublin^ in which no essoign, pro-teflion, privilege, or wager of law, nor{moEe than one imparlance shall be allowed; and the person against whom any such penalty shall bej recovered, shall become, and is hereby declared*diiabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or

place of trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his heirs or successors. 1

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act not to act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any exten<Lf° P* office in Ireland now held or usually granted to be held by letterstent offices» patent for any estate of inheritance or freehold.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein nortopersons contained shall extend to any person who shall resign his office resigning be-or employment on or before the said first day of June one thou-^une* (and eight hundred and three.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person shall be Lhmtation of liable to any forfeiture or penalty by this act laid or imposed, a lons* unless prosecution for the same be commenced within twelve calendar months next after such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XXVI.

An all fir enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity on his royal highness the prince of Wales, to continue until the fifth day of Judy one thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his Majesty,

i as

114 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 26. [1803.

as directs the annual payfhent of thirteen thousand pounds out of the revenues of the duchy of Cotnwall to the commisponers appointed by the said act.

[March 24, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS jrour Majesty, by your most gracious tneflagt to your faithful commons, has been plea fed to declare that your Majesty, having taken into consideration the period which has elapsed since the adoption of the arrangements which were deemed by the wisdom of parliament to be necessary fof the discharge of the incumbrances of the prince of Waksy and havitig adverted to the progress which has been made in carrying them into effect, recommended the present situation of the prince to the attention of your faithful commons, in the persuasion that they would be disposed to take such measures as might be calculated to promote the comfort and support the dignity of so distinguished a branch of the royal family: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain and Ireland^ in parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That At shall and may be lawful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, by any warrant under his royal sign jnanual, to give and grant to his said royal highness the prince of Wales one annuity of sixty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; which annuity of sixty thousand pounds may commence and take effect from the nfth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three, and continue from thenceforth until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual days of payment in the year; videlicet, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of Jufy, the tenth day of October# and the fifth day of January in every year, by even and equal portions, the first quarterly payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three; and that the said annuity of sixty thousand pounds shall and may, by such warrant, be directed 16 be issued and be payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund of Great Britain, during the period hereinbefore mentioned, (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Turns as shall have been directed to be paid but of the same by any act or acts of parliament made previous to the time of passing this act, and with a preference to all other payments which shall or may, at any time or times after the passing of this act, be charged upon and payable out of the said fund).

II. And be it further enacted, That the said annuity of sixty thousand pounds shall be paid and payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, out of the said fund; and the auditor of the said receipt shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such warrant, to make fprth and pa& debentures^ ftQra time to time*

"* for

His Majesty may grant to the prince of Wales an annuity of 60, 000l., to commence from Jan. 5, 1803, and continue till July 5, 1806, to be payable 'quarterly oat of the consolidated fund,

at the exchequer, without fees,

180$.] Anno xtgni quadragesimo tertio Georgii IIIrc. 27.

for paying the said annuity as the same shall become^ due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of his said royal highness shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and the said debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity during the continuance of the same, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the faicfannuity of sixty and to be free thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear fromal, tax€g» from all taxes, rates, and assessments, and all other charges whatsoever imposed, or to be imposed by authority of parliament,

or otherwise, nor to any other charge whatsoever; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the ^ton demise event of the demise of the crown during the continuance of the annufty^0* said annuity, then and in that case the said annuity shall from cease<Y thenceforth wholly cease and determine.

V. And whereas by an act made in the thirty-fifth year rf the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enabling his 35 Geo. 3. Majesty to settle an annuity on his royal highness the prince ofc. 1*9.

Wales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of his said royal highness; for making provision out of his revenues for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highness; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future, and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues; it is among other things enacted, that the receiver-general, or other proper officer of his royal highness the prince of W ales, as duke of Cornwall, to whom the receipt of the revenues of the said duchy should be entrufied) Jbouldy from time to timey pay to the of appointed by the said recited act the yearly sum of thirteen thousand pounds out of the rents, ijfuts, and profits of the (did duchy, to be applied to the purposes directed by the said act: and whereas it is expedient that fitch payment should no longer be continued; be it therefore enacted, That So much of so much of the said act as directs the payment and application of theap-the said sum of thirteen thousand pounds out of the revenues of plication of the said duchy of Cornwall, in the manner, and to the purposes 13, 000l. out therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and of the revenue that the payment and application of the said revenues, in the ^ornwaH^ manner in the said act directed, shall wholly cease, and be^rc_9deemed, taken, and construed, to have determined on and from pealed, the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three.

-cap. xxvir.

An act for the regulation of hit royal marine forces while of

/ shore.^[March4, 1803.]

t 2

116 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III.sc. 28. [i8p£,

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for grunting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon letters and packets sent by the poji within Ireland.

[March 25, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Geo. 3. c. 8. act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, certain1 duties and rates upon the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets within this kingdom, certain duties of pojiage wen impoj'ed within Ireland) for a time therein limited; which act has been by several a his of the parliament of the united kingdom continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three; and it is expedient that the said rates and duties should be further continued, and that certain regulations should be made for the colliding and levying the fame\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From March assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after shall be paid^n twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and Ireland the three, it mall and may be lawful to and {br the postmaster or

following postmasters-general of Ireland) for the time being, and his or their deputy or deputies, servants, and agents, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the portage and conveyance of all letters and pack* ets which he or they shall convey, carry, or fend post to and from places within Ireland, according to the several rates and futps of rates of poll- money, Irish currency, herein after mentioned; that is to say,

age. for the port and conveyance of every single letter or piece of

paper from the office in Ireland, where such letter or piece of paper shall be put in, to any distance within the same, not exceeding fifteen miles Irish measure, the sum of two-pence; and to any distance exceeding fifteen miles, and not exceeding thirty miles, the sum of three-pence; and to any distance exceeding, thirty miles, and not exceeding fifty miles, the sum of four-pence; and to any distance exceeding fifty miles, and not exceeding eighty miles, the sum of five-pence; and to any distance exceeding eighty miles the sum of sixpence; and for the port or conveyance of every double letter, double the said sums respectively; and for every treble letter, treble the said sums respectively; and for every ounce weight, four times the said sums respectively; and so in proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a single letter; and that all letters and packets, directed from any place in Ireland to any part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any part or parts beyond the seas, shall be charged and pay for their portage and conveyance within Ireland from or to Dublin) Waterford) or Donaghadee, or any other port where packet-boats for the conveyance of letters to and from Ireland are or may be established,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 117

as they shall respectively be shipped from orlanded in any of the said places, according to the rates aforesaid; and that every letter or packet passing through the generalapost-office in the city of Dublin, from any place within Ireland, not lese distant than four w miles from the general post office in the said city, to any place within Ireland, not less distant than four miles from the general fM>ft-offiqe in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the distances herein-before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the same rates from Dublin; and that for every letter or packet directed on board or brought or Ship letters, font from on board any ship or vessel riding or flopping in any port within Ireland, there shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above the rates aforefojd, the sum of one penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful British post-toand for his Majesty's postmaster-general or postmasters-general of Ireland, and his or their deputies, and he and they are hereby addition to required to demand and receive for the port and conveyance of rates, and all letters anti packets for Ireland from Great Britain or foreign accounted for parts, in addition to the'.rates of postage hereby reserved, such further, rates of postage as now are, or hereafter shall be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets by any act or acts now made, or hereafter to be made, for charging postage thereon

in Great Britain; and that his Majesty's port matter or postmasters-general of Ireland, shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to account for and pay the same quarterly to the revenue of the post office of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Rates of post-lawful to and for the postmaster or postmasters-general of Ireland, aSe

for the time being, and his or their deputies, from and after the ]^"e^twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyr ance of all letters and packets conveyed by the penny-post in Ireland, according to the several rates herein after mentioned,

(that is to say), that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet not being more than four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the circular road about the city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such letter or # packet into the penny-post office, the sum of one penny; and for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, from or to any place beyond the said limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to any place within the circuit of the penny-post office, there shall be paid at the time of putting in such letter or packet, the sum of one penny, and a further sum of one peijny on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or packet of any weight which shall be font to, or tdelivered from, the*general penny-post office by the penny poll, from ^br to any place not being within the said limits as-before ascertained, there shall be paid the sum.of one, penny qver and aboye, and exclu* 1 five of the several rates chargeable thereon, _ - ^.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every bill of exchange, WHs °?e*-

merchants' change,

118 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GeorgiiHL [i8d$. charged as merchants' account, invoice, or bill of lacting, writ, process, or let- proceeding at law, written upon the same (hector piece of paper, er8, with a letter, and everp latter to or from fevoral or distmd

persons, written upon the fiuae (beet or piece of paper, shall bo rated, taxed, and paid for, as so many several or distinct letters, according to thfe several rates established \>y this act, or hew*

1 after to be established by any a d to be pissed relative to the portage of letters within Ireland.

V. And whereas patterns of cloth, fit, fluff* and[mall[ample* of other forts of goods, are frequently inclefed in a ftnglt letter or piece of Letters with t*per* andfent by the pq/i; be it further entded, That for every patterns to single letter or cover endorsed on the outside, patterns, " con-py as double taiuing one or more paper or papers with patterns, or containing e er8, one or more pattern or patrerns of cloth, (ilk, or fluff, or one or more sample or samples of any other fort of goods, and containing no other writing, matter or thing, save only what appertains to such patterns or samples, if the same together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double letter by this act, or by any act to be passed relative to the/portage of letters in Ireland, shall be paid, and no more.

Account to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That the postmaster or (^oft-kept of money masters-general of Ireland for the time being, shall cause an ^filing by the account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, his heirs duties. and facceflors, by virtue of this act.

VII. And be it further efladled, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after paying all charges, outgoings, disbursements, law proceedings, expences, and all fabrics

lrifc^nfoH- ncce5^ry f°* the receipt and management of the same, and all dated fund." expences attending the said office, and the due execution of this act, shall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, in such manner, and at such time and times, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, shall direct and appoint, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the postmaster or postmasters-general of Ireland^ now or for the time being, or any pcHbn concerned in the execution of this act, shall neglect

master8or°*or rc^u^c° perform any matter or thing whatsoever, according officers. to the true intent and meaning of this act j or if they, or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert, or misapply any of the monies by them, or any of them, collided or received by virtue of this act, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, then, and in every such case, every person so offending shall forfeit his office, and be incapable to serve his Majesty> his heirs or successors, in any office or place of trust or profit, and shall be liable, for every such offence, to forfeit and pay treble the sum so embezzled, diverted, or mibpplied.

To be paid into exchequer of Ireland, and carried to

Penalty on neglect or embezzle

1Scj.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 119

IX. And be it further enacted, That neither the sixpence per No fees to pound, nor, any other fee, shall be payable to, or be deduced or j£0^£"sing leceived by any officer or officers employed by virtue of this act, under this to his or their use, for or on account of the issuing or payment aft. of any ium or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same mail be accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it further enacted, That no letters or packets sent Letters or by the poll in Ireland to or from any place or places whatsoever,

shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage according to poitagr, the rates established by this act, other than and except such as under letters and packets as are excepted, and in such manner, and 4* Geo. 3. 'tinder such restrictions as are declared and enacted concerning c* the same, in and by an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An q& to authorise the sending and receiving of letters and pockets, votes* proceedings in parliament* and printed newspapers* by the post*free from the duty of postage* by the members of the two houses of parliament of the united kingdom*, and by certain publish officers therein named*and for reducing the postage on such votes* proceedings* and newspapers when sent by any other per fins \ or except as is herein after excepted, declared, and enacted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Adjutant- Majesty's adiutant-general in Ireland for the time being, to fend pnerajm and receive letters and packets by the port in Ireland* free from tempted, the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions as- persons heretofore or now authorised to fend or receive letters, free from the duty of postage, in Ireland* do now send and receive letters, free from the said duty of postage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any publick Letters sent officer in Ireland* in the said recited act of the forty-second year to pubuX^of-aforesaid, or in this act mentioned, shall receive under cover to ficcra in Ire- him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates land, to evade granted by this act, any letters or packets intended for or <?uty> shall be directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby authorised post-officlTin and required to fend the same to the general post office in Dublin* Dublin.

in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of postage payable thereon; it being the true intent and meaning of this act that the privilege of fending and icceiving*letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own immediate and private concerns.

XI1J* And be it further enacted, That all covers containing Muster-affida-muster-affidavits from the out«pen(ioners of the royal hospital °^vitnffon^8°of' Kilminham* and sent from any place within Ireland* directed to ham

the register of the said hospital, shall be delivered to the said hospital to register free of the duty of postage; - provided that every such Pak in cover shall be unsealed, and shall contain no other inclosure, save vers^anddfo and except the said muster-affidavits* and that all printed receipts receipts of

for out-pensioners.

120 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. {YSiMji, for the pay of such obt-pensioners, made up as a letter, or cover of a letter, and directed with the words, M To out-pensioner of the royal hospital of Kilmainham" being printed' thereon, and sealed with the seal of the paymaster of the far# royal hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of portage* to such out-pensioners within Ireland, to whom they shall be*directed respectively, provided such printed receipts shall riafr

If containing contain any enclosure; and if any such receipt, cover, or ntufter-any other in- affidavit shall be found to contain any inclosure whatsoever, trgblcpottage contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and p ' in that case every such receipt made up as a cover or letter,

every such cover or mutter-affidavit, shall be charged and liable to treble the duty of portage, according to the rates established by this act$ any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise, notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas frauds may be ptaftifed in fending coverx, lettersy and packets by the post in Ireland, directed to members of parliament, and other persons privileged by the said recited act of the forty second year aforesaid, or by this at7, to receive letters and packets in Ireland, free of the duty of poJiagey containing letters and packets intended for other sy and not intended forfuth members or other persons to whom such covers, letters, and packets are so directed, whereby the persons for whom such letters and packets are really intended may re* ceive such covers, letters, and packets free from the duty of postage in Letters to Ireland, to the injury of the revenue in Ireland; for remedy

members of whereof be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and parliament in for the postmaster or postmasters-general of Ireland, and all tafrin betters Persons act'ng under this act, to charge the whole of such covers, forotfers, letters, and packets with treble the duty of portage, according charged with to the rates established by this act; any thing herein contained treble pottage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

But oncer-

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall tificate of appear by the certificate of such member, that such cover, letter, member, post- or packet, so charged, was actually intended for such member, retuirocl or ^or ^ome and not covering a correspondence to

any person not resident in his house, that then, and in every such case, the portage so charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

Votes* pro-

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing ceedings in herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of portage parliament, or in Inland any printed votes, or proceedings in parliament; or free of*pottage Pr'ntec* newspapers, being sent by the post without covers, or in in Ireland. covers open at the (ides, which shall be signed on the outside thereof by any member of parliament, or which shall be directed to any such member at any place in Ireland, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the postmaster -general of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's postmaster or post matters-general of Ireland, who shall be thereunto licensed by the said postmaster or poftpVafterS-general respectivelyr provided such newspapers shall be so folded as that the ftajnp thereon shall be visible but that all such votes,

proceed*

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. tzt

proceedings in parliament, and printed qewfpapers, so lent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of postage under this act;

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no news- Time of put/-.paper, printed in Ireland, shall pass free of pottage, from the p general post office in Dublin, pursuant to any notice given i»thepoftm writing under and by virtue of the said recited act of the forty- Ireland, second year aforesaid, or of this act, or from any other, port-office

in Ireland, unless such newspaper shall be put into such post-offices of the Cities or towns in which such newspapers shall be printed respectively, two hours at the lead before the time of the port being dispatched therefrom.

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the non-commissioned officers, seamen, and privates, employed in his Majesty$ navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, and marines, should, whilst on service, ' be permitted to send and receive ftngle letters by the pofl in f, .'Ireland, on their own private concerns, at a low rate of postage; be

it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty- single letters

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, no from non-

single letter sent by the post in Ireland\ from any non-commis- cwnmissioned

fioned'officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's p^tes^o

navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, oniy

shall, whilst such.non-commissioned officer, seaman, marine, or each.

private respectively, shall be employed on his Majesty's service,

and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable with any higher

rate of postage than the sum of one penny for the conveyance of

every such letter, such rate of postage of one penny for every such letter to be paid at the time of putting the same into the post office of the town or plaee in Ireland, from whence such

letter is intended to be sent by the post; and that no single If id. paid in

letter, sent by the post from any non-commissioned officer, G^at Britain,

seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, mi- paidi^Ire-

litia, sensible regiments, artillery, or marines, from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, shall, whilst such non-commissioned

Officer, seaman, or private respectively, shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable

with any rate of postage whatsoever in Ireland, in case a duty

of postage of one penny shall have been paid thereon in Great Britain.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no letter or Such letters letters sent by the post from any non-commissioned officer, have the seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army,

militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, shall be ex- direction. empted from the payment of the rate of postage chargeable upon letters in Irelandunless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand»writiqg of and signed by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship or vesse), or of the corps, regiment, or detachment to which each non^commissioned officer, seaman, or private employed in his Majesty's .service ffiatttefipeftively belong, the nartie of fifth eammanding officer* \

122 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. [1803.

and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment commanded by him.

Single letter*

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and SrcwT*! Set. three, no single letter sent by the post, directed to any nee* to pay only' commissioned officer, seaman, or private, in Ireland, employed id. if directed iahis Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, th ^c^-at or marine*, upon his own private concerns only, whijft such re.

I fpo^vo non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private shall be employed in his Majesty's service and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable with an higher rate of postage than the sum of one penny for each such letter; which sum of one penny shall be paid at the time of the delivery thereof.

XXI. Provided always, and be it eoadled. That no such letter wed only1"* CXCttlPtC(* from the rate of postage chargeable in Ireland to the parties upon letters, unless every such letter shall be directed to such them&lvcs, non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private employed in hisc. Majesty's service, specifying the ship, vessel, regiment, troop,

corps, company, or detachment to which he may belong: and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the postmaster of the town or place in Ireland, to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person, except to the non-commissioned officer, seaman or private to whom such letter shall be directed, or to same person employed to receive the lame, by the commanding officer of the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment to which the non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private to whom such letter shall be directed, shall belong.

Forgingor

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or counterfeiting person* whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit the seal or hand-or ma^ "fe of l^c name of any person whomsoever, in altering date, the fuDerscription of any letter or packet to be sent by the port or fending in Ireland, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage

forged frank, there, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packet, or shall write, or cause to be written or sent by the post in Ireland, any fetter or packet, the superscription, or any part whereof, shall be forged, counterfeited, or altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage there, knowing the same to be forged, or forging counterfeited, or altered; or if any person or persons shall forge certificate of or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, member, or altered, any such certificate of any member of either house of parliament, as is in this act mentioned, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of the duty of postage, in order to have the postage^charged upon any cover, first offence, letter, or packet, refunded, every person so offending, being S^ond thereof duly convicted, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay tWrdffelony, t*le ^Qm °* fifty pounds, and for the second offence the sum of9year* trans-«one hundred pounds, and for the third offence shall be deemed partition.*guilty

1&03-} Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 28. 123

Suifty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years; and Suspe*Sed that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's post-matter or postmasters-general of Irelands and hrs and their de- S^unlefa*putics, and all persons a€ting tinder this ect, to charge any member letter Or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part whereof, certifies them shall appear to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with treble to be hit. the duty of pottage, payable by virtue of this act, which duty shall be levied awl paid, unless the member of either house of parliament, or other privileged person, whbfe superscription it

3arts to be, shall certify, by waiting under his hand, to the matter-general, ' or his deputies, that such superscription, and every part thereof, is of his hand-writing.

XXIII. And be it farther enabled. That if any collector or No toll to received, ferryman, or other person whatsoever in Ireland} ap- be demanded pointed or entrutted, or employed to take or receive the tolls or rates at any turnpike-gate or bar erected upon any highways, boy/orhorses, bridges. Or post roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has &c. withmafl. or shall haw the care of any gate of any walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall demand and take any toll or rate for the coachman, post-boy, expfefs-boy, or rider, guard, servant, or other person, horses, or carriages conveying or employed to carry any mail 6t bag of letters in Ireland, passing through, over, or across the same, or shall not permit and suffer the horses and carriages, together With the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, or rider, guards^ servants, and other persons so employed to pdfs through such toll-gates, bars, or gates, and across such ferries without delay 5 or if any ferryman shall ndt within Ferryman to the space of fifteen minutes after demand made, in all possibleenT cases convey the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, 5 servant, and other persons, together with the horses and car- minutes, ilages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry to the usual landing-place; or if any person having the care of any gate of a walled Gatekeeper town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall not within of walled fifteen minutes after demand made aloud at such gate, open the same, and admit the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, 8 guard, servant, or other persons, together with the horses and horse-carriages employed as aforesaid, such offender Or offenders being convkded thereof by the oath of such coachman, post-boy, express-boy, or rider, or other credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace within the distridf wherein such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorised and required to administer, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the (urn of twenty shillings, to be paid to the informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such Penalty sox. conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every such justice, and committal, he is hereby required, to commit the offender to the house of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of twenty* tme diys, nor less than fourteen days, from the time of commit-teent^ unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

124 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.z8. [1803.

Postmaster

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the post-llia"^e.ePan(j matter, or ppftmasters-general of, shall cause an account

payfUchtolls to ^ePl of U tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages carry-

to trustees of roads, &c.

AH the

dailies in former Irish acts, viz.

*8 Geo. 3. c. 13.

ing or travelling with his Majesty's mails at the several and respective turnpike-gates through which the same shall pass in Inland, and shall fron> time to time capfe the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads in Ireland* to whom the same are respectively payable by four quarterly payments; any law or usage to the* contrary not with (land ing.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, disabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of the same, and all mat-, ters and things contained in an act made in the parliament of

c e°* Inland in the twenty-third and twentyrfourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general pod-office, and the said office called The Penny- P ojl-Office r intituled An act for establishing a post office within this kingdom; and also contained in an act made, in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, to explain and amend the said act

Sailed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign j and also contained in an act made, in the par-36 Geo. 3. C. 7. liament of Ireland, in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, to further explain and amend the said recited act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign; and also to explain and amend the said recited act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign; and also contained in an act made by the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further amendment of the acts relating to the pofi-officey and for further facilitating prosecutions under the said acts, or contained in the said recited act, made in the forty-second year of his Majesty's reign, or in any or either of the said acts, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act; save only so far as the said recited acts, or any of them, are altered, amended, or repealed, or as the matters and things in the said recited acts, or any of them contained, are other wise provided for by this present act, or by any other act now in force in Ireland.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the duties in this act specified, mentioned, and contained, and all penalties on any offences in this act mentioned, shall be paid and payable, ana received and receivable, in Irish currency, whether the same be so expressly mentioned or not.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present section of parliament.

38 Geo. 3. C. 47.

extended to this act, except as altered, repealed, or amended hereby, &c.

Duties and penalties to be paid in Irish cur.

- rency.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 29.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to revive and continue, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an act made in the thirty-third yfear of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; to continue feverat laws relating to the preventing the clandestine running of uncuftoifted goods, and for preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the twenty.ninth day of Sep* tember one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thenceto the end of the then next ie/fion of parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing duties granted by an act for earring into execution the treaty with America to the twenty* fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the use of salt, duty free, in the preserving of fish, in bulk or in barrels, and to the discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one, thousand eight hundred and, four; to the encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of frauggling^ to and from the said island, to the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual encouragement of the mam*» fastures of flax and cOtton in Great Britain, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand right hundred and six; to the importing salt- from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the free importa-»tion of cochineal and indigo, to the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the th$k next session of parliament: to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby, to the twenty-nintfh day of September one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to thri encouragement of the silk njanufactures, to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first day of December one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the thep next session of parliament; and to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, to the twenty?fourth day of Juqe one thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

[March 25, 1803.]

p

Act 23 Geo. 3. c. 76. revived and further continued until March 1, 1806. Several clauses of aft 5 Geo. r: c. it farther continued to; September 29, 1809. Act 42 Geo. 3. 0* 27.' further continued to March 25, 1804.

So muen of 41 Geo. 3. c. 21. as relates to allowing the use of salt duty free in prefeiVing of fish, further continued to March 25, 1804. "Aftr^ Geo. 3. c. 63. further continued to July 5, 1804. Act 23 Geoi 3. c. 77. further continued to June 24, 1806, except so much as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties of customs cn the importation of -brinv* stone used fn making oil of vitriol. Act Geo. 3. c. 19. further continued to June 24, 1808.v Act 7 Geo. 2. c. i&. further continued to September 29, 1805. Act 8 Geo. 1. c., 18. further continued to September 29, 1809, except the clauses obligipg all ships xnd vessels to perform quarantine. So much of aft 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. as relates to the silk manufactures of this kingdom, further continued to June 24, 1808. So much of aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. as imposes a duty on spirits made ifi Scotland continued to Dec. 1. ^809. Act 5 Geo. a. c. 24. further coin-tinued to June 24, 1809, except such part as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into and from the British col'omes and plan. tation6 in America.

CA*\

126 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 30 [1803.

CAP. XXX.

An act to entitle Qomzn cat holt cfo taking and subjiribing tin declaration and oath contained tn the act of the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty\ intituled An ac* to relieve, upon condition^ and under restrictions, the persons therein described from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists, or persons professing the popish religion, are by law subject, to the benefits given by an act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for relieving his Majesty's fubieds professing the popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further preventing the growth of popery.* — [April 7, 180$.]

11 & it Gul. 3. C. 4.

xS Geo. 3. c. 6o»

!i Geo. 3. c. 31.

WHEREAS by an act made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for further preventing the growth of popery; persons educated in the popish religion, or professing the same, under toe circumstances therein mentioned^ were disabled from inheriting or taking by descent, devise, or limitation in possession, reversm, or remainder, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdom of England, dominion Wales, and town Berwick-upon-Tweed, andpapijfis or persons professing the popish religion were disabled from purchajtng any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, terms, or hereditaments within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town ^Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all ejfiates, terms, and other interests or profits whatsoever, out of lands to be made, suffered or done, to or for the ttfe or behoof of any such person or persons, cr upon any trust or confidence mediately or immediately for the relief of any such person or persons, were made void, and other penalties and disabilities were thereby imposed on persons professing the popish religion: and whereas by an act of parliament made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for relieving his Majesty's subjects professing the popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them, by an act made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King tViddam the Third, intituled An act for the further preventing the growth of popery \ the said recited parts of the said act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third were repealed in favour of all persons wise should take the oath pre-fctibed by the act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in manner therein mentioned: and whereas by an act of parliament, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to relieve, upon conditions and under icftridiotis, the persons therein described from certain penalties and disabilities, to which papists or persons professing the popish religion by law are subject, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for persons professing the Roman-catholick religion, to take, make, $nd subscribe the declaration and oath therein expressed and contained

at

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 31. 127

at the times* and in the manner therein mentioned, and the persone takings makings and subscribing the same declaration and oath, wers by the said act relived from several of the penalties and disabilities to which papists or persons professing the popish religion were then sub- jest, but nothing contained in the said act of the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty relieves the persons takings makings or subscribing the declaration and oath thereby prescribed from the penalties and disabilities imposed by the said act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his majesty King William the Thirds so that to be relieved therefrom, it is jlill necessary that persons profiling the Komun-catholick religion flsould take and subscribe the oath expressed and contained in the said act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, whichfame fitch persons by mi flake neglected to do, and therefore still continue subject to the said penalties and difi* abilities; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritutl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Taking the the passing of this present act, the declaration and oath expressed declaration and contained in the said act of the thirty-first year of the reign Gnedin0011* of his present Majesty, shall, as to all persons who have made, 3X Geo. t. taken, and subscribed the same, or who at any time or times c. 3*. shall hereafter shall make, take, or subscribe the same, in the manner therein mentioned, give the same benefits and advantages, and by*r Geo i* be and operate to and for the same intents and purposes, as in c; $0, and by the said act, by the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, is enacted* expressed, and declared, of and concerning the oath thereby prescribed. x

CAP. XXXI.

An act for establishing certain regulations in the office of surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, for efts, parks, and chafes.

[April 7, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that the mo ft effectual means

should be employed for preventing abuses in his Majesty's

wiods and forests, parks and chafes* be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice-and consent of '

the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Every officer from and after the passing of this act, every officer appointed to under the any office by or under the surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, forests, parks, and chases, shall take the following oath, MajestyV. to be administered to him by the said surveyor-general $ (that is woods shall to fav) % take the fol-

lowing

4T A. fl. do swear, that I will truly, honestly, faithfully, and dill- oatil*

X gently execute the duties of the otffice to which I have been appointed by [or under] the surveyor-general of the woods, Forests, parks, and chases; and that I will not for the execution thereof, or

on

' 128 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 31. [1805.

on any other account or pretext whatsoever, receive, take, or ac* cept, in respect of the said office, at any time, any perquifkeof any description, ' or any emolument, pecuniary or other, except, or'heyond the salary and allowances (if an*y) specified in the written instrument by which I have been appointed.

So help me GOD.

All returns

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the and estimates passing of this act, all returns and estimates of the quantity, trees'&c. quality, and value of timber trees, coppice and underwood, and and of works of or concerning inclosiires, buildings, repairs, plantations, and to be done other works, to be done and executed in the said woods, forests, in the said parks, and chases, and also all accounts of monies received and shall be finned exPended for or on account of the lale of any such timber trees, and verified coppice, or ubderwood, and for of on account of any such in-upon oath, closure, buildings, repairs, plantations, or other works, and for before a juf-

or on account of any other matter or thing touching the said fuAeyor-woods, forests, parks, and chases, which shall be made or ren-general. dered by any officer under his Majesty's fUrveyor-general of the said woods, forests, parks, and chases, or by any other person _ employed by or under him, shall, within a convenient time after the same shall be completed, be subscribed with the name and in the hand-writing, and verified by the oath, of such officer or other person; -such oath to be administered and certified in writing upon such report, estimate or account, either by some justice of the pe&ce in the county where such wood, forest, park, or chase, shall be situated, or by the said surveyor-general, at the discretion of the said surveyor-general, which oath such surveyor-general is hereby authorised and required to administer, or direct to be administered by such justice of the peace, j Copies of such

III. And it is also hereby enacted, That true copies of all

to^trans-0 estimates, reports, and accounts, shall be transmitted by

mittcdtothe the officer or person making or rendering the same, subscribed surveyor- with the name and in the hand-writing of such officer or other general, two person, to the said surveyor-general, at least two calendar vious to their mont's previous to such verification thereof upon oath as afore-verification, said; and that it shall be lawful for the said surveyor-general, at who may re- any time'after he shall have received such copies of such efti-quire the par- mates, returns, or accounts, and previous to the verification him to hereof as aforesaid, to require of the officer or other person

examined making or rendering the same, to attend him, and be examined upon oath, upon oath, to be administered to such officer or other person and cause the by the said surveyor-general, and which oath the said survey.or-5be reduced 8enera's ^ere^y authorised to administer, touching and con-into writing, cerning all or any of the particulars and items contained in such estimates, returns, or accounts, and touching and concerning the condutf of such officer or other person in the execution of their duty, in respect to the matters to which such estimates, returns, or accounts shall relate; which examination, or the substance and effect thereof, the said surveyor-general, when he shall think proper, shall cause to be reduced into writing, and signed by

1803.] Anno fcgni quidtageftmo tertio Georgii III. c. 32. 129

such officer or other person; and if upon such examination it Unintentional shall appear that' any unintentional error or errors flxall have been committed by such officer or other person, in the return, ^hich shall be estimate, or account Concerning which such examination shall certified by be had ar\d taken, it fh&H be lawful for such officer or other the surveyor-person ro correct such error in the same, and in the copy thereof general, so transfhitted as aforesaid to the said surveyor-general, previous to the verification thereof upon oath, in manner aforesaid, in which case such correction or corrections shall be certified by the said surveyor-general in writing, both upon the copy and upon the original account intended to be verified upon oath as aforesaid. '

_IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such officer or Persons guilty other person as aforesaid, shall in any such verification upon P*rjury oath, or on examination as aforesaid, be guilty of wilful an<l lia^{hment. corrupt perjury, such officer or other person so offending shall pu J be liable to be punished in such manner as is provided by the different laws and statutes now in force for the punishment of wilful and corrupt perjury.

V1 And whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage is not extended to the surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, for efts, parks, and chases, who by virtue of his office necessarily /ends and receives many letters and packets relating to the publick service of this kingdom \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the Surveyor-said surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, forests, parks, and general may chases, for the time being, shall and may send and receive let- ceWetettera* ters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the same and packet* manner and under such restrictions as other officers mentioned postage free, in an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present as other Majesty, intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in re* lotion to the sending and receiving letters and packets free from the Geo. 3.0.14# duty of postage \ and also in another act made in the forty-second and 4a Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act toG-65* authorise the sending and receiving of letters and packets, votes, pro-'cetdtngs in parliament, and printed newftapers by the post % free from the duty of postage, by the members of the two houses of parliament of the united kingdom, and by certain publick officers therein named; and for reducing the postage on such votes, proceedings, and news* papers', when sent by any other persons j are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the said acts; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for allowing vessels, employed in the Greenland wha^e-fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain pprts for the present season.

[April 7, 1803.]

Vol. XLIV. K CAP.

i jo Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 33. [1803.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to repeal certain parts of an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for the more speedy. and effectual enrolment'of the militia of Ireland; and for filling up vacancies therein, and for making other provisions in lien thereof — '[April 7, 1803.]

43 Geo. 3. c. a. TI WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parlia* in part recited, y y mn^ intituled An act for the more speedy and effectual enrolment of the militia of Ireland; and for filling up vacancies therein; it is amongst other things enacted, that it should be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beings at any time within four rrtonths after the tiffing of the said act, to issue his orders to all or any of the fever at colonels and other commanding officers of the respective regiments of militia in Ireland, requiring him or them to proceed to enrol a certain number of volunteers; and that for that purpofi it should be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to issue his orders to the lords commissionert

of the treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance, from time to time, any sum or sums of money, not exceeeding the amount in the fid aft mentioned, as the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid might by such order dire ft, and to pay to the several colonels, or other commanding officers of the different regiments of militia in Ireland, such sum or sums of money, not exceeding' the rate of two guineas for every private man that might be so enrolled9, and it was by the said recited act further enacted, that, upon such order being issued, the said several colonels or commanding officers should proceed to enlist and enrol volunteers of the description in the said act mentioned, giving to each man, by way of bounty, any sum not exceeding the sum of two guineas per man, to be paid as in the said act is mentioned; and it was also in and by the said recited act provided and enacted, that it should not be lawful for any colonel or commanding officer in the said act mentioned, or for any other person on his or their behalf, to give or engage to give any greater sum of money, or other largess, bounty, or reward than the said sum of two guineas, for the purpose of inducingany man toenrol himself as a volunteer*, and it was in and by the said recited act further enacted, (among other things) that in case any vacancy should occur by death'or desertion, it should be lawful for the said colonels or commanding

officers to procure and enrol, from time to time, volunteers to fill any vacancies that might happen by such death or desertion, and to pay such volunteer a sum not exceeding two guineas for each man, out of the stock-purse of the said regiment: and whereas it was also by the said recited act further enacted, that any colonel or commanding officer who should make any untrue return to the office of the secretary to the lord-lieutenant, or to the grand jury of the county to which his regiment belongs, shouldforfeit the sum of five hundred fbunds Irish currency, for every such offence, to be recovered as in the said act is directed: and whereas it is expedient that the said rate of bounty

Should

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 33. 131

should be increased, and that the said recited provisons of the said act herein mentioned should be repealed, and other provisions made in lieu thereof; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and Somuc^of temporal, and commons, tn this present [iarliament affpmblecj, rwited^aft as and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said re- relates to the cited aft as relates to the rate of bounty to be given to volun- rate of teers in the said recited act mentioned, and such of the clauses unty* and and provisions of the said act as are herein-before recited, shall, protons, from and after the passing of this act, be, and the same is and are shall be re-hereby accordingly repealed. pealed.

H. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- The lord-ful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors lieutenant of Ireland for the time being, at any time within twelve months ^.rlg elu after the passing of this act, to issue his orders to all or any of rQning volun-T the several colonels and other commanding officers of the respect teers, and rive regiments of militia in Ireland, authoring and requiring may require him or them to enrol a certain number of volunteers, not exceeding in any case the present complements of the several money to the establishments of their respective regiments, and such number commanding as shall be from time to time necessary to supply any vacancies of^?e.rs °*the in the same by death, desertion, or lawful discharge; and for ^ceeding1 that purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said lord-lieute- four guineas hant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, for each man from time to time, to issue his order or orders to the lords com- enrolled, hiissioners of the treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance from time to time any sum or Turns of money as the said lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, may by such order or orders direct, and to pay to the several colonels* or other commanding officer or officers of the different regiments of militia in Ireland, any sum or Turns of money not exceeding the rate of four guineas for every private man that may be from time to time so enrolled.

Ill* And be it further enacted, That upon such order pr (Jpon receiv* orders being issued as aforesaid, the said several colonels, or other ing such commanding officer or officers of the said regiments, shall, from orders, the time to time, immediately after the receipt of such order or officer^all^ orders, proceed to enlist and enrol within their respective county, proceed to or county of a city, such volunteers, being able-bodied men, enlist volun-usually resident within such respective counties, and not being ^er8» g, vinS less than five feet and four inches in height, and not more y be

than forty-live years of age, as can be procured, giving to each directed by man by way of bouhty any sum or sums, and in such propor- the lord-lieu-tions, and payable at such time or times as the lord-lieutenant, tenant* or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, may from time to time direct, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four guineas per man.

IV. Provided always, and te it enacted, That it shall not be No larger lawful to or for any colonel or other commanding officer or ^nto^o-officers o£any regiment of militia, or to or for any other per- fleers, than

K 2 Ton shall be or-

Anna regm quadragesimo tcttia Georgii III. c. 3$.

[1803.

dcred by the fan or perfoa$ whatsoem on his or their behalf, to advance Of lord-lieute- g*lve> or to Engage or promise to advance or give, for the pm: - naD 4 pose of inducing any mpn to enrol himself as a volunteer, any

greater or larger sum of money, or any other largess, bounty* or reward than such fun* or furas of money as shall be so ot dcred by the lacd-lieutenant, or other chief governor or cfoef ^governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner aforesaid. Volunteers'V. And be it further enacted, That in cafo any vacancies 8^ occur in the fai4 militia by death, deiqrtiott, or lawful <JiC- up Vacancies charge, it shall apd may be lawful for foe several colonels, or by death, de- other coit*raajfofo& officers of foe foveral regiments, to procure* fertion, or dif-and enrol, from time to time, volunteers tQ fill up any vacant ?h11 he W^d way happen by fuqh deaths desertion, or discharge,

bounties*? ta P^y^web volunteer Cuch sum or sums, and in such pro- ordered by the portions, and payable at such time or times as the lord-lieu* lord-lieute- tenant, q* qthqr chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for nant. the time being$ may dire# in manner aforesaid.

Powers of re-

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, rejgufo* cited, aa not tions> clauses, and provisions in the said recited a# of this iefiiqw ompealed, contained, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall be extended shall extend*tu^ this act^ and shall be applied in the execution of this a# in as this a#. foil and ample a manner* to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, regulations, clauses, and provisions were infested and re-enacted in this a#.

Money to re-

VII. And be it further qoacted, That the money, necessary bounties to to reimb.wffe thje several foms hereby aufoorised tp he paid t<?

be raised as volunteers in manner aforesaid, shall be respectively raised

directed by wifoin the several counties and counties of cities in Ireland* so

recited act, manner directed by the said recited a#, (ave and except foat it

ma ePbVralfed and may be lawful for the feveraf grand juries of the info on the Vcmn- counties and counties of cities, to raise the lame, either by prer ties at large, fentment on the county at large, or by prqfentmqnts on separate

or separate baronies or parifoes, as may appear to them, in each particular

baronies or case, to be just and equitable.

Aftmabe

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this a# maybe varied, altered or re- altered, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this prefect pealed this session, of parliament, session,

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to continue, until the eighth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the forty-second year of the reign; of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue, until the eighty day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, an act passed in the Lift session of parliament, for (laying proceedings in'a#ions under the statute of King Henry the Eighth*' "for abridging (picitual ptrtons from having plurfoties of livings, and of taking of fermn" audaHp to stay proceedings in action9 under the act of the thirteenth year Of Queen Elizabeth, touching leases of benefices, and other ecclesiastical livings, with cure.

[April 7, 1803.]

CAP. XXXV.

An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments in trUftres, for further promoting* the service of his Majesty's ordnance at Woolwich.

[April 7, 1803.]

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GeorOHIII. c. 38.53

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for raising the sum of four millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand tight hundred and three.

[April 4», 1803.]

Trtsafury may raise 4*000, 000l. by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner's is prescribed by the malt act of this session, c. 3. concerning loans*

&c. Clauses of the Recited act, relating to exchequer bills, extended to this fcft. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding three*pence per cent., per diem. Exchequer bills not to be received m payment of taxes before April 5, 1804. Exchequer bills, with interest, to be payable out of the first supplies of next session. Bank of England authorised to advance >, 600*600l. on the credit of this act.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to enable his Majesty t6 grant a certain annuity to rear-icJmiral Sir James Saumarez, baronet, and knight of the ittoft honourable order Of the IlAth* in coniidefatfon of his eminent services which he hat performed on various occasions — [April2, 180

His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir Jairtes SauhUrez an annuity of ia0o/. for his life, to Commence July 1*, 1801. Annuity payable at the exchequer without fees* and not chargeable with any tax.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An nit to provide, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand tight hundred and feur9 for the more speedy and effectual cample* tion of the establishment of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up vacancies therein.

[April 22, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the mart speedy and effectual completion of the establishment of officers in the militia of Great Britain, and for facilitating the filling Up vacancies there- r

in: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Rings rrioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any Where any reduction of field officers, or of other bfficers, shall have taken place in the militia of any county, riding, ftiife, stewartry, or place, or in any regiment, battalion, or corps thereof, in Great p]ace; n any - Britain9either under ah art pdffed in the last session of parlia- militia under ment, intituled An act for amending the laws relating to the 4* Geo 3.

militia in England, and for augmenting the militia\ or under an-

Other aft. passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, ^qUenceof the

act to raise and efiabtish a militia force its Scotland; or in confe- diminutionot

_ f Jit__ !^a.^f a: - -» 1 f* — ttt^t — L f v\timl\£kv

quence of any diminution of the numbers of militia mfen for the number of any county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, or in any regi- JJfRcers^ll ment, battalion, or corps of militia thereof, previous to the last if dulyquali-disembodying of the militia forces, every fuich field or other fied, be com-officer wno shall have been so reduced, if duly qualified ac- petent to cording to the provisidns of the said recited acts, 6r either J^can^y

them, €quaj ranfc in

their original commission.

His Majesty may approve of the appointment of any person who, at the late disembodying of the militia.

134 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. [1803.

the militia of them, shall, notwithstanding such reduction, be competent to wMch the* ^uccce<^ to any vacancy of a commission of equal rank in the were serving, regiment, battalion, or corps of militia in which he was serving if approved of at the time of such reduction, or in any regiment, battalion, or byhis Majesty, corps of militia of the same county, riding, shire, stewartry, or and take rank pjace> provided such officer shall he approved by his Majesty as according o ejjgjye to gjj such vacancy. and every such officer, who mall be so appointed to fill such vacancy in' such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, shall take rank, as well within the same as in the general line of militia, according to the date of his original corn million.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectual supplying of vacancies Among the captains of militia, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, on the recommendation of the lieutenant of any county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, or, in his absence, of three deputy lieutenants, to approve the appointment of any person who, at the time of the late disembodying of the militia, was actually serving as a captain in the

__________^ militia of any county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place in Great

wasferving as Britain, or in any regiment, battalion, or corps thereof, apd a captain, and who, under and by virtue of the said recited acts of the lad reduce^asnot ^eon parliament, or either of them, shall have been con-being quali- fidered as reduced, by reason of not having the qualification re-fied to re fume quired by law, to resume his station and rank in the militia of his Ration, such county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, or in such regi-rank accord^ ment* battalion, or corps, by virtue of his original commissioning to^e date and it shall be lawful for every such person, so recommended of his original and approved of as aforesaid, to serve as a captain without commission. having the qualification required bylaw; any thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and every person so serving shall take rank in such militia, or in such regiment, battalion, or corps, as well as in the general line of the militia, according to the date of such original commission. time of passing Andl further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

either of the CVery person who, at the time of the passing of the said recited recited a«fts, acts of the last session of parliament, or either of them, was was serving as actually serving as a captain-lieutenant of militia, to continue to tenant^mayo- ^erve as such; and every such person, so continuing to serve cdntinue«to as such captain-lieutenant, shall be entitled to rank accord-serve as such. ingly.

If officers

IV. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient number duly qualified of officers, duly qualified according to the said recited acts

Every person who, at the

cannot be found within a certain period, officers of the army or marines, on full or half-pay, including

or either of them, or this act, cannot be found to accept of commissions in the militia of Great Britain, within two months from the date of his Majesty's warrant for embodying any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, it shall be lawful for the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants respectively to appoint, for that service, such a number of officers in the army or marines, whether on full or half-pay, or of persons who have had com-lieutenants of mi (lions in any of his Majesty's forces, or in the militia, in-

militiara eluding such officers as are serving at the time as lieutenants in Which com* p

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 39. 135

the regiment* battalion, or corps of militia in which any com^ paniet become pany is become vacant, or in any corps of provisional cavalry which may have been embodied, and have retired therefrom; as ids Majesty, his Majesty shall approve, although not qualified according to may be the laws relating to the militia; provided that such officers, in appointed, the army or marines, or said provisional cavalry, shall not be ap- i\2S&d ^c. pointed to any higher rank in the militia, than they respcdMvely q*have or have had in his Majesty's other forces, or in the militia:

{provided always, that nothing herein contained shall enable any ieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, to appoint any of the persons herein described, to bear any higher commission in the militia than that of captain.

V. And be it further enacted, That if within two months If within the from the date of his Majesty's warrant for embodying any regi- same period ment, battalion, or corps of militia in Great Britain, a sufficient number of officers possessing the qualification required by law ficationswith-within the county, riding, mire, stewartry, or place, to which in the county such regiment, battalion, or corps shall belong, cannot be found cannot be to accept commissions therein, it shall be lawful for the lieute- fons poSlfling nartts and deputy lieutenants respectively, with the approbation qualifications5'of his Majesty, to appoint persons possessing any sufficient in other parts estate or property of the value required by law, in any other of Great Bri-part of England or Wales, if such regiment, battalion, or corps, ^to Theap-shall be part of the militia of England, or in any other part of probation of Scotland, if such regiment, battalion, or corps, shall be part of his Majesty, the militia of ScotlandL appointed.

VI. And, for the better encouragement of militia men who may be attached to the feruice of the artillery, be it further enacted, That His Majesty it shall be lawful for his Majesty, if he shall think fit, to order "leased pay, and direct that any militia men who shall be attached to the to militia-service of the artillery, and shall do duty as artillery-men, shall men attached receive increased pay, toot exceeding such and the like pay to theartil-during the time of their serving and doing duty as artillery- X. men as aforesaid, as any of the men serving in the royal corps of artillery are or may be entitled to; and it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to direct the same to be paid for such periods, and under and subject to such regulations and restrictions, as his Majesty may deem proper and necessary, from time to time, to order and direct in relation to any such increase of pay as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and Continuation remain in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand of eight hundred and four, and no longer.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for appointing of for distributing the money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the convention made between his Majesty and the said United States, among the persons having claims to compensation out of such money.

[April 12, 1803.]

Commissioners appointed who shall take an oath. Parties or witnesses may be examined on oath. Commissioners may fend for persons and records, and appoint officers. Written depositions, &c. may be received

136 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. {S°#

in evidence. Persons giving false evidence, subject to the paint of pflttt -jury. No claim to be received after June i, 1804. Commissioners UmB.five an account of their proceeding* to the treasury, &c. Treasury jfe, issue money necessary for carrying aft into execution, His Majesty^fapply vacanfcies decaitoned by death or resign&tion of commissioneMPr The instalments of 600, 000/ when paid in America, shall be remitted^the bank of England, subject to the order of the comraUfioners. Whft claims are ascertained, orders shall be made out for payment. Notice Of stich remittances or orders for payfbent to be published in the Gazetjjy Orders of the coiptniftiotiers shall be l'ufRcient authority to the Bank*payment. Orders may be transferable.

CAP. XL.

An act for enlarging the period for the payment of part of certain fiuMNt % of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with

and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[May 1?#803.]

CAP. XLI.

An act for merrafing the rates of subsistence to be paid to ina-keeperst and others on quartering soldiers.

[May 17, 1803.]

CAP. XLII.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and tour, so much of an act made in the forty-first year of the reign of bit present Majesty, relating to certain duties on sugar and coffee exported; for. permitting British plantation sugar to be ware* housed; and for regulating and allowing drawbacks on sugar exported, as relates to repealing the duties on sugar and coffee exported, anil allowing Britifji plantation sugar to be warehoused.- — [May 17, 1803.]

CAP. XLIII.

An ftCKto continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thott-sand eight hundred and four, several acts of parliament for the better collection and security of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland j. and for pri* venting frauds therein.

[May 17, 1803.]

CAP. XUV.

An off to amend and continue (until three months after any refiriftien imposed by any act of the present session of parliament on the bank of England from issuing cash inpayments shall ceefe)9 an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the restrictions on payments in cafb by the bank of Ireland.

[May 17, 1803.]

Infh aft 37 "1 Tf WHEREAS by an act made in the parliament cf Ireland in

Geo. 3. W thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majestyx

intituled An act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restrictions contained in the minute of council of the fetond day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments in cash by the Bank, it is amengfi other things enacted^that it shall not be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland to issue any cash in payment of any debt or demand whatsoever^ except according to the provision therein contained; and that thefdid aft shall be in force and have continuance until three

months

1

1863.I Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. 13}

months after the restriction tmposed by an act of the parliament of Great Britain on the governor and cotnfiany §f the bank of England, from issuing cash'in payment, shall cease, unless the lordrlieutenant and privy, council Ireland should, by an order of council\ dir eft that the said

restriction on the governor and company of the bank 47* Ireland should sooner ceofe: and whereas by an act passed in the loft session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, until three months after 4* Geo. 3. any restriction imposed by any act of the present session of par- c. 45« liament on the bank of England, from Hfuing cash in payments,

shall cease, an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty for confirming and continuing the restrictions on payments in cash by the bank of Ireland; the said recited act of the parliament ^Ireland was further continued: and whereas it is expedient to continue for a further time the said recited act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, and to amend the same: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act, made in the parliament Recited act of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, shall have conti- 37 Geo. 3. nuance until three months after the restriction imposed on the governor and company of the bank of England, from issuing three months calli in payments, in and by an act passed in the present session after there-o sparliament, intituled An act to amend and continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session 0/{^nk of Eng-parliament, the restrictions contained in several acts of the thirty- land shall seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty on cease, &c. payments of cash by the Bank, shall cease, unless the lord-lieutenant f and privy council of Ireland shall, by an order of council, direct that the said restriction on the governor and company of the bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of any Affidavit of application to any of his Majesty's courts in Ireland by any per- payments in (on who has been or shall be held to special bail under or by virtue of any process out of such court, to be discharged upon persons held common bail, by reason of any defect in such part of the affi- to special bail division which he is so held to bail as negatives, or is intended tobedischarg-to negative, any offer having been made to pay the sum in such ed OI*1c°m" affidavit mentioned, in notes of the governor and company of m011*c* the bank of Ireland, the person or persons making such application fb to be discharged shall not be entitled to such discharge lintels he, she, or they shall at the same time make proof by affidavit that the whole sum of money for which he, she, or they has or have been so held to bail, had been or was, before such holding to bail, offered to be paid either wholly in such notes, or partly in such notes and partly in lawful money of this kingdom; any thing in the said recited act of the parliament of Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That this act may be varied, altered, Act may be or repealed during this present session of parliament.

CAP. icffion.

138 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 45. [1803.

CAP. XLV.

An act for the more effefinally preferring the peace, and securing the freedom of election^ in the town of Nottingham, and bounty of the feud town.

[May 17, 1803.]

WHEREAS of late years many riots and dislyrhances of the publick peace have taken place within the town and county of the town of Nottingham; and at the late election of members to serve in parliament for the said town and county, the freedom of such election was % by great riots and disturbances, grossly violated, and a great number of electors were deterred from exercising their franchise by voting at such elebiion: and whereas the said town and county of the said town were formerly part of the county ^Nottingham, but have been separated and made diJltnCi therefrom, and exempted from the jurisdiction of the magistrates of the said county of Nottingham 5 and the mayor and aldermen of the said town ^Nottingham are justices of the peace in and for the said town and the county of the said town: and whereas the said distinct and exclusive jurisdiction bae been found ineffectual for preserving the peace and securing the freedom of election within the said town and county of the said tawn\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aiTetabled, Justices for and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the; the county of passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the juf-mfTdar tices Peacen and for the county of Nottingham for the

justice*for time being, and they are hereby required to act as justices of the town and the peace in and for the said town and county of the said town county of the of Nottingham; and such justices of the peace in and for the town of Not- county of Nottingham are hereby authorised and empowered nS am* tQ as justices Of the peace in and for the said town and county of the town of Nottingham, in as full and ample manner as they could or might have done if the said town and county of the said town had not been made a distinct county, but had continued to all intents and purposes part of the said county of Nottingham, and as fully and amply to all intents and purposes^vhat-ever as the mayor and aldermen of the said town and county of the town of Nottingham, or any or either of them, as justices of the peace, before the passing of this act, have used and exercised within the said town and county of the said town, or any part thereof, any charter, law, custom, or usage to the contrary not-and persons withstan^ing; and all persons whatever, either within the said authorised by county of Nottingham at large, or within the said town of Not -them shall act tingham and county of the said town, who may at any time hereof FiKh a^ter Awfully authorised, appointed, or required by any of rity. See.he kid justice or justices, as such justice or justices of the peace ayling in and for the said town and county of the town of Not-- tingham by virtue of this act, to do any ad, matter, or thing,

are hereby authorised and required to ad in pursuance of such j v'authority,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 46. 13

authority, appointment, or requisition, in the same manner, and under and subject to the same pains and penalties for disobedience thereof, and under the same protection and privileges, as to any act, matter, or thing done or to be done in pursuance thereof, as if such act, matter, or thing respectively, were or had been done, or were or had been authorised, appointed, or required, within the said county of Nottingham at large.

II. And whereas the ensuing election of a member to serve in parliament for the said town of Nottingham may take place previously to the next Midsummer quarter fefftom of the peace for the said county of Nottingham, by means whereof such persons as mighty before the said ensuing election, take out their Dedimus Potestatem, to act as magistrates for the said countyr could not forthwith qualify themselves to act according to the statute of the eighteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, be it therefore enacted, That such per- P^lbnst^ing fons so taking out their Dedimus Potejlatem before the said enfu- dimus^Potef-ing election, may, and they are hereby enabled to take and tatem previ-subscribe the oath of qualification required by the said statute ous to the before any two or more magistrates of the said county 5 and any 9uart«r f*f-two or more of such magistrates are hereby authorised to admi- enabled^ nifter the same; and the said oath, when so taken and subscribed, take the oath shall be as effectual as if the same had been taken and subscribed of qualifica-at any general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county; ft°n and the oaths of such persons so qualifying themselves, when taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be returned by the said, 9

magistrates to the clerk of the peace of the said county, and by him filed amongst the records of the said next Midsummer sessions.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious art efts and suits\ and to authorise the levying of poundage upon executions in certain cases.

[May 27, 1803.]

FOR the more effectual prevention of frivolous and vexatious arrests % and for the relief of persons imprisoned on mesne process; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and -

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- xgonoi*r-thority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June son shall be one thousand eight hundred and three, no person shall be arrested arrested on or held to special bail upon any process issuing out of any court, any process within those parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and any courts in Ireland called England and Ireland, for a cause of action not England or originally amounting to such sum for which such person is by Ireland, for v the laws now in being liable to be arrested and held to bail, causeofatfioa over and above and exclusive of any costs, charges, and expences that may have been incurred, recovered, or become chargeable sum for which in or about the suing for or recovering the same, or any pari he is now by thereof. lawHableto

be arrested, tt*.exclusive of II.^costs.

140 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 46.

[1S03.1

II. And whereas it does and may happen that persons upon

mesne process may not be able to find sufficient funties for theiY appearance at the return^ of the writ, and yet may be able to make a deposit of the money for which they are Jo arrejied, together with a competent sum for costs: and whereas it is expedient that persons arrejied ftjould, upon makingfiuh deposit, be permitted to go at large; ' until the return of the writ without finding bail to the sheriff for their appearance at the return thereof; be it therefore enacted by Persons arrest. the authority aforesaid, That all persons who shall, from and cd on me me after the jay of fune in the year of our Lord one thousand ffivine hun^red and three, be arrested upon mesne process, within b«il, may de- those parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland posit with the called England and Ireland, shall be allowed, in lieu of giving^ fhcrits, &c. kail to the ffieriff, to deposit in the hands of the sheriff, by dot leToiTthe delivering to him, or to his under sheriff, or other officer to be wiit/with lot. by him appointed for that purpose, the Tum indorsed upon the to answer writ by virtue of the affidavit for holding to bail in that action, costs, &c. and together with ten pounds in addition to such sum to answer the dischatec n co"s wh*ch may accrue or be incurred in such action up to and fromarreft. at the time of the return of the writ; and also such further sum of money, if any; as shall have been paid for the king's fine upon any original writ; and shall thereupon be discharged from such arrest as to the action in which he, she, or they shall so Deposit to be deposit the sum indorsed on die writ; and that the sheriff stall, paid into in every such case, at or before the return of the said writ, pay into iMlonthe thecourtn which such writ shall be returnable the sum of mdney. defendant's so deposited with him as aforesaid; and thereupon in case the perfectingbail defendant or defendants shall afterwards duly put in and perfect order it to be kail in such action according to the course and practice of such oribad'not^ court> the sum of money so deposited and paid into court as being put in, aforesaid shall, by order of the court, upon motion to be made the money for that purpose, be repaid to such defendant or defendants; but shall be paid in case the defendant or defendants shall not duly put in and SalnrS'^&c Perfe<^n such action, then and in such case the said sum 19'of money so deposited and paid into court as aforesaid, shall, by order of the court, upon a like morion to be made fot fhat ptfr-pose, be paid over to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, who shall be thereupon authorised to enter a common appearance, or file common bail for such defendant or defendants, if the said plaintiff or plaintiffs shall so think fit; such payment to the plaintiff or plaintiffs to be made subject to such deductions, if any, from the sum of ten pounds deposited and paid to artfwer the costs as aforesaid, as upon the taxation of the plaintiff's costs, as well of the suit as of his application to the court in that behalf, may be found reasonable.

Defendant 111. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That coits where a<*ons to be brought in England or Ireland, from and after

plaintiff shall, tKe said first day of "j fune> in the said year of our Lord one thou, not recover sand eight hundred and three, wherein the defendant or de-£pf°Unf Pendants shall be arrested and held to special bail, and wherein 01 theuim for^pjaintifif or plaintiffs shall not recover the amount of the' fun

A

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 46. 141

sum for which the defendant or defendants in such action shall which he wa* have been so arrested and held to special hail, such defendant or arrei*ed. defendants shall be entitled to costs of suit, to be taxed according tq the.custom of the court in which such action shall have been brought \ provided thett it shall be made appear to the Conditions satisfaction of the court in which such action is brought, upon uP«n which motion to be made in court for that purpose, and upon hearing Stowed* the parties by affidavit, that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such ° ad ion had not any reasonable or probable cause for causing the defendant or defendants to be arrested and held to special bail in fitch amount as aforesaid, and provided such court shall thereupon, by a rule or order of the same court, direct that such costs shall be allowed to the defendant or defendants; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall, upon such rule or order being made as aforesaid, pe disabled from taking out any execution for the sum recovered in any such action, unless the same shall exceed, and then in such turn only as the same shall exceed the amount of the taxed costs of the defendant or defendants in such action; and in case the sum recovered in any such action shall be less than the amount of the costs of the defendant; or defendants to be* taxed as aforesaid, that then the defendant or defendants shall be entitled, aftet deducing the sum of money recovered by the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such atftion from the* amount of his or their costs so to be taxed as aforesaid, to take out execution for such costs, in Uk$ manner as a defendant or defendants may now by law have execution for costs in other cases.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In attmuso*

That in all actions which shall be. brought in England or Ireland^ judgements from and after the said first dav of June in the said year of our iloa

Lord one thousand eight hundred and three, upon any judge- entitled to meat recovered, or which shall be recovered, in any court in costs, unless England. Qc Ireland^ the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action on othprwtfe or the judgement shall not recover ox be entitled to any costs Qfdered*

furl, unless the court in which action on the judgement shaft be brought* or some judge of the same court, shall otherwise order,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Plaintiffs may fromaad after the said first day of June in the said year of our Lord

one thousand eight hundred and three, in every a<3ion in which the pence of exe-plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be entitled to levy under an execution cution, be-against the goods of any defendant, such plaintiff or plaintiffs y°nd the sum may also levy the poundage fees and expences of the execution over and above the sum recovered by the judgement*.§

VI. And be it further e/H&ed, Thar, from and after the said An7

first day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, if any may^in^aca-defendant mall be taken, detained, or charged in custody at the tioa, juWy suit of any person or persons upon mesne process issuing out of bail before*any of ULs Majesty's courts of record at WeJtminjUr or Dublin, ?nfof^and shall be imprisoned or detained thereon, after the return of J^h^c^y^such process, it. shall and may be lawful for such defendant in charge him vacation time only, and upon due notice thereof given to the out of custody attorney for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such process, to put in ^it^of

and c ea

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1803.

and justify bail before any one of the justices or barons of the court out of which such process shall have ifhied, who mav, if he shall think fit, thereupon ordpr a rule to issue for the allow* ance of such bail, and ihay further order such defendant to be discharged out of custody by writ of Supersedeas, or otherwise, according to the practice of such court, in like manner as the same is and may be done by an order of court in term time.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for consolidating and amending the fiyeral laws for providing relief for tie families of militia men England, when called out j into actual service.

[May 27, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that many of the provisions contained in several acts relating to the relief directed to be given to the non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, Jerv-ing in the militia for England, should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new provisions should be made; and it would greatly tend to the better execution thereof if the whole of the said provisions were comprized in one act of parliament: and whereas it is necessary for the purposes aforesaid, that certain acts and parts of acts now in force should be repealed5 be it therefore enacted 1 by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present <Ma-33 Geo. 3. jesty, (intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen

c*by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving

therein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England); and also an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his 34 Geo. 3. present Majesty, (intituled An act to amend an act passed in the <* 47»'last session of parliament9 intituled An act to provide for the families

of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England and also an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, ' An act for augmenting the militia); and also an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

35 Geo. 3. (intituled An act to apportion the relief by the several jiatutes now

c. St. and ifi forc€ directed to be given to the families of non-commissioned officers,

drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large and the peculiar difirifts therein, not contributing to the county rate, according to the number of men serving for each in y such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief

of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers serving in the

militia)-.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. 143

militia); and aHo an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to explain and 36 Geo. 3. amend an act passed in the thirty-thifd year of his present

reign, intituled An act to provide for the families of perji j

by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England); " shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as tp all Exceptions, cases relating to the repayment or reimbursement of any sum or sums of money heretofore advanced or paid under any or either of the said acts; and to the allowing, accounting for, or recovering of any such sum or Turns of money. Or any arrears thereof, which may remain not repaid, reimbursed, allowed, accounted for, or recovered 5 or to any fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person fjsrving or The fancies enrolled in the militia of England, as a non-commissioned officer O^on'^ocn/ or drummer, or as a ballotted man or substitate, hired man or ^er^ruml volunteer respectively, shall, when embodied and called out into mers/or pril actual service, leave a family unable to support themselves, the vate_mHitia overseer for overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or town-

ship whete the family of such person shall dwell, shall, by order o"t intoadad

of some one justice of the peace, pay to the family of every such service, shall

non-commissioned officer, drummer, ballotted man, substitute, receive a

hired man, or volunteer respectively, out of the rates for the weekly allow-

relief of the poor of such parish, tything, or township, a weekly thepw^rates

allowance, according to the usual and ordinary price of labour

in husbandry within the said county, riding, division, district, or

place where such family shall dwell, by the following rule; that

is to say, any sum not exceeding the price of one day's such

labour, nor less than one shilling, for each and every child born

in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and for the wife of such ^on-commissioned officer, drummer, ballotted man, substitute, hired man, or volunteer, whether he shall or shall not

have any child or children, any sum not exceeding the price of

one day's such labour, nor less than one shilling: and in every parish, tything, or township, where the money arising by such

rates shall not be sufficient for the purpose aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made for raising a sum sufficient for that purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the The justices justices of the peace, assembled at any Michaelmas general quar- ^aeTmas1 ter sessions of the peace, held for any county, riding, division, quarterfef-or place in England, raising any militia, to settle, ascertain, and Hons may regulate the rate of allowance toi>e paid under this act to the regulate the families of militia men resident within such county, riding, rate of allow-division, or place; and every such rate of allowance so settled, a ascertained, and regulated as aforesaid, shall be binding upon ali

justices of the peace making any order for the payment of allow-

ance

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1803.

' ance under this act in such county, riding, division, or place* until any other or'new rate of allowance shall be settled as

No allowance a^rf/a*,

to be made to

IV. Provided always, and.be it further enacted, That no all

the wife or lowance shall be ordered or paid un/ler this act, to the wife or

family of any family of any person serving in the militia, until such person shall

' ^all0have* have iome^ regiment, battalion, or corps to which he be-

joined his longs, or for any longer period than such person shall continue

corps, nor to serve and remain embodied in actual service, nor in any case

h°n^Criithann wife, In respect of, or by whom any such relief is

main in actual demanded, shall follow the regiment, battalion, or corps in

service, or to which her husband shall serve, or shall leave her child or children,

any wile who if any, or depart from her home, unless under certificate of any

shall follow neighbouring justice of the peace, or the overseer or overseers of

kav^her* or the parish in which such relief shall be given, authorising such

childi or de- departure for a time specified therein for the purposes of harvest,

Sart from her or obtaining by work a better support for her family, or unlefe omc, unjefa for the purpose of going to reside, and residing in the parish, tything, or place, for which her husband shall serve, in case at the time of her husband being called out into actual service (he shall be residing in any other parish, tything, or place*

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no allow* ance under this act shall be ordered or paid to the family of any substitute, hired man, or volunteer, who shall at the time of his enrolment have fraudulently and faliely represented and declared that he had no wife or family, or to any substitute, hired man, ju«m »*c or v°lunteer» having more than one child at the time of his selfely'declar- enrolment, who shall have fraudulently and falsely represented ed that he had and declared at the time of such enrolment that he had only one no wile or child: provided always, that where the substitute, hired man, or thTt^he had v°luntcer>to whom any such family shall belong, shall under-only one take an<^ ma^e provision for the maintenance of his other chit-child, having dren, to the satisfaction of any justicp of the peace to whom any more, but application shall be made under this act for the relief erf such upon certain family, it shall be lawful for such justice to order the allowance under this act to be paid in respect of the wife of such substitute, hired man, or volunteer, and of one child of such family uiKkr the age of ten years.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no allow-tamily of any ance under this act shall be paid to the family of any non-commissioned officer or drummer, reduced for mifeondud to the condition of a private man, such reduction being certified by the commanding officer or adjutant to the clerk of the gjeneral meetings, and by him to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, in the militia of which such non-commissioned officer or drummer shall serve, and by such treasurer to the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or townftip in which such family shall dwell, and every such allowance shall cease and determine from the time of such reduction being so certified to the overseers as aforesaid, and be no longer payable, notwithstanding any order of any justice to the contrary; and every such family

requiring

under certificate for obtaining work, &c.

No allowance shall be made to the family of any iubfti-tute, hired man, or volunteer, who shall have

conditions;

nor to the

non-commissioned officer or drummer reduced to a private man for mifeondud;

V

180j,] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. 145

requiring relief, flidll, from and after that time, be relieved 'as nor to the caM poor only. '

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from hired man, and after, the passing of this act, no allowance under this act or volunteer, shall be given, or ordered to be given, to the family of any sub- who shall stitute, hired man, or volunteer, who shall marry after and

during the time of his being called outirito actual service, unless outintoactual such marriage shall have taken place with the consent of the service, with-colonel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or the con-corps, to which such militia man shall belong, and such consentlent of shall have been certified under the hand of such colonel or other ing

commanding officer.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Families not

families of non-commissioned officers, drummers, or ballotted to

men, or of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, shall not be houfjfor re--xemoveable, or feat to any workhouse or poorhouse by reason of ceiving such receiving any such allowances; nor shall any persons, to whose allowances; families any such allowances shall be paid, be thereby deprived j?or the per-of their legal settlements elsewhere, or of their right of voting f^ies'pahit for the election of members to serve in parliament. deprived of

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such weekly al- their legal lowance to be paid under this act, to the family of any non- settlements commissioned officer or drummer, shall be repaid to the overseer yot^nghf0°

Or overseeds of the poor of the parish, tything, or township, in members, which suchr family was relieved, by the treasurer of the county,

riding, or place, in which such parish, tything, or township is Allowances to' fituaied, out of the publick flock thereof; and every weekly non-commis-allowance which shall be so paid to the family of any non-com- officers missioned officer or drummer, in any other county, riding, or mers, to^e place, than that for" yvbich such non-commissioned officer or repaid the drummer shall serve, or to the family of any private man in any overseers of other parish, tything, or township, than the one for which such Poor by private militia man shall serve, shall respectively be reimbursed, treasurer^ in the manner herein after mentioned.'Relitt to fa-

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all milies of noncafes where a certain number of private militia-men are directed commissioned to be raised for any county, together with or including any city, officers and borough, town, or place in England, bdng a county or district be^p^rtio^-of itself, not contributing to the general county rate, the several ed tetween sums of money raised for the relief of the families of non-com- counties at missioned officers and drummers respectively, shall be divided lai*£e and and apportioned between and borne by such county, and such coniributfne city, borough, town, or place, being a county or district of itself, to tt, e county or not contributing to the general county rate, in such propor- rates, accord-tions as the respective numbers of militia men, apportioned to in8 to the

be raised in and by such county, and by such city, borough, Raised town, and place respectively, bear to each other. for each.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the treasurers of any Treasurers to such county, city, borough, town, and place respectively, are demand and hereby authorised and required to demand, receive, and make pay such pro-

Vol. XLIV, L

three deputy lieutenants.

In places not contributing to the county i*te, where no treasurer is appointed) the justices in quarter fek

146 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1803.

payment of such proportions and sums of money, the one to the other of them, as the case may require.

Pifputes as to

XII. And be it farther enacted, That if any dispute or difa-to^e°settled §reement ar^e as to l^e proportion so to be* paid as afore* by the lord- kid, or any °ther matter or thing relating thereto, or to such lieutenant or payments, the lord-lieutenant of the said county at large, and in his abfepce the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at any meeting calied, or to be calied, may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required, to adjust and settle the same, whose decision therein shall be final; and the said lord-lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, is and are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to call for, require, and insped, the account and accounts of every such treasurer, for the purpose of adjusting and settling their said proportion.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cities, towns, liberties, divisions, and places, which do not contribute to the general county rates, and where no treasurer is yet appointed* the justices of the peace for every such city, town, liberty, division, and place, in case there are any, and if not, then the justices of the county wherein fugh city* town, liberty, division, and HonsfhaUap- P^ce shall be, shall 3nd may, and they are hereby required, at

point one, their general quarter sessions, to appoint a treasurer, and froriv

and make time to time to assess upon every parish, tything, township

atfefTineiits, hamlet, and vilJ, within the liberties of such cities, toyvps* li-

berties, divisions, and places, in such proportions as the r^ps heretofore made for the relief of the poor have ufuafiy been afleffect, and shall caqfe to he paid, ogt of the money golledUct and levied for the relief of the poor of every such parish, ty things

township, hamlet, gnd vill, into the hands of fych treasurer, fucf\ sum and sums, of money as are, shall, and may be, in their discretion, oeceflary for the purposesx>f this atf; and such treasurer shall pay and dispose of the same accordingly, and shall be anq act in all respects, in respect to the provisions of this act, the same as the treasurer or treasurers of peculiar districts where a publick flock is now raised.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every qafe in whiclj any allowance under this act shall be paid to the family of any iHucctutu private militia man in any other parish, ty thing, or town ship* that for which ^or whw?h such private militia man shall serve, it shall

he shall serve, be lawful for the justice of the jpea.ee, who shall make any order the justice for the relief of such family* to certify the same under his hand,

order to?6 an^n certificate to direct the overseers of the parish,

relief may tything, or township for which such private militia man Ihal

direct the serve, to reimburse the money so paid to the overseer or over-

overseers of seers who shall have advanced the fiunp in pursuancp of tho

th^or or^er before mentioned.

to reicr.bur?^

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, the money. by reason of the distance of any parish, ryrhing, or township, in Where such which any allowance under this act shall be so paid to the family reimburse- of any private militia man serving 'for any other parish, tything, merit cannot, G'or

Where an allowance made to the family of a militia naan in any other place than

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Gfioioit lit c. 47. i/gf

or township, from such other parish, tything, or township* where be conveni* the same shall be situate in any other county, riding, division, or g^ from^he^ place, the overseer or overseers of the poor, entitled to the re- overseers, payment of such allowances, under any such order and certi-repayment ficate as aforesaid, cannot conveniently procure the repayment may be de-thereof from the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or ^e^t^furer1 township for which such private militia man shall have served or of the place be serving, it shall be lawful for such overseer or overseers to where the al-demand repayment of such allowances from thfe treasurer of thfclowanceswere county, riding, or division in which the parish, tything, or town- Paid*

ship, where such allowances shall have been paid, shall be situate j apd every such treasurer shall, upon production of such order and certificate as aforesaid, forthwith reimburse such allowances to the overseer or overseers demanding the same.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Treasurers such treasurer as aforesaid, who shall reimburse to any such reimbursing overseer1 or overseers as aforesaid, any sum or (urns of money in pilrfuance of this act, on account of any such weekly allowance transmit an paid to the family of any non-commissioned officer or drummer, account sign-or any private militia man serving in the militia of "any other ed by a juf-ceunty, riding, or division, shall deliver or tfanfinit an account-^'surer^of of such money as he shall have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed* piace for by one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, which the riding, city, town, liberty, division, or* place where such family man shall shall dwell, to the treasurer of the county, riding, city, town, {halfrebay the liberty, division, or place in the militia wheredf (Ufch non-com-

mrffioned officer, drummer, or private militia man fhalfserve, and thereupon the treasurer to whom such account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the treasurer, who shall have so delivered or transmitted such account, the sum or sums so by him reimbursed to such overseer or overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.'

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every treasurer who Treasurer re-f shall repay to any treasurer of any other county, riding, or paying such: division, any such allowances as aforesaid, on any such signed Another account as aforesaid, shall transmit such signed account, and also treasurer, to an account of all monies so repaid by him in pursuance thereof* transmit the ! to the justices of the peace for the county, riding, or division, at signed ac- t the next or general quarter sessions of the peace, or any ftlbfe- just^es at the quest sessions; which accounts so received shall be allowed by next quarter the justices at such sessions, who shall forthwith, as to all all<*v- sessions, who ances so repaid in respect of the families of any private militia men, shall order the make orders for the overseers of the poor of the respective pa- repaidout of fisties, tythings, or townships for which such private militia man the poor shall respectively serve or have served, to pay the same to the rates, treasurer of such county, riding, or place, out of the poor rate9 of such respective pariffifs, tythings, or townships, within fourteen days next after the receipt of such orders respectively.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That'Exeter, the within the city and county of the city of Exeter, all allowances jialTbe^d

12 to /

148 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgi! TIL c. 47. [1803.

by the tresurer of the corporation of the poor, and shall be levied as the poor rates, &c.

to be made by virtue of this act to the families of persons serving in the militia, shall be paid by the treasurer or treasurers of the corporation of the governor, deputy governor, assistants, and guardians of the poor of the city and county of Exeter, and that the same shall be ascertained, assessed, raised, collected, and levied by such and the same ways and means as the money raised for the relief of the poor within the said city and county is, by virtue of the several acts of parliament now in force for the relief of the poor within the said city and county, or any or either of them, directed to be raised; and it shall be lawful for the several persons authorised to put the said acts in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum or sums as shall be necessary for that purpose, over and above what they are already authorised to raise for the relief of the poor of the said city and county; and all and every person and persons who are by the said acts, or either of them, required to do any act, matter, or thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering of assessments, collecting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorised to do all such and the like acts, matters, and things, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming or altering assessments, collecting and levying the money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such forfeitures and penalties, in case of their neglect or refusal to perform the same, as are impeded for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned acts, or either of them, and also in the same manner, and by the lame ways and means, to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further sum and sums of money as shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer of the corporation of the poor for the maintenance of such wives and families, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the treafttrer of the said corporation.

Monies to be

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all raised in monies to be levied by parish rates to be made within the city patifti rates an(* county of city of Bri/tol, in relation to this act, shall m relation to be paid, ascertained, assessed, raised, collected* levied, and repaid this act, shall in such manner and by such and the same ways and means as be raised as are prescribed to be observed in raising money for the relief of

rates°&c Poor w, t*n cltY anc* County of the city of Bristol,

1 by virtue of any act or acts of parliament relating thereto; and

that it shall be lawful for the several persons authorised to put the said acts in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum or funps over and above what they are already authorised to raise for the relief of the poor of the said city and county, and also in the same manner, and by the same ways and means, to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further lum and sums of money as shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer or the corporation of the poor, ^nd shall cause the same to be repaid to the treasurer of the said corporation; and that all and every person and persons who are by the said acts, any or either of them, required to do any act, matter, or thing, fof the*afeer-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. 149

ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering of assessments, collecting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorised to do,

all such and the like acts, matters, and things, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering assessments, collecting and levying the money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such forfeitures and penalties, in case of their neglect or refusal to perform the same, as are imposed for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned acts, or any or either of them.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Within In Plymouth, the borough of Plymouth, all allowances to be made by virtue of ^wance# this act, to the families of persons serving in the militia, shall beby thetra-paid by the treasurer or treasurers of the corporation of the go- furer of the vernor, deputy governor, assistants, and guardians of the poor of corporation the raid borough of Plymouth; and that the same shall be afeer- of the poor, tained, assessed, raised, collected, and levied by such and the same the

ways and means as the money raised for the relief of the poor poor rateSf within the said borough is, by virtue of the several acts of par-&c. liament now in force for the relief of the poor within the said borough, or any or either of them, directed to be raised; and it shall be lawful for the several persons authorised to put the said acts in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum or sums as shall be necessary for that purpose, over and above what they are already authorised to raise for the relief of the poor of the said borough; and all and every person and persons who are?

by the said acts or either of them, required to do any ad, matter, or thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming*, or altering of assessments, collecting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorised to do all such and the like acts, matters, and things for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering assessments, collecting and levying the money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be subject to all such forfeitures and penalties, in case of their nCgled or refusal to perform the same, as are imposed for offences of the like nature by the above-mentioned acts or either of them; and also in the same manner and by the same ways and means to raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further sum and sums of money as shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer of the corporation of the poor, for the maintenance of such wives and families, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the treasurer of the said corporation. # Accounts of

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enadeu. That ac- allowances to counts of all allowances paid under this act, in respect wherebf be reinnbu^sea any reimbursement shall be directed by this act, shall be made up at the end of every successive six months, or shorter period, Ip> signe(j by from the time of the first commencing the payment thereof, the justices, and shall be signed by ^he justices granting certificates for the and demanded reimbursement thereof* or by same other justices, of the? same county, riding, or place, within one month after the ^Shln certatt

respective periods.

u°

Where more than a tvife and three children shall become chargeable, the overseers of the poor may provide another man to serve in

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4j.

respective periods up to which such accounts shall be made up, and the money dye on such account shall, as soon as the same can be done, be demanded of the overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, or treasurers, required to make such reimbursement as aforesaid; and no such sum of money shall be demaaded on demandable, unless the same shall have been so first certified within one month as aforesaid, and deliveted to the overseer of the parish, township, or place, or treasurer, by whom such reimbursement is to be paid, within three months after such certifying thereof as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, Thaj in every case in which the family of any private man serving in the militia of any county, riding, or place in England, when called out and embodied for actual service, shall become chargeable in respect of any greater number than the wife and three children respectively under the ages of ten years, it shall be lawful for the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, township, or place foe which such man shall serve, or in which the family of such man shall reside, to provide another fit and able man between the ages of

faUi^r°whose e, S^teen Years anc* thirty-five years, and having no wife, or any

pay (halTcom- under the age of ten years, to serve in the dead of the man

mence from having such family as aforesaid; and the colonel or commanding

the discharge officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which such men

of the man in shall belong, upon such other man being duly examined, approved whose room c, &, l\ /., j: JTr.j

provided, &c. °'> anc* enrolled as a nt and able man, and joining at the head

quarters of the said regiment, battalion, or corps, may and shall

discharge or cause to be discharged the man in whose (lead such other person shall be so produced, approved, and enrolled as

aforesaid: provided always, that the pay of every such person so

provided as aforesaid, shall commence and be drawn only from the day of the discharge of the man in whose (lead he shall have been provided, and not before; any thing in any act contained to

the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, that no such private

militia man shall be discharged at any other period of the year,

than between the first day of November and the twenty-fifth day of March.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all payments made by any overseer or overseers in pursuapee of any order or certificate of any justice or justices of the peace under this act, shall be allowed and passed in their respective accounts, in like manner as other expences incur red on account of the militia, are now by -law passed and allowed j and if any overseer of the poor shall, on demand, made in pursuance of any order or certificate of any justice or justices of the peace for the payment of any sum of money by virtue of this act, and production of such order or certificate to himy refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the sum or sums of money directed to he^paid in or by such order or certificate, every such overseer of the poor so refuting or neglecting

shall forfeit5l. to make such payment, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the which may be funx of five pounds, to be recovered upon the oath of one or Sitafc' wore credible witness or witness, or by the confession of the .*party

Payments made by overseers under this act shall be allowed as other expeijces on account of the militia* and if any oyeirfeer shall not pay money ordered by a justice^e

rfltfj.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47.

party accused* before the justice making such order, or any other justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or place,

Vrhere the'offence shall be committed; which said justice is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and to examine into the matter of fa<ft, and upon due proof thereof as aforesaid to give judgement for such penalty, to be levied by distress and fele of the offender's goods and chattels, in case the same shall nbt be forthwith paid, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, caUfing the overplus (if any) after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to be rendered to the party; and the penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one moiety thereof to Application of the party who shall inform for the Time, and the other moiety penalty, thereof to the poor of the parish, to the overseers of which any such sum of money ought to have been paid.

XXIV. And be it furtlifcr enacted, That all the provisions in Act shall ex-this a# contained, relating to the allowances io the families of pUce3°having any persons serving in the militia for any parish, tything, or separate over-township, or any united paristies, tythings, or townships, and seers, and to for the reimbursement of all sums of money which shall be places united advanced under any of the provisions of this act, shall extend to 0£ jJal-- all hamlets, vills, and places having separate overseers of the poor. Jotting for and maintaining the poor thereof separately and distinctly, and also men, &c. to all parishes, tythings, townships, and places united for the purposes of ballotting for militia men, as well as to all other parishes, tythings, and places; and the justices of the peace, who shall make orders for the relief of any such families, or any other justice of the same county, riding, division, or place, shall give directions for the reimbursement of the money to be advanced, for such purpose by the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, township, or place, or united paristies, tythings, townships, or places respectively, which ought td reimburse the same, or to contribute to the reimbursement thereof; and the treasurers of the several counties, ridings, divisions, and places, and the justices of the peace of the several counties, ridings, divisions, and places within which all and every such paristies, tything^, townships, and places respectively shall be, shall make reimbursement, and direct reimbursement to be made by such several parishes, tythings, townships, and places respectively, in the same manner as by this a£ is provided with respeCfc to parishes, tythings, and townships therein described, so that in all cases whatsoever such reimbursement may be fully made according to the true intent and meaning of this act 5 and Where any man Justices shall shall serve for any united parishes or places, or for any parish or ascertain what place comprising more than, one township or place, which shall ^con-have separate and distinct overseers of the poor, all and every such tributed by* justices as aforesaid shall ascertain in What proportions such united places, united parishes or places, or such several townships or places or by places comprised within the same parish or plade >f6r which any such Svor^than^man, whole family shall be so relieved, shall serve, ought tocontru qne> which bute to such relief, such proportions to be ascertained according rtiali have so"

l$i Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 47. [1803.

paratcover- to the numbers of men liable to be ballotted for the militia, leers, for the which each of such united parishes or places, or each of such to the^miHesownships or places, as the case may be, shall appear to have hajd of men serv. by the last returns made for that purpose, and such justices shall ing for such make orders for the reimbursement of such advances as aforesaid, places. in such several proportions so to be ascertained, 'and from time to time as occasion shall require; and in order to enable such justices to ascertain such proportions, the clerks of the several subdivision meetings shall, when thereunto required, certify, by writing under their hands, the number of men so liable to be ballotted for, according to the returns made for each of such parishes, townships, or places, for which certificate there shall be paid a fee of one shilling, and no more.

be^djutant,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the adjutant of every, none the fer- regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, or where there shall be no adjutant, the serjeant-major thereof, shall, within seven days after the twenty-fourth day of every month, during the time of the militia, to which he shall belong remaining embodied or in a&uaf service, return to the respective clerks of the subdivision meetings of the county, riding, or, place to which such regiment, battalion, or corps shall belong, a particular lift of all promotions and vacancies, and all deaths, desertions, and other cafua-lities that shall have occurred among the private militia men extracts to the serving for the several and respective subdivisions of the county, overseers of riding, or place to which such regiment, battalion, or corps shall belong, in the calendar month preceding each such twenty-forth day as aforesaid; and shall specify the chrlftian and surname of each manfo returned, and whether ballotted man, substitute.

jcant major, shall make monthly returns to the clerks of the subdivision meetings of certain particulars, who ill all transmit the poor.

hired man, or volunteer, and the parish, tything, or place for which he was serving; and such respective clerks of the subdivision meetings shall, within fourteen days after the receipt of such return, transmit proper extracts thereof to the respective overseers of the poor of the respective parishes, tythings, or places for which any such man shall have been serving.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall find himself aggrieved by any ofder of any justice or justices of the peace, for the payment of any such Aim of money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the same county, riding, division, city, or place, when any demand in pursuance of such order shall be made as aforesaid) who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same; and it shall be lawful for the said justices, at such sessions, to award and order, where they shall see occasion, the payment of such sum and films of money which such appellant, as churchwarden or overseer of the poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such order made by virtue of this act, and hath neglected to pay in manner aforesaid.

Quarter fef-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful lions may for justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions of the ptnee teethe" Pcate be field for each respective county, riding, city, town, r diyifipn*

Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 48.5 i

division, ami place in England\ to order and direct such recom- treasurers out pence and satisfaction, as they shall think just and reasonable, ' to^Q^countjr be made and given to the respective treasurers for their extraordi- oc nary trouble, labour, and expences in the execution of their respective offices, while the militia is embodied and in actual service, for such time and in such manner as they shall think proper, to be paid or allowed out of the publick flock or treasure of every such county, riding, town, division, and place respectively.

jfXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be

altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this pealed this session of parliament, fdfion-

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to enable the East India company to defray the expences of certain volunteer corps raised by the said company.

[May 27,

1803.] ,

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing, in the East India company, for a further term, the possession of ^c0'\ the British territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, '5 under certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within, the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay; it was amongst other things enacted, that during the continuance of the exclusive trade to the said company, the net proceeds of the sales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances arising by private trade, and all other profits of the said company in Great Britain, after providing for the payment of bills of exchange already accepted by the said company, as the same should become due, and for the current payment of other debts, interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company, (their bond debt always excepted), should be applied and disposed of in the manner in the said act particularly mentioned: and whereas, during the late war, by virtue of acts of parliament then in force, and which have fmce expired> and with the approbation of his Majesty, and under the authority of a commission for that purpose granted by his Majesty, the said united company, at their own expence, raised, formed, and maintained, a brigade of infantry volunteers for the defence and protection of their house and warehouses, and subject thereto, for such publick services as in the acts by virtue of which they were raised is mentioned: and whereas under and by virtue of an act made and passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the offers-of certain yeomanry and volunteer 4* Geo 3.* corps to continue their services, his Majesty has been pteased to c* accept the offer of the volunteers so raised and maintained by the said united company, to continue their services: and whereas it is expedient hatthe said united company should be enabled to pay the expences of such volunteers -, be it therefore en^sted by the King's most excellent ma-r jesty, by and with the advice and tQnfepltif thc4o|; dVspiritgal and

temporal*

)y

154 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 4$.

[1803.

temporal, ' and commons, in this present parliament sflembled, Bast.India and by >he authority of the same, That it shall and may be law-pay the^to an<* ^or^un*tc<* company, from time to time, to pay pences of suchnd defray all and every the charges and expences whatsoever volunteer of such corps of volunteers as the said united company m^y now, corps as they or at anytime hereafter, lawfully raise, train, and maintain, and also their'pay al the*r Pay allowances when on duty or service, and to when on Ur- charge the same amongst the ordinary outgoings, charges, and vice. expences of the said united company, previous to the applicatk>n

of the net proceeds of their Tales of goods at home, and other profits mentioned in the said act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majest>'s reign, to, for, and upon the purposes, in and by the same ad directed; any thing in the same ad contained to the -contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That such corps of volunteers so raised and maintained, or to be raised and maintained by the said united company, shall be employed, in the first place, in such manner as by the court of directors of the said united company shall be deemed necessary for the protection and defence of the house of the said united company, commonly called The Eqfi-India House> and of the warehouses of the same company, and, vices as other subject thereto, shall be employed upon such publick services, and coi^s* and be ^or ^uc^1 ot^er Purposes upon and for which other volunteer subject*o C corPs» lawfully embodied, may be lawfully called out and employed*and during the time the said corps of volunteers so raised and maintained by the said united company shall be employed in the defence and protection of the said united company's said house and warehouses, they shall be subject to military discipline, in like manner as they would be if they were employed in any publick service whatsoever by virtue of and under the authority of any acts of parliament in force at the time they may be so employed.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and be deemed a publick act, and shall be taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being Specially pleaded.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to amend so much of several acts, passed in the fixih and seventh yeary and in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Thirds as relates to the exportation of fiver bullion.

[May 27, 1803.]

WHEREAS the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, and others, may he possessed of large quantities of foreign molten ftlver and builion, brought from parts beyond the seas> but may not be able to make proof according to law, that no part of the same .1was (before the same was molten) the coin of this realm, or clippings thereof, nor plate wrought within Great Britain, for the obtaining certificates for the exportation thereof: and whereas it is ex-petit ent that permiffon should he given to export such molten fiver and builion, under certain reJlrifiions\ be it therefore enacted by the King's

Such corps shall be employed in de fence of the East India house and warehouses, and on such publick fer-

futyed military discipline

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5ft. J55

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same* ,

That, from and after the passing of this act* it shall be lawful for Tf»e treafary the lord high treasurer for the time being, or the lords commit- may grant li-sioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three cences for the or more of them, to authorise arty person or persons, or any body ^tlon of or bodies politick or corporate, to ship or export, of cause to be shipped or exported, from Great Britain, on board any vessel or ship whatsoever, any raplten silver or builion, by any licence or licences given from time to time for that purpose, under their respective hands, (such licences specifying the nature and quantities of such molten silver or builion, and being entered in the books Of the custom hoyfe of the port from whence such expo ft tation shall be made before the shipping and exportation thereof) without any oath, certificate, or other document whatsoever, now requisite for the lawful shipping or exportation of any such molten (liver or builion; and it shall be lawful for any such person or persons fQ persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, to whom any licensed may such licence or licences shall be granted as aforesaid, to ship or export bullion export any such molten silver or bullion specified in any such e

licence or licences, without the certificate or certificates now tificate. required by law; and no such molten silver or builion, so shipped or exported under any such licence or licences as aforesaid, shall be feizabl'e, or seized or forfeited for the want of any certificate or certificates: and the owners and proprietors thereof, and all of and officers of his Majesty's customs, and all other persons whomsoever, having any concern whatsoever in the shipping or exportation thereof, or in the permitting the same to be shipped or exported under any such licence or licences as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby freed, flifcharged, and indemnified, from and against all forfeitures and penalties whatsoever in respect thereof; any act or acts of parliament, or law, or statute, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. L.

An act for more speedily completing the militia of Great Britain, raisea under two acts, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for amending the said acts.

[June if,

1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that effectualprovifionshould'he made for completing the militia forces, and punishing all persons deferring from or making default by not appearing, or absenting themselves from duty in the miltiia; and also to amend an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty y intituled An act 4* GeO. 3# for amending the laws relating to the militia in England, and forc, $°v -augmenting the militia; and another act passed in the forty second year aforesaid, intituled An act to raise and establish a militia force 4* Geo. 3.in Scotland: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be c* lccl e enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty.

Within certain periods after trifling this act, the dephty lieutenants shall assemble for

156 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1803.

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within ten days after the passing of this act, in every county, riding and place in England and Waltiy and within three weeks in every county, stewar try, city, and place in Scotland, the deputy lieutenants mall assemble and hold meetings, within their respective subdivisions, for the purpose of immediately supplying all deficiencies in, and filling up all va-Aipplying de- cancjcs that may respectively remain, or have arisen in the militia va- t^ic^respective counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places, cancfesmthe without regard to the cause of any of the deficiencies, or the militia. manner in which any such vacancies may have arisen, or whether any men, in respect of whom any militia shall be deficient, may have been absent for the space of three months.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, all deficiencies or vacancies that shall remain or have arisen in the militia of any county, riding, stewartry, city, or place in Great Britain, shall be certified from time to time, by the respective colonel or other commandant of such milifia, to the clerk to the general meetings; and the clerk to the general meetings shall forthwith give notice thereof to the clerks of the subdivision meetings within which any such vacancies shall have arisen, and the deputy lieutenants shall thereupon, within seven days after such notices, assemble in their respective subdivisions, and immediately proceed to the filling up such deficiencies or vacancies by bailot, or otherwise, according to the provisions of the said recited a fts.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

proceed to fill passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, in them up. ljlejr fgspective subdivisions, and they are hereby required, in case orderedtobc an^ Person ordered to be drawn out and embodied shall have drawn out*made or shall make default by not appearing, or by desertion, or shall not ap- absence from duty, and shall not be taken within one month from pefr, and shall the time of such default, desertion, or absence. to declare a va-within ^a^Cn cancy> and forthwith to fill up the same according to the provi-jnonth ^he ^lons ^a*d a<^$ an^ lhis a<^; any thing in the said recited

deputy lieu- acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

tenants shall

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective colonels or fill up the va- other commandants of the regiments, battalions, corps, and in-Ca iCy dependent companies of militia in Great Britain, shall, during the

ftauTradhdt18 Per*°d of the militia being embodied and called out into actual to the general service, transmit to the justices of the peace, or magistrates, aflem-quarter fef- bled at the several general quarter sessions of the peace, held for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, fte.wartries, cities, or places, in Great Britain, to the militia of which they belong, at the Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace next after the passing of this act, and also to the justices and magistrates assembled at every succeeding quarter sessions of the peace, certificates in the bo/dfor each^ormn k^dule to this act annexed, marked (A), of the deman rertffied ^ciencies and vacancies that remain to be filled up. in their re-tobpdeScient/rp^vc regiments, battalions, corps, or independent companies;

Deficiencies or vacancies shall be certified from time to time by the respective commandants to the clerk to the general meetings, and notified by him to the clerks of the subdivision meetings; and the deputy lieutenants shall

none certificates in the form in schedule A; and the justices there afiem-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. 157

and the justices of the peace, or the magistrates assembled at such and at every sessions, shall, at such sessions, assess the penalty of ten pounds Ju£ccedi^& for each private man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, in ^fest^further manner directed by the said recited acts; and if, at the general penalty of ro/. quarter sessions of the peace immediately succeeding the quarter for every per-sessions of the peace at which any such assessment shall have f?n fc been made, any deficiency or deficiencies, in respect whereof vacancy shall any such assessment shall have been made, shall not have been not then have made good, and filled up according to the provisions of the said been filled up. acts and of this act, the justices or magistrates assembled at such succeeding general quarter sessions shall forthwith assess and levy, in like manner as aforesaid, a further and additional penalty of ten pounds for every private man so deficient; and shall, from time to time, at every succeeding general quarter sessions of the peace, proceed to assess and levy further and additional penalties, as aforesaid, of ten pounds for each private man deficient, until such deficiency or deficiencies shall have been filled up; and such several penalties may and shall be assessed, levied, recovered, and applied, according to the provisions of the said recited acts.

V. And whereas the deficiencies in the militia, occasioned by men sworn or inrolled in the militia making default by not appearing or joining their respective regiments, battalions, or corps, when ordered to be embodied* or defer ting therefrom* or absentingtkemselves* are productive.,

of great expence and inconvenience to the counties, ridings* stewartries* cities* and places, to which such men belong* and are very detrimental carnation*0* to the public service\ be it therefore enacted, That in case his Ma- pardon desert-jesty shall by any proclamation think fit graciously to extend his era, &c. who pardon to all such militia men who shall have so made default, shall deliver by not appearing, or by desertion, or absence from duty, and who by ^certain* shall return to and join th'eir respective regiments, battalions, day, the coin-corps, or independent companies of militia, or deliver themselves mandants. up at the head quartets of any other regiment, battalion, corps, ihalVasJoon or independent company of militia, or to any detachment of his aft that^ayv Majesty's other forces, or to any military post, on or before any cause iift6 to day named in such proclamation, the several colonels or other be made out commandants of the militia, of the respective counties, ridings, ^offuchashave stewartries, cities, and places, in Great Britain* shall, as soon as themfe{v«up the same can be done after such day as aforesaid, cause lifts to be and certify made out of all such defaulters, deserters, and absentees, as afore- the same to the said, from the militia of their respective counties, ridings, stewart- clerks of the ries, cities, and places, who shall not appear and return to and {jf^who' join, or deliver themselves up as aforesaid, together with the publifti the last residences, and the descriptions of such men, when the same lame in the can be procured, and shall certify the same to the clerks of nejfpAPers> the respective general meetings, who shall immediately publish CO-

the same in one or more of the publick newspapers usually pies to the*circulating in the counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, or places, war office, to the militia of which such men shall respectively belong; the How the exexpence of such publication as aforesaid to be paid by the re-ceiver-general of the county, riding, or place, in England* or by.jjati9J the receiver-general in Scotland* in relation to the counties, stewartries,

158 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. '[1803.

cities, and placet, in Scotland, upon the certificate of any two deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, stewartry, city or place, in which such publication shall be so made as aforesaid; and Chail also forthwith transmit to the secretary at war, or his deputy, true copies of such lifts and descriptions, in order to the publication thereof in every part of Great Britain, in case it shall appear-cxpedient so to do* and it shall be lawful for all justices of the peace or magiftrttes, and all constables and peace officers, and all other persons whatever, and they are hereby enjoined and

# volunteers, upon being identified before a court-martial, and found able.

All persons shall apprehend such de-

a^dfuch's are retlu*rcc^ to apprehend, Teize, take, and detain such defaulters, substitutes or deserters, or absentees, for the purpose of delivering them into safe custody, at any military head-quarters, or into gaol, near to the place where they shall be apprehended as aforesaid; and all such defaulters, defetters, or absentees, as aforesaid, being substitutes or volunteers in the militia, upon being identified before any general or regimental or detachment court-martial, may and shall be sent to flbalL, if found on examination to be fit for service, be sent in forctsVatfonnanner directed by the said recited acts, to serve in his Majesty's cdabroad, and regular forces stationed abroad, until duly discharged therefrom; the persons and the person or persons who shall apprehend, seize, take, and who shall ap- detain such defaulter or deserter, or absentee, as aforesaid, and feaU beVnti ^'ver^tnnto sese custody as aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive tied to % ou \be ^um twenty shillings over and above any reward to which such person or persons may be entitled under any act for punishing mutiny and deferrion, to be paid in like manner as any such reward may be payable under any such adh Men who (halt

VI. And be it further enaScd, That all private militia men return fn obe- who shall have so made default, or deferred, or absented them-di^4€t°r*0*1 ^ves from»ty as aforesaid, and who shall return in obedience §[all remain11 tQ any proclamation of his Majesty as aforesaid, shall remain with the corps with the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company to to which they which they shall belong, notwithstanding the same shall have been completed so its full number, and shall be considered as supernu-itsbeiBgc^m- mcrari€Si flnd shall be carried to the account of the parish, tything, plete -or place, for which they shall have been enrolled to serve, either

for the purpose of making part of the quota of the supplementary militia, to he raised by any such parish, tything, or place, under the said recited acts, and in pursuance of any proclamation of his Majesty for that purpose, or to supply any future vacancies that may arise among the men, to be provided by such parish, tything, or place.

No seafaring

VII. And be it further enacted, That no seamen or seafaring man shall be man fha}j hereafter be enrolled in the militia of Great Britain, e*l^er as a fwbfiitute or volunteer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants (bail ballot for all men to be enrolled for the supplementary militia out of the lifts already returned for the ballotting of the militia under the said recited acts, without making any new lifts, unless it shall appear to them in particular cases to be absolutely nec^ffary for the levying such supplementary militia, and without making any other alterations in the before-mentioned lifts than

the

Deputy lieutenants shall ballot for the (upplemen-tary militia, out of the lifts already returned, Dole is new

LjO< Le

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 5c. 159

the necessary and proper amendments of such' lifts according to the ones shall be provisions of the said recited acts. necessary.

IX., And be it further enacted, That every ballotted man. Men, before

substitute, and volunteer, to be enrolled to serve in the militia of ^<?1JJienC> Great Britain, shall, before such enrolment, be examined upon nJjnedVpo!i oath before the deputy lieutenants, as to his residence, age, and oath as to family $ and the path 10 administered to him shall be in the words their refi-and according to the form and effect in the schedule, to this act dence, age, annexed, marked (B). 3,

X. And be it further enacted, That every person chosen by the form in ballot to serve in the mihjia, subsequent to, the date of his Majesty's schedule B. proclamation for levying and enrolling the supplementary militia Persons chosen (not being one of the people called Qua&ers), who shall refuse or by ballot sub-neglect to appear and take the oath, and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute in manner directed by the said recited acts, ciainrtlon W* shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifteen pounds in lieu and in stead enrolling the of the sum often pounds, in the said recited acts mentioned, tofupplemen-be levied and recovered in manner in the said acts mentioned*Jary militia anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. quaked) not

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing serving, or

of thi$ vacancies that shall have been or shall hereafter be providing a

Occasioned in the militia by the appointment of any private militia ^>.

men to be serjeants, corporals, or drummers, in consequence^or ei of any augmentation, shall be certified, and other men found vancancies by and provided to supply such vacancies, in like manner in every promotion respect as is directed in the said recited acts in relation to any va- shall be certl-cancies arising by the apointment of apy private militia man to be and <*her a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, upon the death or discharge of ^directed by any non-commissioned officer or drummer. recited acts.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Bounty mo-

passing of this act, where any deputy lieutenant shall provide any ney to substi-substitute/or any quaker, under the provisions of the said recited £utcs|<lua" a^fts, the sum of money which fqeh deputy lieutenants shall have "TJ '

agreed to give to such substitute shall be paid to such substitute certificate of upon the certificate of such deputy lieutenant, by the overseer of the deputy the poor of the partfh, tything, or place, for which such substitute lieutenants shall be provided, out of the poor rates of such parish, tything, ^€m\>uf of or place* and such sum of money shall be levied in manner d> th* poor redted by the said act, and repaid to the overseers who shall have rates, &c. advanced thp same. '

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on the making out or Persons neg-amending of any lifts, after the passing of this act, of persons fit le^jn*h; ap- to serve in the militia, every person who shall wilfully neglect to ^appointed appeal within the time appointed for that purpose, final] forfeit, time shall be for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty shillings liable to pe-nor less than, five shillings, at the discretion of any two or more ^by-deputy lieutenants, or justices of the peace, or magistrates; and

on non-payment thereof, be imprisoned at the discretion of any two or more deputy lieutenants, or justices of the peace, or magistrates as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding one week.

*6o Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 50. [1803.

If any person

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person whose name shall refuse to inserted in any list made and amended after the pafligof this

as to hte'fit- an^ name shall be drawn upon the bailot, shall refuse,

ness to serve, when'required by any twoormoredeputy lieutenants, justicCsof the he may be im-peace, or magistrates, to be examined as to his fitness to serve in prisoned. the according to the provisions of the said recited acts and this act, such person may, at the discretion of any two or more deputy lieutenants, or justices of the pe&ce, or magistrates, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding one week.

High confta-.XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and afeer the bles, &c. in- passing of this act, if any high constable, or chief or other con-^ngfor^o- stable, or any adjutant, quarter-master, or serjeant, in the militia, tutes^rvo-"n^ure or ta^e any money for the insurance of, or be in any lunteers, shall way concerned in any company, society, partnership, or office, for forfeit 50l. the insurance of any person or persons, for the providing any substitute or volunteer, or substitutes or volunteers, or for the paying or returning any money for the providing any substitute or voluiff teer, or substitutes or volunteers in the militia, for any person or persons who may be ballotted to serve in the militia, every such high constable, or chief or other constable, or adjutant, quarter-master, or serjeant as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence fifty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said recited act.

SCHEDULES to which this act: refers. SCHEDULE (A).

County of or, riding of or,

stewartry of or, city or place [as the case may be].

CERTIFICATE of number of vacancies; dated the

day of - x

Subdivisions. Parishes. Total Number of Quota. Numbers of Men actually serving. Vacancies'* ioumm*.

) / t

SCHEDULE

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. tit

SCHEDULE (B).

FORM OF OATH.

Ido make oath. That I am by my trade a tod have been usually resideat in the parish of in the county of that I am

unmarried JV, have a wife living, as the case may be]} and that I have no children, [or, only one child, born in wedlock]; and that have no rupture, nor ever was troubled with fits, and am no ways disabled by lameness or otherwise, but have the perfect use of my limbs; that I am not a Teaman or seafaring man, or an apprentice $ and that 1 do not belong to his Majesty's navy, army, or marines, nor to any other corps of militia. As witness my hand, at the day of one thousand eight hundred and Sworn before me at

this day of pne thousand eight hundred and

Witness present.

CAP. LI.

An act to render more effectual an act passed in the fortysecond year of his present Majestfs reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption and fate of the land-tax. —

[June ii, i % ]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty second year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for consolidating the provisions 4* Geo. 3. of the several acts, passed for the redemption and Tale of the land- c.xx6. recited, tax, into one act; and for making further pfovifioft for the redemption and sale thereof: and for removing doubts respecting the right of persons claiming to vote at elections for knights of the shire, and other members to serve in parliament, in respect of messuages, lands, or tenements, the land-tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, it is enacted, that the amount of the money to be paid as the consideration for the redemption or purchase of land-tax, in the cases therein specified, shall be calculated, settled, and ascertained according to the price of flock, to be from time to time transmitted to the receivers-general, or their deputies in England, or v to the collectors in Scotland, in the manner therein dir ested, and according to the table in the scheduli to the said act annexed, marked (L.), and the rules and directions therein contained: and whereas the said table contains only the amount af the several sums of money to be paid for the redemption or purchase of land-tax, when the three pounds per centum bank annuities are at any prices between sixty and par; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords foiritwal and temporal, and Vql. XLIV. M.commons,

V& AnftottfgM quadi*agfefiiijc5 rehto GfioRdii HT. c. $x.

When the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Pnceo^P- rityof the same. That whenever the price of the three pounds annuities shall Per uMuw Bank annuities^ tot be transmitted pursuant to the direc* be between tions of the said act, shall be at any price between fifty apd sixty, 50l. and 60l., the amount of the motley to be paid as the whole, or ai any in-rht*Cn so the of instalments, of the consideration for the redemption

redemption purchase 6f any km&tax, shall br settled and adjusted, and die or purchase of payments made, according to the table contained in the scheddje land-tax to this act annexed, and all and every the rules and directionsio accordin^to^ a<-^or in the said schedule thereto contained* in relation

the tabl$ in° to the calculating, ascertaining, settling, and adjuring the amount the annexed x>f the money to be paid as the whole, or as any instaknent or schedule; and juflalnaents, of the consideration for such redemption or purchase the redtedaft as aforesaid, in cases where the' price of three pounds j

for calculating centum Bank annuities shall be above sixty y shall, in so far as

the amount, the same are applicable, be ufcdy observed, and practised in rebuke. shall be tioi* to the calculating, settling, ascertaining* and adjusting the observed. amount of the money to be paid as the whole, or as any instalment or mftahiieRts, of the consideration for fucty redemption or purchase, in cases where the price of the said annuities shall be between fifty and sixty, in the same manner as if such rules and directions had been repeated in the body of this act, or in the schedule hereto.

When necessary, the trea fury may di-rest tables to be formed to meet any variation in the prices of the Bank annuities*

II. And be it further efnaftejJ* That whenever by reason of any variations in the prices of the three poun6s.per centum Bank annuities, which are not specified in and provided for by the tables contained in the said respective schedules to the said reckedaft andf this act annexed, it shall become fte'ceflhry that other tables should be transmitted to the respective receivers or therr deputies in England^or to the collectors in Scotland, in order to-enable them to calculate, settle, and ascertain the amount of the money to be paid as the consideration for the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to order and direct that proper tables, adapted to meet such variations in the prices of the said Bank annuities as aforesaid, shall be formed and constructed upon the same principles as the tables contained in the said schedules to the said recited act and this act are formed and ed; and that such tables shall be transmitted by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes to the respective receivers-general pr their deputies in England, and to the collectors in Scotland-y and such tables so transmitted as aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual to enable such receivers-general, and their deputies, and such collectors respectively, to ascertain, settle, and jtdjuft the amount of the money to be paid as the whole, or as any iinstalment or instalraems of the consideration for the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, as if such tables had been contained in (he said schedule to this act annexed.

HI, And, whereas it is expedient to make pro vtfton for the irirolrnent emd.registry of deeds, which have not keen duly enrolled or registered'purfviani\t04he directions of the said recited dffy Qndoftho fiveralaSfs' befort

t83'; i Ann M^m ^asttklgdlnio tettitjGioTtpi* ^3

hefore Hff&ftr tbt redemption of the land-tax; be it therefore further Deeds enroll-eftadeoTTnat alt deeds required by the said recited act, and the cd before_ tel^aJadWbeftrfe^passed for the redemption of tftd fetal-tax, dr any ad, 1"? within if theta* f6 fte enrolled or repftefred* stall be valid and effectual fix'months aTfhough ffie farftS (halt not have been, or shall hot be enrolled or hereafter, regiflfefod vHtbwi the pleriods prescribod Sy thd said at£bs rdfpec- shall be valid* lively f provided the same (hah have been enrolled or regi&eted before the baffling of dire an&, or ihatt be enrolled of fegiftefed vrithHi (he oafemftr shotafrs dftef the palffng thereof.

ir

164 Anno ttgni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. [1803.

SCHEDULE to

TABLE, flitting the several Sum payable far the Redemption Purchase of

LAND-TAX to be redeemed, or fmrchaied. 5° and under 5*51 and under 52. 52 and under 53- 53 and under 54- 54 and under ss-

t 0 O O 0 4i 0 0 4i 0 0 5 O 0 5

X 0 O 94 0 0 91 0 0 9i 0 0 9i O 0 10

i 0 1 2 O 1 2i 0 1 2i 0 1 2! O 1 3

D. I.0 I 61 O 1 7 0 1 7i 0 1 7i O 1 8

2.0 3T O 3i 0 3 24 0 3 3i O 3 4

3 0 4 7i O 4 8-1 0 4 IO 0 4 11 O 5 0

4 0 6 2 4 O 6 3i 0 6 Si 0 6 6i O 6 8

5 0 7 8j- O 7 0 8 °T 0 8 2i O 8 4i

6.093i O95l 097i 0910 O 10 °i

7 0 10 IO O 11 0 11 3 0 11 5i O 11 8i

8.0 12 4r 0 12 7l 0 12 10* 0 13i O 13 4i

9 0 13 11 0 14 2i 0 14 5i 0 149O 15 °i

10.0 15 r x 5* 0 15 9l 0 16 1 0 16 4i O 16 8i 4i

11.0 17 °i 0 17 4-1 0 17 8i 0 18 ©i O 18

S. 1 0 18 6* 0 18 Hi ioi 0 19 3i 0 19 8 I 0

2 1 17 ii 1 17 1 18 7 1 19 4 2 0

3 2 15 8i 2 it) 9i 27 loi 2 18 ni 3 0 1

4 3 H 3 3 15 8i 3 17 2i 3 18 7i 4 0 ii

5 4 I 2 9i 4 14 7i 4 16 6 4 18 3i 5 0 H

6 5 1 1 4t 5 13 7 5 15 9i 5 17 Hi 6 0 2

n 8 691i 6 12 6 b 15 °4 6 17 7i 7 01

7 8 6 7 11 5i 7 14 4i 7 17 3i 8 0 2!

9 8 7 8 IO 4i 8 13 8 8 16 Hi90 3i

1095 n 1 7i99 3*912 n4916 7l IO 0 31

11 10 4 2i 10 8 2i 10 12 3 10 16 31 11 0 3i

12 11 2911 7 H 11 11 7i 11 >5 ni 12 0 44

13 12 1 3* 12 6 1 12 IO i°i 12 !5 7i 13 0 41

>4 12 19 ic>i »3 5 0 13 IO >!3 15 3i 14 0 4i

*5 % 13 18 5i 14 3 11 1 1 1495i4 >4 ni 15 0 Si

16 H >7 0 15 2 IOJ >5 8 H !5 H 7i 16 0 51

!7 15 15 16 1 9i|; 16 8 °i 164 3i 17 0 6

18 16 H u7 0 Si i l7 7 4 '7 13 11 18 0

*9 17 12 4 17 J9 <7 'I 7H ] 18 6 7l 18 13 7 19 0 6i

/ 1.! 18 11 3 18 18 7 »9 5 11 »9 13 3 20 0 7

2.1 37 2 6 37 17 2 3 8 11 IO 39 6 6 40 1 2

3 55 13956 15957 17958 19960 1 9

4 74 5 0 75 14 4 77 3 8 78 13 0 80 2 4

5 - 92 10 3 94 12 11 9697 98 6 3 100 2 11

6, 1117 6 J13 11 6 115 15 6 117 19 6 120 3 6

7 129 i89!]32 IO 1 135 1 5 '37 129140 4 1

8. % 148 10 0 ! 8 8 154 7 4 57 6 0 160 4 8

9 -r=-= 00 0 Ur*<J 1 3 170 7 3 17 3 13 3 176 19 3 180 5 3

ko.12 6 189 5 IO 192 J9 2 196 12 6 200 5 IO

20*371 5 0 373 11 8 385 18 4 ( 593 5 0 400 IX 8

j8$3-3 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 51. which this Act refers.

LAND-TAX, rf the Yearlj Amounts denoted In the First Column, when the

Fifty and Sixty, as denoted in the Second and subsequent Columns.

LAND-TAX r to be redeemed, 55. and under SL and under p and under 58 and under - .59.and under

orpurebsfed. 56.*57* 58* 39' 60. v

X*O O 5 O 0. 54 O O 54 O 0 54 9. 0 Si

4 O O I0i O O IOl O 0 ioi O 0 io£ p O 11

4 O 1 3i O 1 34 O 1 34 0 i 4 O" I 4i

J). I.O I O 1 84 St O 1 ff O 1 94 O. 1 9i

z.O 3 O I O 3 O 3 7 .--a 3 74

3 O 94 O 24 O 5 3f a S 4t 5 Si

4 O 6 O 6 11 O 7 o| 0 7 2 a 7 3i

1 O 8 6 O 8. 74 O 8 ?4 0 8 n* «9>i

6 O 10 O 10 4t O 10 64 0 10 ? 6 IO ni

7 O 11 104 O 12 It O 12 4 0 12 64 O' 12 9

8 O >3 74 O >3 10 O4 1 0 H 4 O 14 7

9 O5 34 O5 64 O 15 104: 0 16 >4 6 16 4i

10» O l6 >4 »4 O >7 34 O 17 74 0 17 11 O 184

11. O 18 O >9 Oi O 19 4t 0 19 00 t O *

1.. I O 4i I O 94 I 1 It 1 1 6 I, I°i

- 2.. 2 O 9t 2 I H 2 2 3 2 3 a 2 3 »4

3 3 .1 ?4 3 3t 3 3 4f 3 4 si 3 5 7

4 4 1 7 4 3 0i 4 4 64 4 5 "4 4 7 Si

S.v I l 114 5 3 9i 5 5 74 5 7 Si 1934

0.6 2 41 6 4 7 6 6, 94 - 6 8 6 11 2

7 7 2 94 7 5 4 7 7* lOf 7 16 si 7 13 °i

8 # 8 3 2 8 6 89°T 8 II 4 8 14 ioi

993 6496°1910 29*3 Si916 94

10 -P $ 10 3 iif 10 7 7* 10 11 34 104 Hi 16 18 74

11.11 4 44 n 8 4i 11 12 Si 11 i6r Si 12 0 Si

it 12 49129H 123 12 17 1243*4i

*3*3 S39u 134 84 94 >39Si4 4 »i

14 '4 5 64 >4 10 8 14 155 0 u4 15 6 1

J5.16, 3 1 »*i 4 15 16 11 12 Si is, 16 16 114 18 04 16. >7.2. 3 Si*i a 6 7 179"i

*7.17 6 847 12 I li '7 >9 18 s Si 18 11. 8

18.18 7 >4 183 H >9 0 4 >9 6 11 19 15 6f

J9 l9 7 i9 Si 20 1 5i 20 8 S 20 15 4i

1 20 7 11 205 3 21 2 7 21 9. 11 21 17 3

1*5 10 4* 16 6 42 5 2 4*9 16 43 14 6

3 61 81 3962 5963 796499 65 n

4*11 8 33 1 0 84 IO 4 859 8 8790

I*101 >9 7 103 16 3 «°S it 11 10797 109 6 3

6.. 122 0 124 11 6 126 15 6 .128 >sr 6 131 3 6

7 3.# 14* IC 5* HS 69>47 1$ 1 ISO95 S3 0 9

*3 3 4 160 2 0 169 0 8 171 >9 4 >74 18 0

9 3 11 3 1867 3 190 3 39393 9° «S 3

1 I°3 >9 2 207 12 6 211 S 10 21419 2 218 12 6

|4°7 18 4»415 5 0 422 11 8 4*9 18 4 437 5 0

&> Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. $t. ij.

CAP. LII.

An attfax inftwiftwg fbant hxa xpnffmfdm ijfiiiyg or tarrying inti execution certain orders ef^council fgr the preveum tion of the exportation of gunpowder, Jaltpetre, qavaf fioyes3

and the permtffon of {be exportation of feed corn to

WHEREAS the fate of publici affairs required a temporary refiraint ftpon the exportation of gwipmder, fakpetriy and i s&volfiords: and fvbqrea§ certain quantities of fastpetrq and naval*fare*y about to be exported to France apd the Batavian repubRcky T*and toper parts btyyndihrfeaty bavxy wider terOainxrders ansTdiree-tions issued and liven for that pMrpefe to the commffumers of his Majesty's sitfomiy been detained in Great Britain, and not allowed to be Heated out fir exportation: and whereas also the great dislrefs of the' kingdom o/^oxyezi fop feed cork vjen riprejentod to his Ma- fifth 9n(* application maas fop bermijfyn to export g lipitted quantity y grajn: and whep eat f t ipoitla have h$en derogatory to the f bar after ef his Myejty to have refused fuel Affiance to q nation in amity with his fid Majesty i and tvhereqs from the \atgnefi of the season .> ftrions inconvenience might have arfftn from delaying such permission, and leave was therefore given to export five thousand quarters of torn firom any parts of Great Britain for thejupplying of the kingdom of Norway: and whereat it- is therefore expedient that the prohibition nforfhidy as to the exportation of gunpowder, faltpetrey and naval jtoresy iirrd permission to export tuck corn as aforesaid, Aouidfe fane-tioned by parliament; ansi qil pefbm issuing, adyijwgy 'or acting stridor or in obedience^ to the said orders respe^ivfy indemnified\ be it t^erirfpre^sjped )>y the fang's roqft excellent Majesty, by and yrith the advice and qqrtfent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and copuk)06, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Afttoi*4hati authority of the time, That all personal actions or suits, in-be discharged distment*, informations, and all proftcutiops and proceedings again# per- wh#(bew, which have bpen or Shell be profocuted oar corned in^SrySg mcacc^ against any person or persons for Or by rjeafon Of any into execution act* matte*, or thing advised, commanded, appointed, or done orders-of ( or fpib'orne to be done, in relation to the said orders, or<^f any councillor confr^ft or agreement pot performed by reajfon or means, of, or SporteSonof obedience to, such orders, be, re, and shall be diffcharbed and gunpowder, made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit Saltpetre, &f. shall be prosecuted or commenced against any perlpn qr persons an.^.forPJrT farpr by reason of any such act, matter, cr thing so acWifed, deportation of commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such Seed corn, &c. contract or agreement not performed, he, she, or they, may pfe^d tfye general issue, and give this act and the special matter Pefendantsnn in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs m any action or actionjr.fiiit to to be prosecuted or commenced after the twenty-third day March^5f*r fifyrch one thousand cigjht hundred and tj-yee^ in that p^rt of i8oj, toll QX£ai Br\tflin caHfd England, so?ll became ponfujt, or forbear have double r Mr (her prosecution, or foffqr discoptimiance; or if a verdict pass C°#s.

1S03.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 53. r$2

against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (pall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, ihe, pr they, shall have the like remedy as in cases where costs by l^w are given to the defendant} and if any such atftion or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said twenty-third day of-Marsh one thousand eight hupdred and three, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom (uph action or suit shall be commenced or profocuted, shaft allow, to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of fuss tn all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any t&ion or suit hath Defendants been already commenced against any person or persons for any eycmutto° suchadl, matter, or thing (p advised, commanded, appointed, or itayproceed-done or forborne, to he done, or on account of any such contrail mgs, &c.' or agreement not performed, jt shall and may be- lawful for the defendants or defenders in such actions or fvits respectively, in whatever courts in Great Britain such actions or suits shall hay* been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively, to stay all proceedings therein respectively by motion in a sum-r maty way, and such court or courts are hetehy, required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall award and allow to the defendants or defends rs respectively, double costs of suit, (or which they ftuH respectively have the lil$e reo>edy, as in case§ where the coils are.by law given to defendants or dpfep<ier$.,

CAP. LIII.

An act to render the proofs of his Majesty's courts of ting's bench*

common pleas* and exchequer* in personal a ft ions* tn Ireland, more  beneficial* and alfi to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests*and.to repealfo much of an act passed in the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-ftrjl and twenty-second years of the reign of his prefint*Mojefy* inttfuled* An Act for Enlarging the time for trials by nisi prius in the city and county of Dublin \ and for making the process of the court of exchequer more effbdhsal, as re-lotos to compelling the appearance of defendants in personal actionu — [June 11, 1803.]

WHEREAS it would tend to the more Jperdy and beneficial ad-mimfiration ofjufiiot in that part of the united kingdom called Iceland, that the proofs for compelling the appearance of defendants in actions ta ke hereafter infiitueed in his Majesi/s courts of king's tench* common pleas* and exchequer* in that part of the united kingw, dent called Ireland, be affinulatod each to the Others* and* as far at

may be* to the proofs of the fupqrior eouets in that port of the united '

kingdom coded England; and that frivolous and vexatious arrests be prevented: and whereas* by an act of parliament of Ireland, made So much of in the twenty-first and twenty-fetondyears of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act for enlarging the time for trial by nisi prins it Cecity of Dublin ^ud county of Dublin* and for making fenfo£ts not

the appearing to

168 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 53.

[180$,

fubpcenag, the process of the court of exchequer more effectual agamff ^inK dcdara- who being served therewith, refuse to appear, it is, among

lions, and other things, enacted, that in all cases, from and after faffing the proceeding to said act, where a subpoena or fubpeenas shall issue out of the pints or judgement, common law side of the said court, requiring any defendant or do* fondants to appear thereto, and that such defendant or defendant* being dtily served therewith according to the then practice or course of the said court, should faffer process of contempt to a serjeant at arms to be entered against him, her, or them, for not appearing on such servicts the fold court, upon the attachment of the serjeant at arms being filed with the proper officer of the said court, with a retard made thereon by the serjeant at arms of tab said court, that tkr faH defendant or defendants is or are not to be found, should and might, in every such case, appoint an attorney to enter an appearance or appearances for such defendant or defendants so in contempt, and Upori the said appearance or appearances being Jo entered, the plaintiff or plaintiffs at whqfe suit the said subpoena Or fubpeenas should have issued, should be at liberty forthwith to file his, her, or their declaration, and to proceed thereon to judgement, and issue execution, as effectually as if such defendant or defendants bad duly and aftuaBy appeared on the service of such fubpeena or fubpeenas \ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and cotiftnt Of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-? repealed; thority of the same, That so much of the said recited act as is herein before set forth, -shall from and: after the first day of Michaelmas term in the year one thousand eight hundred and three, be repealed, and the same is hereby, from and after the ibid first day of Michaelmas term, repealed.^:

but not to U. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall

affect any avoid or in any manner affect any process of subpoena hereto-

fubpana sued forc sued out> or any proceedings thereon, or any such process first day of C which shall be sued out before the said first day of

Michaelmas Michaelmas term ope thousand eight hundred an4 three; but all term 1803. and every such process of fubpeeaa, and all actions, suits, judgements, and proceedings thereon, shall proceed in like manner, and have the same forte and effect, as if this present act bad not been made.

From the first

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Michaelmas ^at, from and after the said fir# day of the said Michaelmas

term,110*term, no person shall be held to special bail upon any process

person to be i(Tying out of his said Majesty's said court of king's bench, corn-

held to special moo pleas, or exchequer, in that part of the said united king-

ro °ft Tin ^om hdand, where the cause of action shall not amount

out^fVhe11^ to t^le of Pn pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior

court of king's court where the cause of action shall not adjourn to the sum of

bench, See. forty shillings or upwards; and that in all cases where the cause

where^tlfe a^Qn not a|Opunt to the sum of ten pounds or upwards

action shall in any of the said superior courts, or to forty Shillings or up-

not amount wards in any such inferior courts (and the plaintiff or plaintiffs

tG iot; or shall proceed by the way of prpeefs against the person), he, fife, 40J. outqf r pr

I Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III.'C. 53.' &cf

or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested the body of the an inferior defendant or defendants, but shall servehim, her, or them per-Tonally with a copy of the process; and if such defendant <ir de^ ants shall? be fondants shall not appear at the return of the process, or within served with*eight days after such return, in such case it shall and may be copy of the lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon affidavit being Procefa# made and filed in the proper court of the personal service of Defendants such process as aforesaid, (which Caid affidavit shall be filed ^j*1* gratify) to enter a common appearance, or file common bail for ceeded against: the defendant or defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such as if they had defendant or defendants had entered his, her, or their appear- entered ap-ance, or filed common bail] any law Or usage to the contrary Pcar4ncc« notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Affidavit of such affidavit of service of fu'ch process shall and may be made fci*?ice pfp*0* before any judge or edmmissioner of the court out of which roadc°befare* such process shall issue, author!fed to take affidavits in such ju<j(gcf courr.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Affidavit of That, from and after the said first day of Michaelmas term One the cause of thousand eight hundred and three, in all cases where the cause ^ma^and of a&ioft shall amount to the sum of ten pounds, or forty fliil- gud, «mdtbe lings, or upwards, as aforesaid, affidavit shall be made and filed fom: in<Jorfed; of such cause of action (which affidavit may be made before any °n the writ, judge or commissioner of the court out of which such process shall issue* authorised to take affidavits in such court), and the^e tD# sum or Aims specified in such affidavit shall be indorsed on such writ or process, for which sum or sums so indorsed the sheriff or ocher officer to whom such writ or process shall be dir&ted shall take bail, and for no more; and if, after the first day of the said Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and three, any writ or process shall issue for the sum of ten pounds Or upwards, and no affidavit or indorsement shall be made as aforesaid, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall not proceed to arrest the body of the defendant or defendants, but shall proceed in like manner as is by this act directed in cases where the cause of afiion does not amount to the sum of Jen pounds, or forty shillings, or upwards, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Notice to be That upon every copy of such process to be served upon any fendarits in" defendant, shall be written a notice to such defendant of" the the following intent and meaning of such service, to the effect following;

(that is to say),

4 A B. you are served with this process, to the intent that Form.

you may, by your attorney, appear in his Majesty's court of at the return thereof, being the

day of [as the cafi shall happen to he], in order to yoiir

defence in this a&ion/

Which said notice shall be signed by the attorney of the plaintiff

or

tovrct* &c.

In cases where it appears that

c'dnn may >fi* other kind ot ter-

MPfc Ajwo iK^tU tjundragefieao <wtto GettetJH III. c. 53*.

or plaintiffs with his chfiftjan and Surname, and tfierewpte A»U be addedhis place of residenoe, and for wfeichfcid WtWP tee or reward shall be demanded or taken.

Cprnmon ap. VIZ. Provided always, and it is hereby further bj!

Bot^beentered^w, l'ftr'ty aforesaid, That no plaintiff shall enter.aCMpmtOA for a de end. ppwrwce, or file common had for any -defijndanti <w»efe ant.'unlefe f^i/uiff or hU Attorney, or the attorney employed iof thejur* affidavit be pose of having the process perfoaally served, shall make affidavit, wade to the; n writing, that such plaintiff or attorney, (as the case may be) knows the person so swearing to such Service, and that fitch plaintiff or attorney (ps the case may he) believes. that Twh process has been person ally feryed on the defendant at fitch time as such person shall have sworn to, and in which offin da/Ut the addition and place of eefidence of the -person so fwejfing to fitch service shall be inserted j which fiud g§id#vi» shall be filed gratis,

y.UlProvided always, and bn it further ctna^ed. That whenever it appears to the court out of which the propels rn^ficannot 'Abes, that oil due diligence has ten used to have the prpeefs wyltftmMy of the court personally served, yet that under the special ctr-fbued, the aumfianeos of the case, appearing to the court by tlte affidavit of the -plaintiff or his Attorney, or the attorney employed fa* the purpose of having the process per (anally served, that if was impossible to procure pqnfonal service, that then and in teeb Sate it shall and may be lawful for the court out of which the process ijTues, to substitute such other kind of fervioc as to them " dull (bam fit.

XX. And whereas by the operation and of this 1 htWr j\itlfees and emoluments heretofore bufintfi dew end

Irafifafled on the pleas or law side of his Majtflfs court ettobofuer

fy the fittera! ejfiurs of the f may he reduced: and whereat it is just and reasonable, that in lieu of such a full

fenhtbn should be made to the said officers of the said court, who maw hold their respective offices under his letters^attnti be It Compensation therefore enabled. That compensation shall be made-to, the Sid to be made several officer so holding by his Majesty's letters.patent in nunr officer^oflhe aer following, that is to say; the chief justice of his Majesty's court of ex- court of king's beoch in Ireland for the time being; the in after cfce^uer for_ of the rolls in Ireland for the time being-; and the chief justice of his Majesty's court of common pleas in Ireland for the time being, or any two of them, shall, within three months after the passing of this act, inquire by examination upon oath as well as otherwise, which oath they, or any otyt of them, arc and is hereby empowered to administer, and shall ascertain what shall have been the average annual amount for three years, ending on the last day inclusive of Easter term in this patent year of the lawful fees and emoluments received severally by or for the patentee officers aforesaid, and shall certify under their hands in writing the respective amount thereof to the lord high rreasurer, or the lords of of the treasury for the time being in Ireland, and which certificate shall be. final and fonclusive to all intents and purposes.

X. And -

reda&ion of fees, in manner tenia mentioned.

Anno wgril (jaadfagetimo t«rtio Georgii III. c. 53. tyt

VCi And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission-the ^Mfemiffoners for auditing the publick accounts in Ireland ?rt forj1*1^ for the time beings or any three of them, ChaM, on the requif J^Sountstn frtiort in writing of ail or any of the patentee officers who now Ireland, on hold officesin the court of exchequer in Ireland, during the requisition of riffifer that' any of the said patentee officers shall continue tp hold f4£h patentee their respective offices, offem-ble cm 'such day or days in each faq^reinto year, between the last day of Trinity term and the first day of the diminu-Mhbaelmas term, as they shall think fit, and inquire, as well by tion of their examination on oath as-otherwise; which inquiry they, or any ]'e€.s' which thiee of them, are hereby empowered to make, and which oath they, or jmy three of them, are hereby empowered to s|d-fllryj shall*minister, and shall afcnruin whether there shall have been apy become a and what diminution in the amount of the lawful fees and emo- charge on the foments of any patentee officer, who frave made such re* ldate quisition in writing, for the year ending on the ia# day of Easter form immediately preceding such examination, -when compared with the amount which shall have been certified as aforesaid to the ford high treasurer, or the lords of of tho-treasury i« /rrA?»^ for the time being, by the said lord chief justice of the king's bench, the master of the roll*, er the chief justice of foe common pleas, or any two of them, the amount of which diminution fd ascertained shall, upon the same being certified in writing under the hands of the said commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, or any three of them, to the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of the treasury for the time being in Ireland, forthwith become a charge 6n the consolidated fond* and shall be tffued as if the amoutat of such diminution had been specificaHy mentioned in this act, and shall be payable and paid accordingly by the said lord high treasurer, Or the lords of of the treasury for she time being in' Ireland, to such patentee officer or officers, so long as he or they (hsftl continue to hold their respective offices without any deduction for pells, poundage, or otherwise.

JC1. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Lord-lieutffal for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors pant todireft of Ireland for the time being, to dire# inquiry to be made made7nto the from time to time by the commissioners for auditing the pbb- reduction of lick accounts \n Ireland, of any three of them, by examination fees of other on oath or otherwise, and which oath they, or any three of t^n patentee them, are hereby empowered to administer respecting the re-o^err such duction which may have been otcaiioned by the operation and allowances to cffe& of this act, in the lawful fees and emoluments of the be made for officers in the court of exchequer in Ireland, who now hold Jbtir losses as their several offices otherwise than by patent, and to direct that fit* but fu^h there be paid to the said officers during the period they shall i^g stall be continue in their several offices, by the lord high treasurer, or certified to the lords of of the treasury for the time being in th

Ireland, such allowances, rateably and according to their respect exceed*000/ tive Idles, as the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor oTpCrannum.*governors ot Ireland for the time being, shall think fit: provided

# always.

171 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. 0, 54. [t&eg,

<*, always, that the said Losses (fiall have been ascertained and «r-

tihed to the said lord high treasurer, or lords cooMmffioiws of the treasury for the time being in Jrehsnd* by the commissionWf for auditing the publick accounts in Ireland, or any th^ree of, them; and that the aggregate amount of the allowances feto

be made to the said officers -holding their respective officcsother- wife than by patent, shall not in any year exceed the sum of v three thousand pounds a year*

---

CAP. LIV.

An Act for making better provision for the parochial schoolmasters, and for making further regulations for the better government of the parish schools in Scotland.

[June 11, 1803.]

---

W'

Scotch aA,69*.

WHEREAS the parish schoolmasters in Scotland are a most useful body of men, and their labour have been of essential importance to the publick welfare: and whereas by an act passed in the parliament of Scotland, in the reign of King William the Third, in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, intituled, Act for settling of Schools (Scotch act, 1696), it is, inter alia, statuted and ordained, that there be a school settled and established, and a schoolmaster appointed, in every parish not already provided, by advice of the heritors and minister of the parish; and for that effect, that the heritors in every parish meet and provide a commodious house for a school, and settle and modify a salary to a schoolmaster, which shall not be under one hundred merks nor above two hundred merks Scots, to be paid yearly, at two terms, Whitsunday and Martinmas, by equal portions; and certain rules and regulations were laid down by the said act, relative to the apportioning and payment of the said salary by the heritors of the parish: and whereas the highest salary by the said act granted, amounting only to eleven pounds two shillings and two-pence two-thirds of a penny sterling, which by difference in the value of money, and change in the circumstances of the country, has become a provision altogether inadequate for a body of men whose labours are of so great publick utility: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the term of Martinmas next, the salary of each parochial schoolmaster in every parish of Scotland shall not be under the sum of three hundred merks Scots per annum, nor above the sum of four hundred merks Scots per annum, except in the cases herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That within three months after the passing of this act, the heritors possessed of the qualification required by this act, and the minister of every parish, shall hold a meeting, of which intimation shall be given from the pulpit immediately after divine service in the forenoon, and by circular letters, to be written by the minister of the parifla, to such heritors having the qualification prescribed by this a, #,

who

Salary to

Heritors and

miftifter of the parish to fix inch salaries.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 44. 173

Who are rton-resident, and also by feaVing*written notice at the minsion-house of every heritor, whether resident or not, at least thirty free days, before such meeting shall take place; and on dup consideration of the circumstances of the particular parish in respetft of extent, population, and valued rent, and the probable amount of the other emoluments of the schoolmaster's.;

office, such meeting shall judge and determine whether the fehoolmaster's salary shall be three hundred merks Scots per annum, or four hundred merks Scots per annum, or such sum between these two sums as to such meeting shall seem most suitable to the circumstances of the parish, ' and shall fix and determine the amount of the schoolmaster's salary, to be paid to the schoolmaster, by a resolution to be made at such meeting, a copy of which resolution, signed by the prefes of the meeting, shall be delivered to the schoolmaster of the parish as his authority for collecting and receiving the salary thereby fixed and determined, 'which shall be paid by the several heritors at the same terms*apportioned among them, in the same manner and with the same relief against their tenants as is provided by the aforesaid act of the parliament of Scotland, passed in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-six: provided always, that no falaryat Salaries pay. present payable to any schoolmaster shall be diminished; and in aWe in &r*ia all Cases where any such salary or any part thereof is payable in continue to grain or meal, such salary in grain or meal shall continue to be be so paid; paid and payable in the same manner as heretofore, with such and to be ef-additions thereto in money as to such meeting shall seem proper; ttmated at and in filing and determining the amount of the salary to be ^oomSkspct paid pursuant to this act, such grain or meal making part of such chalder. " fatary shall be efti mated gt the rate of two hundred merks per chalder.

III. And be it enacted, That the falarles so fixed and deter- Salaries so mined iii manner above directed, shall continue jo be the fixcdbj°^l salaries payable to the schoolmaster of every parish for and during the period of twenty-five years from and after the passing of this act; and within three years after the expiration of twenty-five years from the passing of this act, the sheriff or stewart of Mode of fix. every county or stewartry shall fix and determine, according to mS the avc-the average amount of the fiars of the county or stewartry for ^chJdcTof the twenty-five years preceding, what is the value or average oatmeal, price of a chalder of oatmeal, and he shall make a return of such average to the office of king's remembrancer in exchequer in Scotland; and the lord chief baron and barons of exchequer are hereby empowered and required, from such returns by the lhcriffs and stewarts of Scotland, to strike the average price of a chalder of oatmeal for all Scotland; and an order of the said court Of exchequer fixing such average shall, within three months from the date of the last return by the sheriffs and stewarts, be published by the King's remembrancer in the Edinburgh Gazette, andfiich other Scots newspapers as he shall deem sufficient, foe three successive weeks, and a copy thereof shall also be transmitted by the said remembrancer to the sheriff or stewart

clerk

174 Anno regni qtudragpfima t*ftb GSoften ttl. c. 54.

Average price clerk of every shire or stewartry m Satland\ which average to ascertained shall be the rate according to which the schoot* rate by which ma^er s faliry shall be fixed in-manner heretn-after ijire&td, f the school- and the sheriff or stewart clerk shall tr^smit a certificate tfaefp- I

matters" of, signed by him, to the minister of each par fill within the j

county or stewartry, to be by him submitted to the meeting; e'directed to be called in manner immediately after mentionedr I Heritors and

IV. And be it enacted, That within three months after the miniiter to date of such certificate, the heritor polfefteo of the.qualifie^rioq I

Shree months re<lu^ec* by this act* and the minister of every pavifh in Scotland* 1 after the date shall hold a meeting, of which intimation shall be given from of certificate the pulpit immediately after divine service in the forenoon* md of such ave- by circular letters, to be written by the minister of the parifi* to an^fuTthe ^h heritors having the qualification prescribed by this* who amount of are non-resident, and also by leaving a written notice at the schoolmaf- mansion-house of every heritor whether resident or not, at teaft tm* friaries. thirty free days before such meeting shall take places and ep due consideration of the circumstances of the particular parish in respect of extent, population, and valued rent, fufh meeting shall judge and determine whether the schoolmdler's friary of the same shall be equal to the average price of one chalder and a half, or of twa chalders of oatmeal according to the amount thereof, ascertained by the aforesaid certificate, or to such pry- i portion between them as to such meeting shall feega moil fok- I able to the circumstances of the parish, and ball fix and f determine the amount of the ichoolmaster's salary, to be paid { pursuant to such average and their re(blution thereupon*aoopy, of which resolution, signed by the prefes of the meeting, shall be delivered to the schoolmaster of the parish, as his au*.

thdrity for collecting and receiving the salary thereby fixed and 1

determined, which shall be paid to him by the several heritors at the same terms apportioned among them, in the same manner, i and whh the same relief again If their tenants, as is provided by the aforesaid aflfc of the parliament of Scotland^ in the year one I

thousand six hundred and ninety-six.

In case of

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the heritors and minister shall neglect or refuse to determine the amount of the salary to be paid to the schoolmaster according to the provisions of this act, or in case any heritor, or the schoolmaster shall be dissatisfied with the determination made, it shall be competent within three months after such meeting ought to have been held, or such determination shall have been made, for the schoolmaster to apply, or for such person so dissatisfied to appeal, to the next quarter sessions held for the shire or stewartry within the bounds of which the parish or parish kirk lies, whose judgement shall be final, and no appeal by advocation, suspension, or otherwise, shall be admitted against the judgement given at such quarter sessions: provided always, that no heritor of the parish from whence such appeal comes shall vote upon such appeal at such quarter sessions.

Ahnd c. 54.7$

VI. Provided always, and be it in enacted, That after twenty-five years shall have elapsed from the time the amount of a schoolmaster's salary shall have been so fixed, the sheriff of a shire, stewart of a stewartry, shall within three months again determine the average price of a chalder of oatmeal in the manner directed by this act; and shall, as above directed, return the same to the office of the King's remembrancer in exchequer, and the lord chief baron and barons of exchequer shall again by an order of court fix the average price for all Scotland; and the King's remembrancer shall again transmit a copy of said order of court to the sheriff or stewart clerk of each shire or stewartry, and the said sheriff or stewart clerk shall again publish the same in the Edinburgh Gazette and Scots newspapers, and transmit a certificate of said average and order of court to the minister of each parish within his shire and stewartry, and the heritors and minister shall again fix and determine the schoolmaster's salary according to such average, such salary never being less than the value of one chalder and an half, nor more than two chalders for the next twenty-five years, and so toties quoties at the end of every twenty-five years for ever, unless altered by parliament, and every such determination of salary shall be liable to appeal to the quarter sessions in manner and to the effect above directed.

VII. PfooWed always, and1 bo it endued, That irr every \frhere 0tcrdl pfttrifo Wheve there is only one heritor qualified as fterem-after ^butene preftribet^ fiiCh heritor (half have two votes ar every mewv ^itorhe iogdim^ttl1 to Be heUd pursuartrto this acY; and imi all meetings ffoirtayetwp Where? no peefe^ has been cBofew, the heritor preferttf polfdfod of votes. tftfOhigheflf urination1 shall have the casing vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thrft in every parish< where Afc ?J: a commodious house for a schori has not already been provided, porfoattt to the dirfedfions in the above recited act, afndrin- every housea^i parifflf where a* dwdtodg^house for the residence of the (bhooU garden*to be matter hai* not already beetv provided tegeitar wkfc a portion provide^ of ground for v garden tb the extent hereafter mentioned, the ^crc t^CTC heritors of every fitch' parish shall provide a commodious houte anraoftc* for a fthoo!1, artd aifa a houfo for the tefidenco of the fdmoU mrfer, foeh House' not cortfifortg of mow thantfwo apartments iiicludiiie the kitchen, together with a' portion of ground for a gardert to-lbch dwelling^houfo, from fields* used fob rheordinary pUrpdfes of agriculture or pasturage, as hear and* convenient ro tile schoolhtaSet's dHvellirtg-houfo as reasonably may be; which garden' fh&U contain at Ifedft onei-fourthf part of a Scats acre^ and stall* be intlefed* with1 such* fence as is- generally- ufod for such purpofos irr the distriA of the county Where it is*(iruated; and forcxpence of providing such schod-house, dweMing-4ious«, and gardeW, and Supporting the same shall be defrayed-and^ paid hr the same and like manner as is prescribed; for providing a house fora fehool by the aforesaid alf of the parliament of Scotland: providings always*, tHat Whew the hbritors-shall doterrtiino that if a garden " cannot be

addition to faiary shall be allowed*

Ifi case of neglect or diflatiafac-tion, school-mastera may apply to

Quarter fef-ons:

176 Annorfegni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. 0, 54. [1803.

allotted, an such garden cannot be allotted to the schoolmaster without great loss and inconvenience, it shall be optional to them, with the authority of the quarter sessions of the county or stewarjtiy, to assign to the schoolmaster in lieu of such garden an addition to his faiary, at the rate of eight bolls of oatmeal per acre* torbe computed according to the average ascertained in manner herein-before directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the heritors shall neglect or refuse to provide the accommodations of house, school-house, 'and garden, or additional faiary in lieu thereof, to schoolmasters, according to the provisions of this act, or in case the schoolmaster shall not be satisfied with the accommodations afforded him, it shall be competent for him to bring the same by representation or petition before the quarter sessions held for the shire or stewartry to which the parish of which he is school-master belongs, or in which the parish kirk is situated; and in all such cases the judgement of the quarter sessions shall be finals without any further appeal by advocation, suspension, or otherwise: provided always, that no justice of the peace who shall be an heritor in the parish of such schoolmaster shall vote upon such representation or petition.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the heritor or heritors from whose estates any ground shall be taken for the purpose of such' school-house, dwelling-house, and garden, shall

fth^l'house, have his, her, or their relief against the other heritors of the See. shall be parish, for the value of the ground so to be taken, in proportion settled by the to the valued rent of the lands belonging to the whole heritors mens. jn^parj^. such reiief to be settled only by the sheriff or fteyvart of the county or stewartry, without appeal by advocation, suspension, or otherwise.

XL. And be it enacted, That in case of those parishes which consist of districts detached from each other by the sea or arms of the sea, or otherwise, as where a parish consists of two or lift of two or more islands, of which there are several instances in the high* more islands, lands, north isles, and Hebrides, or where it is otherwise of extern'where 8rcat extent or population, so that one parochial school cannot one parochial he of any effectual benefit to the whole inhabitants of such school would parishes, it shall be competent to the heritors and cninifter, if be iufuffici- they shall see cause, on fixing a faiary of six hundred rnerks, or the value of three chalders of oatmeal, to be computed according to the provisions of this ail, to divide the same among two or more teachers, according to the extent and population of the parish; and these proportions so divided shall jbe paid to teachers of schools iii the same way and manner, and under the xfame conditions as hereafter are Specified by this act, for sup--Plying vacant parochial schools with masters; but in respect that the heritors of such parishesare to pay an higher faiary, they are hereby exempted from the obligation of providing school-houses, dwelling-houses, and gardens, for the teachers among whom the faiary is to be divided in, the manner aforesaid; and in case a difference of opinion shall arise among the heritors receding the

Relief to heritors, whose ground shall Be taken for

Regulations to be observed when psrishes con-cnt.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 54. 177

propriety and usefulness of such division of the salary, the same shall be submitted by petition or representation to the quarter sessions of the shire or stewartry, within the bounds of which the parish or parish kirk is situated; and the judgement thus obtaiped shall be finals without appeal by advocation, suspension> or otherwise.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Not to extend provisions of this act (half apply to the case of a parish, which consists only of a royal bur^h or part of a royal burgh. g

XIII. And be it further-declared, That where a parish con-Where a / sids of a royal burgh, or part of a royal burgh, and a landward p^rish consists heritor or heritors, the schoolmaster shall be appointed and°n^j_ maintained by the burgh, or by the landward heritor or heritors, ward heritor, or by the burgh and landyrard heritors, in the same way and schoolmaster manner, and according to the same proportions that have hitherto to be appoint-been observed in such parish; the salary and accommodationst^n^das^" being always equal in value to those provided by this act, and heretofore, the same remedy being allowed in case they are otherwise, and &c.

to be applied for in the manner already specially pointed out; and provided any additions shall be granted, the same shall be paid in the same proportions by the parties from whom the present salary is received.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the pa fling Schoolmastera of this act, in case of vacancy in the office of schoolmaster, by

death or otherwise, the minister of the parish shall within fifteen vacancies, days intimate or cajufc to be intimated from the pulpit, immediately after divine service in the forenoon, the vacancy which has taken place, and communicate the knowledge of the same by letter to such heritor or heritors as may be non-resident; and the heritors possessed of the qualification required by this act, with the minister of the pai; i(h, are hereby appointed to hold a meeting, of which intimation shall be given by the minister, by ediftal citation and circular letters to such as are non-resident, at lead thirty free days before it takes place; and such meeting or adjourned meeting shall elect a person to the vacant office of schoolmaster; and in the event of the parish being vacant, the presbytery shall appoint some one of t; heir number to ihakethe intimations and give the notices which, according to the provisions of this act, the minister is required to do.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the heritors as qualified hereby, and minister, shall fail to elect a schoolmaster within four calendar months from the time the vacancy shall have taken place, then the presbytery within the bounds of which the parish is situated shall apply to the convenor of the commissioners of supply of the county or stewartry, who, by any five of them, at a meeting to be called by the convenor upon thirty days notice, shall have power, jure devoluto, and are hereby directed to elect a person to supply the vacancy.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every schoolmaster Schoolmaf-clcfted under the provisions of this act shall carry the minutes, ters to be 4>r an extract or certified copy of the minutes, of fiis election to examined and

Vw. XUV. N the approved by

tery

1^78 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III.' c. 54. [1803.

the prefby. the prefoytery, accompanied with attestations of his having taken the oath to his Majesty before any one of his Majesty* justices of the peace; and the presbytery shall thereupon take trial of his sufficiency for the office, in resp* of his morality and religion, and of such branches of literature as by the rity of heritors and minister shall be deemed most necessary and important for the parifo, by examination of the presentee, by certificates and recommendations in his fayour, by their owi^ personal inquiry or otherwise, and shall fee him sign the confefo fioQ of faith and formula of the church of 'Siotland\ and their judgement or determination as to the qualifications of such pre-lientee for the office of schoolmaster shall not be reviewed or suspended By any court, civil or ecclesiastical; and provided they are satisfied with the same, he shall be furnifoed wkh an extra# from their minutes, bearing that he had appeared, produced the attestations required, and had been found on trial duly qualified for discharging the duties of the office to which he had been elected, which extra# shall complete his right to the emoluments provided by this a#.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the person defied is not found duly qualified, the heritors and minister shall only be allowed what remained of the four months, at th* time of his election, with so many days more as required by this a#.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the heritors qualified as is hereby required, and minister, in a meeting called on thirty days notification from the pulpit, and by letter from the minister to the non-resident heritors, and by notice to be left at the mansion-house of each heritor, whether resident or not, shall have the power of fixing the school fees from time to time as they shall judge expedient; and a table of such fees, signed by the prefes of the meeting, shall be hung up in the school-room: provided always, that the schoolmaster shall be obliged to teach such poor children of the parish as shall be recommended by the heritors and ministers at any parochial meeting.

XIX. And be it eiiafield, That the superintendance of schools

If found unqualified, time allowed to the heritors and minister.

Heritors and minister to fix the school, fees.

Superinten-

fdu>ol°con- continue wirh the ministers of the established church as

heretofore, according to the several a#s of parliament respefiing the same, except in so far as altered by this present a#.

XX. And be it enacted, That as often as presbyteries in the course of their visitation shall find any thing wrong with respect to the hours of teaching, or the length of the vacation annually given, or when any complaint shall be made to them upon those subjects by parties concerned, they shall have the power of regulating the same in the manner they may judge most consistent with the particular circumstances and general good of the parish; and the schoolmaster is hereby required to conform to and obey all regulations so made by the presbytery, under pain of censure or suspension from or deprivation of his office, as to the presbytery shall seem proper.

XXI. And be it enacted, That when any complaint from the

?*heritors.

tinued to ministers. Pretbyteries to fegulate hours of teaching,

1805.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. 179

heritors, minister, or elders, against the schoolmaster, charging him with neglect of duty, either from engaging in other occupations or from any other cause, or with immoral conduct, or cruel and improper treatment of the scholars under his charge, shall be presented to the presbytery, they shall forthwith take cognizance of the same, serve him with a libel if the articles alleged appear to them to be of a nature which requires it; and having taken the necessary proof, they shall acquit or pass sentence of censure, suspension, or deprivation, as shall appear to them proper upon the result of such investigation; which judgement shall be final, without appeal to or review by any court, civil or ecclesiastical; and in case they shall depose the incumbent from the office of schoolmaster, his right to the emoluments and accommodations of the same shall cease from the time of his deposition; and in case he shall fail or refuse to remove from the school, school-house and garden, within the space of three months from the date of such sentence or deposition, the sheriff of the shire, or stewart of the stewartry, upon having an extract or certified copy of the sentence or deposition by the presbytery laid before him, shall forthwith grant letters of ejection against such schoolmaster, of which no bill of suspension or advocation, nor action of reduction shall be competent: and in case of such deposition the school shall immediately be declared vacant, and the election of another schoolmaster shall take place.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any heritor who is not a proprietor of lands within the parish, to the extent at least of one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent appearing in the land-tax books of the county within which such parish is situated, to attend or vote at any meeting held pursuant to this act; but every heritor qualified as above may vote by proxy, or by letter under his hand.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all former acts and statutes with regard to parish schools or schoolmasters are hereby ratified and confirmed. in so far as they are not altered by the express provisions of this act.

CAP. LV.

An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm, during the present war; and fir indemnifying persons who may fiffer in their property by such mea- fires as may be necessary for that purpose.

[Juge 11, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that his MajestyJhculd be enabled to exercise in the moji effectual manner the powers by law vested in him, for preventing and repelling' an invasion of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by his Majesty's enemies, and that for such purpose provision should be made to enforce prompt obedience to such orders, as his Majesty> or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors oflrehnd, fir the time being, shall think fit to issue for procuring the information necessary to the effectual

180 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1803.

exercise of such powers upon any emergency, and for applying in the most expeditious manner, and with the greatest effefi, the voluntary services of his Majesty's loyal subjects for the defence of the said united kingdom; and also to enable his Majesty and the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors (f Ireland, for the time beings to procure ground which may be wanting for encamping his Majesty's armies, and for erecting batteries, beaeons, and other works which may be deemed necessary for the publick service; and also to provide for the indemnity (in certain cases) of persons who may fuffir in their property by measures which may be taken for the defence and security of the country, and annoyance of the enemy; be jt enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, and places within that part of the united kingdom called England, and of the several counties, stewartries, cities. Great Britain, and places in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, in obedience and their deputy lieutenants, or such of them as his Majesty jetty1'3 orders direct, and the deputy lieutenants, acting as lieutenants

and the go-under the laws now in force, shall respectively, in obedience and conformity to such orders as his Majesty shall think fit to issue for such purpose, and the governors of counties and places in Ireland\ and their deputy governors, or such of them as the

lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland,

dience to the for the time being, shall direct, shall, in obedience and confor-ordere of the mity to the orders of such lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, procure returns of the numbers of men redding within the several counties, ridings, stewartries, baronies, cities, and places within and throughout the said united kingdom, who shall be of the age of fifteen years and under the age of sixty years, distinguHhing which of them are by reason of infirmity incapable of active service, and which of them are engaged in any volunteer corps, or any troops or companies of yeomanry, and what corps, troops, or companies, and which of service^wh^ch them are willing to engage themselves to be armed, arrayed, seer corp^or trained, and exercised for the defence of the united kingdom 5 yeomanry, and upon what terms and which of them are willing to engage and which are in cases of emergency, either gratuitously or for hire, as boat-willing to be jnen or bargemen, or as drivers of carriages or horses, or drivers trained, wagg0ns^ carts, cars, or cattle, or as pioneers or other

labourers, for any works or labour which may be necessary for the publick service; and also distinguishing all aliens and quakers, with such other particulars as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor, or governors of Ireland shall: think fit tp require; and also to procure returns of the numbers of the males and fentales residing within the several counties,

- ridings, stewartries, baronies, cities, and places aforesaid, who by reason of infancy, age, or infirmity, or for other cause, may: probably be incapable of removing themselves in case of danger; m 1 rf boats, .^nd also*for procuring returns of all boats, barges, waggons, waggons, '* %: ' ' % carts,

The county lieutenants and their deputies in

vernors of counties in Ireland and their deputies, in obe*

lord-lieutenant, shall procure returns of men 15 years of age and under 60, distinguishing which are incapable of

1363-I Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. 181

carts, cars, horses, and other cattle and sheep, and of all hay, horses, &c. straw, corn, meal, flour, and other provisions, and of all mills thcoTthe11 and ovens, and all other matters and things which may be owners are useful to an enemy, or applicable to the publick service within willing to fur-the said counties, ridings; stewartries, baronies, cities, and niih for the places respectively; and which of such boats, barges, waggons, carts, cars, and horsep, the owners thereof are willing to fur- vlcc* C % ni(h, in case of emergency, for the publick service, either gra-tuitously Or for hire, and with What number of boatmen, bargemen, drivers, and other necessary attendants, and upon what terms and conditions, and of all such other particulars as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or chief governor or governors aforesaid shall require, for the purpose of enabling his Majesty, and the persons acting under his Majesty's authority, or the said lord-lieutenant or chief governor or governors, and the persons acting under his or their authority, to give such orders as may < be rieCeflary for the removal, in case of danger, of such persons as shall be incapable of removing themselves; and for the removal of all boats, barges, waggons, carts, cars, horses, cattle,

sheep, hay, straw, corn, meal, flour, and other provisions, matters and things aforesaid, or for the employment thereof in his Majesty's service or otherwise, as the exigency of the case shall require; and generally to give such directions touching such matters respectively, as may be deemed most likely to defeat the views of the enemy, and most advantageous for the publick service.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his His Majesty, Majesty, by and With the advice of his privy council, and for and the lord- / the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of /re- lieutenant, land for the time being, by and with the advice of his Majesty's the ", privy council of Ireland, to order and require, from time to privy council, time, as his Majesty or such lord-lieutenant or other chief go- may require vernor or governors as aforesaid shall fee occasion, the lieute- ^uc" lieutenants or deputy lieutenants acting as lieutenants as aforesaid, or JiM^or^uch1" the governors or deputy governors of counties in Ireland respect governors or tively, to appoint proper officers to be ready for arraying, deputies, to, training, exercising, and commanding such men as shall be aPP°j.nt offi.* willing to engage themselves to be armed, trained, and exer- ^g^cnwTl- cifed as aforesaid, and also proper persons to be in like manner lufg to be ready, in case of need, for superintending and directing the armed, &c. execution of the several other duties which may be necessary to be done, for the several purposes herein-before mentioned; such officers and other persons to be appointed 'in such numbers, and under such regulations and restrictions as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or, other chief governor or governors in Ireland shall think fit to order and direct; such lieutenants or deputy lieutenants, aefting as lieutenants as aforesaid, or such governors or deputy governors, first signifying to his Majesty, or to such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, the names and ranks of all officers so to be appointed, and the purposes for which they are so to be appointed, and appointing such officers

iSz Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55V [18^3.

only as his Majesty, dr such lord lieutenant or other chief golf Vrithm the ve^nor or governors in Ireland, shall approve: provided always,

a sufficient number of*officers, &c.

Iharll nor bfe signified to his Majesty, or the lorti-lieutenant, they may ap

that if the said lieutertenrs, or deputy lieutenants, adHngas lieutenants as aforesaid, or such governors or deputy governors shall not, within the time which may be Specified in the orders which shall be given for such purpose, signify to his Majesty* or to ffach lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, the names bf a sufficient number of officers, whom his Majesty* nr such lord-lieutenant or Other chief governor or governors in Ireland, (hell approve for the ^command of such men as ffialhbe311^ as kforc&id* an^ app^int such Other persons as shall he necessary necessary.

His Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant.

the attendance of the clerks, &c.

for the purposes aforesaid, it shall he lawful for his Majesty, br for such Iord-lreutteoant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, in Ireland^ to appoint so many officers and other performs as shall be necessary for such purposes.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by brder under his sign mtamial, or for such lord-Iieu-

m^authQrifecna*rt OT other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, by the lieute- order iq writing, under his or their hand or hands, to authorise nants and de- end ^require the several lieutenants and deputy lieutenants afore-puties, and said, and the fever a 1 governors or deputy governors at counties or d^uties^to m to hold such general and subdivision meetings,

hold meetings, within thfcir respective counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and and require places as his Majesty, Or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, shall think fit, and as shall be necessary for the execution of this act; and to require for fufch pUrpofefc the attendance bf tire clerks of the feVctal general meetings and subdivision meetings within their respective counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places, and of etU Other persons whose assistance shall be necessary for carrying into execution this act, in such and the same manner, and with the same powers and authorities as by the several acts now in force concerning the militia forces bf Great Britain and Ireland respectively is provided with respect to such militia forces, so far as the provisions in such adis respectively are applicable to the purposes of this a£h

IV. <And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenants and and governors their deputy lieutenants, an$l the deputy lieutenants acting as and deputies, lieutenants as aforesaid, and such governors or deputy governors justices, &c* of counties in Ireland, and all justices of the peace, constablea, like!powers typing ^n, headboroughs, and othejr officers, shall, for the as they have purposes of this act, have the like powers and authorities to do respecting the within their respective counties, ridings, stewartries, baronie^ militia laws; cities, and places respectively, all such acts, matters, and things

as shall be required by his Majesty, Or by such lord-lieutJenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, to be done by themefpe£ively in the execution of this act, as they respectively have to do the several aefts, matters, and things by law required to be»done by them respectively by any act or a&$ now inforce, concerning the militia forces of Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That all lieutenants, deputy lieutenants.

Lieutenant^ and deputies.

and to obey orders.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. 18-3

lieutenants, governors, deputy governors, justices of the peace, constables, and other officers, and all other persons, shall obey such.orders as they shall nespectively receive under the authority of this act, and the several provisions herein contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants or Lieutenants deputy lieutenants, and the governors or deputy governors of or^ePuties» the several counties, ridings, stewartsies, cities, and placesr dfputies0^ aforesaid, within such time as they shall be required by his to issue war- Majesty, or by such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or rants, when governors as. aforesaid, so xo do, shall issue warrants to the several constables, tything men, headboroughs, or other officers ^c.To cause of every pa rift or place within the several counties, ridings, returns to be stewartries, baronies, cities, and places aforesaid, to cause returns made to the to be prepared and made, touching the several purposes afore- febdivision said, or any of them, as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant, ^a^ings a qr other chief governor or governors, shall direct for their respective parishes and places; and such constables, tything men, headboroughs, and other officers shall make such returns severally and respectively to the said deputy lieutenants, or to the said deputy governors at their respective subdivision meetings, according to the warrants which shall be issued for such purposes, and shall verify the same upon oath before such deputy lieutenants or deputy governors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Majesty, in case of actual invasion of the said united king- and the l°r?- dom, and for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or c^taln^afeT governors of Ireland for the time being, in case of actual inva- may authorise Ion of Ireland, or if his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or the iieute-other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, shall fee cause town.183^-apprehend that such invasion will be actually attempted by

enemy, to authorise and empower, by order under his Majesty's deputies, to sign manual, or by order in writing under the hand or hands of order the such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, the removal of said lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, governors or deputy gon^horEs governors, or any of them, on any emergency, and on the re-

quHition of the officer commanding within the distritft, respectively, or of such other persons as his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforesaid, shall specially empower, to make such requisition, to give all such orders as shall be necessary for the removal of any boats, barges, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages, horses, cattle, sheep, bay, straw, corn, meal, flour, or provisions of any kind, or any other things which maybe of advantage to an enemy, or useful.for the publick service, and to take the same, if necessary, for the public service; and also to give such orders as shall be necessary for the removal of the inhabitants of any house, hamlet, village, distri<9:, or place, or any of them, and especially such as by reason of infancy, age, or infirmity, or other cause, shall be incapable of removing themselves in case of danger; and also, in case of necessity, -to destroy any boats, barges, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages, horles, cattle, sheep, hay, straw,

184 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1863.

corn, frieal, flour, or'provisions of any kind, or any thing which may be of advantage to an enemy, and to remove, destroy, or render useless any house, mill, bridge, or other building, or any matter or thing whatsoever, and generally to do and act in the premises as the publick service and the exigencies of particular cases shall require.

Persons enrol-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any persons who may lins them- enrol themselves in any volunteer corps of infantry or cavalry sub-volunteer11^ kquent to the date of this act shall not be liable to be called out corps subse- and placed under the command of any general officer commanding quest to this within the district in which such corps may be formed, except h^i* n°hn conf°^m^y to t^le terms of their original oflFers of service, and placed under exccPtn ca!e a<^oal invasion, or of the actual appearance of the command the enemy on the coast, or of the danger of invasion being of the general deemed so imminent as to make it adviseable for the lieutenants of the district, or deputy lieutenants, in Great Britain, or for the governors or tain ^cases'" deputy governors in Ireland, or any of them, so give orders for the removal of cattle, corn, or any other articles which may be of advantage to the enemy, or useful to the publick service, in manner herein-before mentioned.

Jf the com-

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the commanding manding offi- officer of any corps or company of volunteers in Great Britain, volunteers in w appointed under the authority of this act, or who

Great Britain ^as been or shall be appointed under the authority of an act, shall make a passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present false return, Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of yeomamv in °ffers of certain yeomanry and volunteer] corps to continue their Ireland mall Services, shall make any false return of such corps or company, make a false with intent to defraud his Majesty, or if the commanding officer return or of any troop or company of yeomanry in Ireland shall make or shall forfeithC S've any return or certificate, every such officer shall forfeit aoo/. and the sum of two hundred pounds*

His Majesty, X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his and the lord- Majesty, or for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or lieutenant, governors of Ireland for the time being, in Ireland> to authorise person^to6 any general officer or officers, or other person or persons corn-treat for missioned for such purpose, to survey and piark out any piece of ground for ground wanted for the publick service, and to treat and agree the publick with the owner or owners thereof, or any person or persons ma^ln cer- having any interest therein, for the possession or use thereof taincases, duriqg such time as the exigence of the service shall require; apply to two and in case the owner or owners of any such ground, dr justices, or any person or persons having any interest therein, shall tenmts^or1" re^u^e or decline to enter into such contract touching the deputy*go- fatpe as shall be satisfactory to such officer or officers, or vernors, to other person or persons commissioned as aforesaid, or shall be put his Ma- unable so to do by reason of infancy, coverture, or other dif-abibty, lt shall be lawful for the person or persons so authorised which they*by his Majesty, or by such lord-lieutenant, or other chief go-shall do, and vernor or governors as aforesaid, to require two or more justices direct the flie- of the peace, or deputy lieutenants, or deputy governors for the

180j.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. 185

county, riding, stewartry, city, or place where such piece ofdfftofum-. ground shall he, to put his Majesty's . officers into immediateJury to possession of such piece of ground, which such justic^s, or deputy comp^nfation lieutenants, or deputy governors shall accordingly do, and shall to be made.( for that purpose issue their warrant, under their hands and seals, commanding possession to be so delivered, and shall also issue their warrants to the sheriff of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place wherein such piece of ground shall be situate, to summon a jury, to appear and be on a day and at a place in such warrant to be mentioned, to inquire of and ascertain the compensation which ought to be made for the possession or use of such piece of ground, during the time for Which the same shall be required for the publick service, to the several persons interested therein, and to whom 4he same ought to be paid; the Verd^of verdict of which jury shall be certified by such justices or deputy certified to*" lieutenants to the receiver-general of the land-tax of the county, the receiver-riding, city, or place in England, or to the collector of the land- general of the tax of the county, stewartry, city, or place in Scotland, or to the &c* '

coHe&or of his Majesty's revenues for districts in Ireland, where the^ompeu/ such lands shall lie; which receiver-general or collector shall, ration, out of any money in his hands, pay such compensation to such person or persons, in such manner and for such purposes as by such verdict shall be directed: provided always, that no such No ground piece of ground shall be so taken for the publick service withouth*M* k*kea the consent of the owner or owners thereof, unless the necessity ^nfen^of the for the same shall be first certified by the lord-lieutenant, or two owner, unless of the deputy lieutenants, or by one governor, or two deputy the necessity lieutenants of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place in kejjrft cer-which such lands shall lie, or unless the enemy shall have actually case ofadtual invaded the united kingdom at the time when such piece afinvafion. ground shall be so taken.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when it shall have been The treasury found necessary to take for the publick service, remove, or Great Bri-destroy any waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages, horses, e

cattle, sheep, hay, draw, corri, meal, flour, or other provi- nant in Ire-fions, or any other articles whatsoever, or to destroy or injure land, shall any house, mill, bridge, or other building, or any matter or appoint per-thing of value, under the directions aforesaid, the of tain the value of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain, or the lord-lieutenant, of articles or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time taken or in-being, shall appoint persons to inquire into and ascertain the value of such articles, and the compensation which ought to be certi£cate made for the same by way of purchase or hire, or recompence from them; for damage or otherwise, according to the nature of the case 5 but if the and if the owner or owners, or person or persons interested, parties are shall be willing to accept the compepfation which shall be f°toacce tthe ascertained, the same shall be paid by the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or tion, his Ma-by such person or persons as shall be appointed by them for that or the purpose, in pursuance of a certificate under the hands of the persons jcr two juf-

186 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1803.

tices to settle fens (b employed to ascertsrin the same; and if the owner or whatoeght toOWRer^ or pepfon^persons interested, {halt not be willing to CIW - c# accept such compensation, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenantt or other chief governor or governors of Ireland as aforesaid, to order two justices of the peace of the bounty, riding, stewartry, city, or place, to settle and ascertain the compensation which ought to be made to such owner or owners, or persons interested 3 which justices shall settle and ascertain the same accordingly, and shall grant a certificate thereof to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, who shall order the same to be paid to the person or persons' entitled thereto out of any money granted for the supply of the year.

The officers Xu. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the stan-°/t^?nna- naries, and all other officers of the stannaries m Great Britain, cure returns^ respectively, in obedience to his Majesty's orders tebe issued and all other for that purpose, procure like returns to be made, and all other matters to be matters to be done touching the tinners of the counties of Devon ?-y-ch- and Cornwall, according to the customs of the stannaries and of^DevoiTand Pr*vrlegcs of the Working tinners, as are hereby required to be Cornwall done by the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants aforesaid, touching other persons residing in the said counties of Devon and Cornwall, not entitled to the benefit of such privileges; and such warden and other officers of the stannaries shall have such and the like powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the matters and things which shall be so required to be done as afcwesaid, as the said lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, stewartries, cities, and places aforesaid, have for doing the several matters and things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

The lieuta-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's commis-maww ^to^of^onersrcotenancy ^or lb city of London, the lord mayor of London, the the said city, and the aldermen, deputies, and common-councils constable of men of the several wards of the said city and liberties thereof, and the constables, beadles, and other ward officers of the same; the dnoue con^able of the tower of London, lieutenants of the Tower

ports. See. hamlets, and the deputy lieutenants of the said hamlets, and

Justices, &c. their several officers; the justices of the peace for the tower to have the liberties, the constables, and other peace officers within the asTh^Tave ^amti the warden of the cinque ports, two ancient towns, and resperfing Uie the r members, his lieutenant or lieutenants, and his or their militia laws, officers, and the mayors, jurats, justices of the peace, constables, and other peace officers for the liberties of the cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their mehibers; and all other justices of the peace, and and all persons whosoever exercising the powers of justices of the peace in any part of the united kingdom; and all constables and other peace officers within their respective districts; and all other persons having authority within thfc same, shall put in execution all and every the powers and provisions Contained in this act, in like manner as they are respectively

authorised

j^3*l Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GioRcm-lft c. 187

Wthorised to pot in execution the several laws respectkig thfc militia forces of the said kingdom, or any of them respectively, within their nrfpe&iwe districts.' "*

XIV. And be it further Coaled, That the form of convio Form ofcwi-tion, by one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, in punfuance schSnlcmw bf this act, fot forth and expressed wt the schedforie hereunto an* ufwl wsrtT nexed, may be used with such additions and variations oqly, as the necessary may be neceflhry to adapts the famte to the particular exigencies variations, of the case^ and that no bbjeftion shall be made, or advantage

takea, for waint of form an any fttch conviction, by any person t>r perfoas whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of any Acceptance of

commission, under the authority of this act, shall not vacate the noMovacate fefctof any tn ember returned to serve in parliament. feats jn'

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective derks Hament.

of the general and subdiv*fia« meetings, in Great Britain and clerks of the Ireland, respectively, oooolfitables, and other officers required to meetings, execute this act, and who AaH reipe&iyely execute the same, to the satisfaction of the deputy lieutenants or deputy governors ^fic^rs*e-assembled, at $beir respective subdivision meetings, shall have Ceive com-9nd receive such compensation for their care, trouble, and cx- pensations. J>ences, in and about foe executing of this act, as the Grid deputy lieutenants or deputy governors dialbjudge them respectivefly to havb -deferred for the same; and the said deputy Hetfeuams or rieputy governors shall direct such compensation to be paid, by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, in England, or the collector of the land-tax of the county, stewartry, city, or place, in Scotland, or by the collector of his Majesty's revenue, for the district, in Ireland, as the case shall require, out of any anoney in his hands; and such peoeiver-general or collector, re-Xpeftively, shall pay the same accordingly, in case such order as 4hal) be made by such deputy lieutenants, at such subdivision meetings, shall be confirmed at a general meeting in Great Britain; and in case such order as shall be made by such deputy governors, in Ireland, and shall be confirmed by the governor or governors of the county, city, or place, but not otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any confta- Penalty for bk, headborough, tything-man, eV other inferior officer or ftfobeying other person, shall disobey any orders which shall be issued in obstruct^r ipurfuance of this act, or shall obstruct or hinder the execution the execution -thereof, every such person, upon conviction of such dfferree, of this act, -before any justice of the peace, of the county, riding, stewartry,

city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay a (urn not less than five pounds, and not exceeding one bund red pounds, at the discretion of such justice; and m jdefauk of immediate payment thereof, then such justice is hereby irequired to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place where the offence shall be Committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and

4he monies arising by such penalty shall be paid to the treasurer Of the couflty, riding, stewartry, city, or place, where the offence

No order or conviction shall be removed into any court, nor proceedings thereupon super-lcded.

His Majesty, and the lord-lieutenant, may authorise three deputy lieutenants, or

penalties.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 55. [1803.

shall be committed, to be applied as part of the flock of fddi county, riding, stewartry, city, or place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no order or conviction made, in pursuance of this act, by any lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, governor, deputy governor, or justice of the peace, shall be removed by certiorari, advocation, or suspension, out of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place wherein such order or conviction shall be made, into any court whatever; and that no writ of certiorari, advocation, or suspension, shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, and for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, in Ireland^ to authorise any three deputy lieutenants, or three deputy governors, of any county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, in the absence from such county, riding, stewartry, city, or place of the lieutenant or

aft iTthe ° governors thereof, to do all acts, matters, and things in the absence of the execution of this act, which might lawfully be done by such lieutenant or lieutenant or governors; and the same shall be good and valid governor. in the law as if done by such lieutenants or governors.

Recovery of

XX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties by this act imposed, for recovery whereof do other means are hereby provided, shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster> or in Dublin, or the courts of great session in the prin*< cipality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster % or Durham, or in the court of session or court of exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action shall be commenced within three months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint shall arise, and not elsewhere \ and the defendant or de-

[General issue.]

fen<jants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon j and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as'any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have continuance during the present hostilities with France.

Limitation of actions.

Continuance of ad.

" I

x803.1 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. 189

XXIII. Provided always, That this act or any of the pro* Act may be -visions herein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed by*

any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament. 8

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of CONVICTION for disobedience of orders, or obstruction or hindrance of the execution of such orders.

M \ lt remem^ere<*> That on this day of

to wit. jJO in the year of his present Majesty's reign, A.B. of is duly convicted before me

one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of in pursuance of an act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [here fit forth the title of this act], for that the said A.B. on at

did contrary to the said act; wherefore I the said

do adjudge that he the said,/. B. do pay the sum of as a penalty for his offence, in pursuance of the powers veiled in me by the said act.

Given under my hand and seal this day of '

in the year of our Lord

CAP. LVI.

An act for regulating the vessels carrying passengers from the united kingdom to his Majesty's plantations and settlements abroad} or to foreign parts, with respect to the number of such passengers. —

[June 24, 1803.]

T 7C THERjJiAS in various parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, several persons have been fiduced to leave their native country under false representations, and have fuss fired great hardship on ship-board for want of water and provisions, and other necessaries, and of proper accommodation on their passage: and whereas it is expedient that no ship or vessel shall be permitted to carry a greater number of passengers on long or dislant voyages, either > to his Majesty's colonies abroad or to foreign countries* than can be properly furnished with provifms, and sufficiently accommodated on the passage\ and it is also expedient that proper security should be given' fir their being landed at the ports or places to which they may have contra fled or agreed to be carried: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it From July* shall not be lawful for any matter or other person having or nomaf* taking the charge or command of any British ship or vessel what- Brih^wSrel, ever, which shall clear out from any port or place in the united fromanyplace kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the first in the united day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, to have on ^gdwn, board, at or after being cleared out, at any one time, or con- any.paxube-

vey, yond fca a

CjO< Le

with goods, then in that proportion for the part unladen, &c.

190 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56.

[1803, greaternunt- vey; carry, or trarvfpott, from any place or places in the said united kingdom-, to any pans beyond sea, in any such ship or every°two*v*fi*ly a greater number of persons, whether adults or chAdrea* tons burthen; including the crew, than in the proportion of one person for and if any every two tons of the burthen of such ship or vessel; and every part be laden such or vessel ^ass be deemed and taken to be of such tonnage or burthen as is described and set forth in the uefpedHve certificate of the registry of each and every such ship or vessel, granted in pursuance of the several acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively relating to such certificates; and if any such ship or vessel shall be partly laden with goods, wares, or merchandize, then it shall not be lawful for the master of other person having the command or charge of such ship or vessel to receive or take on board a greater number of persons, including the crew, than in the proportion of one person for every two tons of that part of such ship or veflef remaining unladen; and such goods, wares, or merchandize with which such vessel may be partly laden, shall, at the fight and tinder the direfTiori of the collector or comptroller, or other officer of the customs, at the port or place where such goods, wares, of merchandize shall be taken oh board, be flowed and disposed of in such manner as to leave good, sufficient, and wholesome accommodation for the proportion of persons hereby allowed in such case to be received onboard.'*

II. And be it further enacted, That if any master or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such

or the owners ta^C 1X1 k°ar<* or the owner or

lh*ll^ngageto owners of any such ship or vessel, shall engage to take on board take on board a greater number of persons than in the proportion allowed by more than al- this act, such master or other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and forfeit W l*ie pounds for each and every such person ex-

50l. for each seeding in number the proportion herein-kefore limited; and person, and moreover every such ship or vessel so having onboard, con-the vessel shall veying, carrying, or transporting, one or*more person or persons* ^11 th^enalt proportion herein-before limited, shall be seized and

be paid*.6 3^detained by the collector, comptroller, surveyor, or officer of the customs, until such penalty or penalties shall be satisfied and paidj or until such master or "other person, or the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall give good and sufficient bail for the payment thereof.

Vessels bound

III. And be it further enacted, That every such ship or to North vessel bound to any port or place in North America, shall be

beared with ^ore<* an(* ^urnl^ed with at least twelve weeks provHIons and

°rt 1 good and wholesome water, sufficient to afford an allowance per day during the voyage' of not less than half a pound of meat, one pound and a half of bread, biscuit, or oatmeal, with half a pint of melasses, and one gallon of water, to each and every person on board, whether adult or child 5 and the master of dr other person having or taking the command of such ship dr

vessel is hereby directed and enjoined to give out to each and every person on board at least the allowance herein directed'. each

If the master shall take on

certain quantities of provisions and water. Penalty for Hot giving to each period iris daily allowance*

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio 6s6rgii.HL c. 36. 191

each ami every day of the voyage, under the pain of twenty pounds of lawful money aforesaid for eaclrneglect or omission 5 and any person demanding a clearance for any such ship or Penalty for'vessel which shall not be stored with provisions and water in demanding a manner herein directed shall forfeit and pay the sum of fi^veflbhTnot^ pounds for each and every person for whom there shall not properly be a quantity of provisions and water sufficient to afford the stored.: allowance herein directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, before receiving a clear-Before re-ance or sufferance for any such ship or vessel, the matter or other cri*ing a person having or taking the charge or command thereof (haB musterrol^ deliver to the officer of the customs from whom such clearance shall be deli- > or sufferance shall be demanded, a muster-roll, distinguishing the vered to the passengers from the crew, and specifying the names, age, and officer of the lex of the persons received or to be received oh board, and the custom8* conditions upon which persons severally have been or are toi>e received on board, and the place or places to which such persons have severally contracted to be carried or conveyed; and every Penalty for person delivering a false muster-roll shall forfeit and pay for-^cri"?a every offence the sum of fifty pounds for each person omitted, d mu cr* or falsely stated or deforibed therein, and it shall and may be Officer of the lawful for the collector, comptroller, or furvpyor of the customs of the port or place at which any such ship or Vessel shall be rafter the*cleared out, or in the absence of such collector, comptroller, and passengers and surveyor, the resident officer of the customs at the port, together men before With ariy one of his Majesty's justices of the peace or other ma- for'an*devia-gistrate* if such justice or magistrate can be found at such port tions^om^he or place, or within a convenient distance thereof; and such col- provisions of leltor or comptroller, or such resident officer, together with this act, may such justice or magistrate, is hereby directed and required to vdfels til?bail Inufter the passengers and crew on board every fucti ship or j£r^vessel immediately before failing, and to compare the persons ties be found, found on board with the persons specified and described in the said muster-roli delivered by such matter or other person aforesaid, and to search and inspect every such ship or vessel; and if it shall appear that a false muster-roll has been delivered, or if more persons shall be found on board than in the proportion herein allowed, or if the ship or vessel shall not be stored and provided with provisions and water sufficient to afford the allowance herein directed, then it shall be lawful for such colletftor or comptroller of the customs, or the principal officer of, the customs, together with any such justice or other magistrate, to seize

and detain such ship or vessel, and the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, until he or the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shallfirid good and sufficient bail, to the amount of the penalties hereby imposed for exceeding the proportion of persons to be received oh board, as herein-before limited, and for demanding a clearance for any such ship or vessel without being stored with provisions and* water in manner herein directed, and for delivering a false nfoftSr-rOlI> and no clearance shall be given by any offi<xr*of thecuft<^(fts, ^p.jiearanett

until shall be given

tions shall have been comblied with, a certified copy of the muster shall be delivered to the matter, add the original shall be preserved at the

vessel.

Hgz Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. [180£.

until the per- until the said collector or comptroller, surveyor or principal fons be muf- 0gjcer Of the customs, together with such justice or magistrate, if Vhe regula-'iave musteredthe persons on board, and shall have searched

' and inspected the ship or vessel, and provisions and water, in manner herein directed; and if upon such inspection the regulations of this act shall be found to have been duly complied with, a copy of the said iXiufter-roll so delivered as aforesaid shall be certified by such collector or comptroller, or principal officer of the customs aforesaid, to be delivered to such matter or other person aforesaid, and shall be preserved by him on board such ship or vessel; - and the original tnufter-roll delivered by such matter or other person as aforesaid shall remain and be pre-, served at the custom-house where the clearance or sufferance is custom-house. granted*

If any person, V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon any other than the such muster, or otherwise, any passenger, or person who has crew, shall be enterC(j into any Contra& or agreement for such voyage (other

proce^ingon t^le crcw ^lP or ve^e-)» &all signify to such col-

the voyage, he le&or or comptroller, or other officer of the customs, or to any shall be taken justice of the peace or other magistrate, that he or she is deflrous out of the of being relanded, or (of not proceeding on any such voyage, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector, comptroller, or other officer of the customs, and such justice of the peace or other magistrate, and they are hereby empowered and requited to take such person out of the ship or vessel; and it shall be lawful to and for such justice of the peace or magistrate, and they are hereby empowered and required, to set any such passenger free from his engagement, reserving to either party any legal claim which may aril'e in consequence thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no passenger shall be received on board of any such ship or vessel, unless at a port or place where a custom-house shall be established, or officers of the customs shall be stationed; and if any passengers shall be taken on board any such ship or vessel at any other port or place, the

the customs is ma(jer or other person having or taking the charge or command on penalty of or vessel shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hun-

509l. dred pounds; and such ship or vessel shall be seized and detained

No vessel car- by any officer of the customs, until such penalty shall be paid, or rying 50 per- such n^fter or other person, or the owner or owners of such (bip or vessel, shall find good and sufficient bail for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no such ship or vessel carrying fifty persons or upwards, including the crew, shall be cleared out, unless such ship or vessel shall be provided with a fufgeon, who shall produce to the officer of the customs required

ha^DalTed110 2, vc c^earance or sufferance, a certificate of his having his exLnina- passed his examination at surgeons' hall, in London, or at the tion. royal college of surgeons of Edinburgh or Dublin.

Every surgeon

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every fqch surgeon shall have a shall have a medicine-chest properly stored with medicines, in Se^properlr to number of persons on board of such ship or

stored; and vdTelf of the kind and according to the assortment generally

used

No person shall be received on ' board at any place where an officer of

fons shall be cleared out, unless provided with a futgeon, who shall produce a certificate of

180j.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. 19$

used and made for such voyages on board'of his Majesty's {hips before the of war; and before any such ship or vessel shall be allowed to be vessel is cleared our, every such surgeon shall specify upon oath, before specify the the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, contents, and at the port or place from whence such; ship or vessel is to be that they are cleared out, the contents of such medicine-chest, and shall fur- S0(jd> upon ther make oath that the medicines are of good and prope- shall be depo-quality, to the best of his knowledge and belief, which oath such sited in the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, is custom-house. hereby required and empowered to administer; and the affidavit Penalty on of every such surgeon shall be deposited and preserved in the malteis, .^.c# customrhouse where the clearance or sufferance Of such ship or a^edicine-vessel shall be granted, and the master or owner of every such chest, or (ur-ship or vessel failing to provide a medicine-chest of the descrip-geon not tion above-mentioned, and every such surgeon neglecting or making oath, refusing to make oath as herein-directed, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty founds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the bedding of each and Bedding shall every passenger on board any such ship or vessel shall be aired

by exposure upon the deck, when the weather will permit, once gate(1> on pe_ a day during the voyage, and such ship or vessel shall be fumi- nalty of ao/. gated with vinegar at least twice in every week during the voyage 5 and every such master or other person having or taking such charge or command shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for each failure or neglect in airing the said bedding, or in fumigating thC ship or vessel.

X. And be it further enacted, That no clearance or sufferance No clearance, shall be granted to any such ship or vessel, unless the master of ^all be grant-other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, ^3^"^nd^itnd also the surgeon thereof, where a furgeop is by this act re- surgeon give qusted, shall % have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- bond to keep cessors, such bond to be taken by and left in the hands of the Journals duiv. collector or comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs contafning^ at the port or place from whence such ship or vessel shall be certain parti*. cleared out, in the sum of one hundred pounds, with condition cuiars.

that such master or other person having such charge or command as aforesaid, and such surgeon, where a surgeon is required, shall several iy keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the greatest number of persons which shall have been onboard of fuel^(Kip or vessel at the time of her departure, and at any time during her voyage, and until her arrival at the port of her destination, and of the provisions and water on board, and of the delivery of the daily allowances thereof in manner herein directed, and of the airing of bedding, and of the fumigating the ship or vessel, and of the death of any of the passengers or crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage, from the first departure of the said ship or vessel, to her arrival at her port of destination $ and such master or other Master and person having or taking such charge or command as aforesaid, surgeon shall and such'surgeon, shall deliver such journals to the collector or journals to other officer as aforesaid, at the first port of the united kingdom the officer at

where the port of

194 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. [1803.

arrival on where such ship or vessel (haN arrive after returning from, such return from port^Jestination, and shall severally make oath to the truth of aridfhalifwear their respective journals* to the best of their knowledge and to the truth belief, before such collector or other officer as aforesaid, who is*thereof; and hereby authorised and required to administer the said oath; and fheil°!n*Cir t co^e<^or or other officer as aforesaid shall deliver to such them cVpTs ° ma^er or other person as aforesaid, and to such surgeon'respect of their oaths tively, copies of the oaths of such master or other person as and journals, aforesaid, and such surgeon, and also of the said journals respectand transmit tively, which copies (hill severally be attested as true copies, thlfcommit un(^er the hand of such collector or other officer as aforesaid; iioners of the and duplicates of the said copies, atrested in like manner, shall customs: be transmitted by the said collector or other officer aforesaid, to

the of of his Majesty's customs in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, according as such journal shall be delivered and such oath shall be made, in England, Scotland, or mailers or Ireland; and if such master or other person aforesaid, or surgeon,

surgeons aft- Qjau act contrary hereto, such master or other person, and fur-hj^eto^ffial? geon> shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit forfeit 100l. and pay the sum of one hundred pounds. l?o master of

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful any other for any master or other person taking or having the charge or vefl£ia f arln* C0I"man^ an>r or vessel, other than a British ship or out^fteMuly Ve* owned, navigated, and registered according to law, i, 1803, (half clearing but from any port or place in the united kingdom have on board aforesaid, from and after the first day of July one thousand eight i^e^erson hundred and three, to have or take on board a greater number for every five of persons, including the crew, than in the proportion of one tons burthen, person for every five tons of the burthen of such ship or vessel $ on penalty of and every such ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of beyond Sa? tonnaSc or burthen as shall be ascertained by the oatfi of proportion.^niafter or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, taken before the collector or other chief officer of the.customs, at the port from whence such ship or vessel shall be cleared out, which oath the said collector or chief officer is hereby authorised and required to administer; and it shall and may be lawful for such collector or chief officer to muster the passengers and crew, and to search and inspect every such ship or vessel; and if more persons shall be found on board th^n in the proportion herein allowed, every such master or other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the sum o^ fifty pounds for every person so taken on board beyond the proportion herein Application of allowed, one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his heirs pebbly. or successors, and the other half to such collector or other officer aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to seize and detain such, ship or vessel, until such penalties shall be paid.

Act not to

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in CXrta*nt0(rr th*8 a<^ contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to ce 1 ve e s»€xten^ to {hips or vessels in the service of his Majesty, or of his Majesty's post master-general, or of the customs and excise in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or of the East India company.

*Bo£.] Anncnregii quadragdGnio teptio Gnokon III. c. 56* 195

Kill. And be it further enacted, That if, after any such ship Penalty on or vessel shall have been cleared out, any master or other person for

having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or provisions or vessel, shall unship, reland, or permit or (offer to be unftiipped water;

£r reianded, any provisions or water, such rpafter or other perfoq shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That If any paf- hut a propor*

feng$r or passengers, whp may be desirous not to proceed on ^5

such voyage, shall be reianded, or shall not proceed in the any^rfqn manner herein*before difede^ then it shall and may be lawful shall be refer such master or other period aforesaid, to unship or reland, lfn^led. under the inspectian of the officer of the customs at the port or

place from whence such ship or vessel shall be cleared out, a quantity of provisions and water not exceeding the proportion Efficient for the allowance of fitch pafiengtror passengers so reianded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That an abstract of this act Commission-

shall be prepared by and with the dife&ion of the of cr the

of his Majesty's customs in England, Scotland, and Ireland re- an

(pedlively, and a copy thereof mall be hung up in the custom- abstra# of house of every port of the united kingdom, and a copy thereof, thj? to be

and a copy also of the said moster-roll, shall be hung up and hung PP fe

affixed to the xnoft publick place of every passengers jupder the regulations of this a3; and the master or

r copy _____

other person having or taking the charge or command of such and of the ship or vessel shall cause the said copied to be renewed, fp that the same may be at a|l times acqeflible to every person on board evekyi* of such ship or vessel, upon pain that every such master or other veil'd, on pe« person having or taking the charge or command of every such nalty of 20L Ibip or vessel, who shall negied to affix or renew the same, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all captains and officers Officers com-eommanding his Majesty's ships of war or revenue-cutters, who ^ai^or ^P# shall most ajny such ship$ or vessels at sea, shall and may, and revenue-cut-they are hereby empowered and required to call for the said ters, shall call tnufter^rpll, and to (earth such ship or vessel; and if any more for niufter-pr other persons (fiaH be found on boardthan are (pedfied in £udi uiufter-roll, or if a quantity of provisions shall not be found and if the on board sufficient to afford to each person the daily allowances provisions of herein directed during the remainder of the voyage, unless it this act have Aval! appear that fitch vessel has been detained on her passage, after leaving the port or place at which the passengers embarked, beyond the time for which the quantity of provisions hereby fejuJ tp required are directed to be provided, or if such allowances shall same jgoqc.^ not have been dealt out in the preceding part of the voyage in manner herein directed, then, in either of these cases, such captains or officers may seize and detain such ship or vessel, until good and (Efficient bail shall be given at the port or place to Which such ship or vessel may be carried by the order and di-redion of such captains or officers, who are hereby empowered to put hands on board to take charge of herfqr that putpoie;

Q 2 >.end

thereof,

196 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 56. [1803.

and if the state of such ship or vesselr and the provisions on board thereof, will permit, it shall and may be lawful for such captains or officers to fend back such ship or vessel to the port from \Vhence (he was cleared out, or otherwise to carry such ship or vessel into such port as the state of the provisions on board, or the supply which such captains or officers can afford, will permit.

No such vessel

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no such ship or to be cleared vessel shall be cleared out, unless the owner or owners, or the bond^be^iven ma^cr or ot^cr Person having or taking the charge or command that the vessel hereof, shall have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuels sea-worthy, cessors, such bond to be taken by apd left in the hands of the and that the collector or comptroller, or other proper officer of the custotns

ihMl te^li-n Port or P*ace ^rom w^ence ^ch ^ip or ve^e

veredat the" cleared out, in an amount equal to the sum of twenty pounds port contract- for each passenger on board such ship or vessel, with condition edfbr. that such vessel is sea-worthy, and that every such passenger, if'alive, shall be landed at the port or ports to which such passenger shall have contracted to be conveyed.

Penalty on

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if arty officers of the custom8°sign-C cust°ms shall knowingly sign or give out any clearance or fuf-ing sufferances ferance for any such ship or vessel, contrary to thC regulations contrary to of this act, every such officer shall forfeit and lose his employ-this act. ment, and shall also forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

How penalties

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all sum and sums of shall be paid money, penalties and forfeitures in this act mentioned and contained, shall be calculated and paid, and payable within Great Britain in lawful money of Great Britain, and within Ireland in Irish currency; and that any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the court of exchequer or in the court of session in Scotland^ in the name of his Majesty's attorney-general for England or Ireland, or his Majesty's advocate for Scotland respectively, or in the name of any person or persons whatsoever, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed^Double costs. and in every action or suit the person against whom judgement shall be given for any penalty or forfeiture under this act shall Suits for pe- pay double costs of suit; and every such action or suit shall and Baltics maybe may be brought at any time within three years after the offence brought with- committed, and not afterwards 5 and one moiety of every penalty ays v*JCar8fto be recovered by virtue of this act shall go and be applied to

pp ICft lOtl O i /l., Kiq kairc nr fnr/'flflnre «tir) mnipfv tr\ flip

and reco. vered.

his Majesty, hia heirs or successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person or persons as shall first sue for the same, after deducting the charges of prosecution from the whirfe.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person taking any oath by this act, authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any perfop to take any oath by this act au-mherstotake thorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall them..commit

penalties.

Penalty on persons taking false oaths, or suborning

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. 197

Commit wilful perjury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons* committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Lhnitation of shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for thing8*d«ie any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such \n pursuance case the said action or suit shall be commenced within three of this act. calendar months after the fa& committed, and not afterwards,

and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and that the defendant or defendants in such action or suit to be brought may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence General issue. at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done ia pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their a£Uon, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or upon demurrer judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Double costs, defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Act not to this a£h contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ^strictions or repeal, alter, or affect, any law, statute, usage, or custom now in Regulations of force in the united kingdom, or within Great Britain or Ireland artificers and respectively, for the restriction or regulation of artificers and others' from others, from or in going or passing from any part of the united g*1^dth?*8 kingdom to parts beyond the seas, or to regulate the ships or

vessels carrying and conveying such artificers or other persons

whatsoever, or the matters or commanders, or persons having

the charge of such ships or vessels*, but that all such laws, usages,

and customs, shall remain in full force and effect, to all intents

#nd purposes, as if this act had not been had or made.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better protection of the trade of the united kingdom during the present hostilities with France.

[June 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS it will add to the security of trade to prevent ships failing without convoy, except in certain cases \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, ' by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That* from and after the twentieth day of June one thou- IWtfS June.fend 140

out leave.

Jf a master fails without convoy, or

198 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii IIL c. 57* [ 18

vessel belong- sand eight hundred and three, it shall not be lawful for any (h'i>or

'efth'8sub- vc^ belonging to of his Majesty's subjects (except i£

jetfT, (except herein after provided*) to fail or depart from liny port or place

as herein pro- whatever, unfeis under the convoy and protection of such ship or

vided), shall ships, vessel or vefleis, as shall or may be appointed for that pUr-fail without p0fem

h Jl. And be it further enacted, That the master or other person* v^d/nefc to havinghc charge or command of every such ship or Vessel Which separate frqra shall fail or depart undcf the protection of convdy, shaft and io convoy wi£h- hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to continue with such convoy, during the whole of the voyage, br during such part thereof as such convoy shall be directed to accompany and protect such ship or vessel; and shall not wilfully Separate or de* part therefrom upon any pretence whatever, without order or leave for that purpose from the officer having the command of such convoy.

III. And be it further enacted, That* if any maftef or other person, having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel - which by this act is required not to fail or depart without con- it without v°y> contrary to the directions contained in this act, fail of leave, he shall depart from any port or place whatever (except as herein-aftel forfeit tpoo/.j is provided), without such convoy as shall be appointed for that if any purpose, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart carpo be naval ^rom fych convoy without leave obtained from the captain or or military other officer in his Majesty's navy, entrusted with the charge of stores, 1590l. such convoy, before such ship or vessel shall hate arrived at the port or place of her destination, or so far on her voyage as such convoy shall be directed to accompany and protdd such ship or vessel, every such matter or other person, having the charge 6t fptnmand of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit* for every fitch offence, the sum of or\e thousand pounds; and ih case the whold or any part of the cargo of any such ship or vessel shall consist of naval or military stores, every matter or other persons, having the charge or command of such ship or vessel so loader* with naval pr military stores, who shall fail or depart without such convoy s« aforesaid, or shall afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained as aforesaid, Owfl for* feit, for every such offence, the sum of one thousand five hundred Penalty may pounds: provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the cotirr* be jpitigated. out of wfjjGh the record for the trial of any action or suit for the recovery of any such penalty shall issue, to mitigate or lessen the same as the said court in their discretion shall think fit, having tegatd tb the crrdufhstances of the case and the value of the ship and cargo* so afc by such mitigation the penalty fee made not less than fifty pounds.

ff a vessel fails

IV. And ft further enacted, That in ca/jj any such ship br v, or Vepa- fail br depart without ednvoy, or shall afterwards

rates from'it desert or wilfully separatp or depart from such convby, contrary without leave, tb the provisions of this act, every policy of insurance or contract Jhemfurance br 'agreement For any insurance upon such ship or vessel, or upon withrtfj*tp act, wares, br tnerchapdize laden or to be laden 0*1 feoar^i

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. 199

thereof, or upon any property, freight, or other interest, arising the property out of the same, whereon infu. ances may lawfully be made, (and or^nyoerfbn which shall be the property of the master or other person having interestedwho the charge or command or such ship or vessel so failing without is privy to the convoy, or wilfully emitting the same, or of any person interested offence; and if in such ship or vessel or cargo, who shall have directed or have a

been any way privy to or instrumental in causing such ship or/ctt]ctmnt vessel to fail without convoy, or wilfully separating therefrom), thereon, or shall be null and void to all intents and pjuxposes both at law and a, lownY' in equity, any contract or agreement to the contrary notwith- °ount°of {landing; and rhat nothing shall be recovered thereon by the loss, he shall assured for loss or damage, or for the premium or consideration forfeit too/* in the nature of a premium which shall have been given for such insurance; and if any party to such insurance, his, her, or their executors, or administrators, any broker, agent, or other person,

shall knowingly make or effect, or procure to be made or effected, or shall nogociateor traofad any settlement upon such insurance, or pay or allow in account, or agree to pay or allow in account or otherwise, any sum or sums of money upon any loss, peril, or contigency relative to any such insurance, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Officers of the any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, in Great Britain

or Ireland, to permit or suffer any ship or vessel, which is by this ve^e o be ad required not to fail or depart without convoy, to be cleared cleared out-©utwards from any port or place in the united kingdom to foreign wards until parts, until the master or other person, having the charge or ^ve^bond* command of such ship or vessel, shall have given bond to his fail Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient surety in the without con-penalty of the value of such ship or vessel; which bond shall bevoy, and not taken by the collector or other principal officer of the customs at -° feP?rate such port or place, who is hereby authorised apd required to take rom 1 ? such Cecurity, with condition that such ship or vessel shall not fail or depart without convoy contrary to the directions contained, in ihis ad, and shall not afterwards desert or wilfully separate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained from the captain or other officer in his Majesty's navy entrusted with the charge of such convoy, before Inch fljip or vessel shall have arrived at her port or place of destination, or so far on her voyage as such con* voy shall be appointed to accompany and protect such ship or vessel,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Ad not to ex-in this ?d contained, by which ships.of v.efiels are required nottend to veflbto to (ail or depart without convoy, shall extend or be construed to"oUregilter-extend toxany (bip or vessel which is not required to be registered ed, or tf> vef-by apy act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately be- fels licensed fore the passing of this act, or to any ship or vessel for which a ^Y theadmi-a licence shall be granted to fail or depart without convoy, either to inch as are by the lord high admtra) of Great Britan* or by the commis- proceeding to doners for oxeevuipg the office of lord high admiral for the time join convoy,

vrpnt- aatn

being, «cePta#to 07 clearance-

200 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. [1803.

bond, nor to being, or.any three or more of them., or by such person or ersons vessels failing ms duly authorised by him or them, or any three or more

to°f other Ip6 diem, for that purpose; or to any ship or vessel proceeding the kingdom, with due diligence to join convoy from the port or, place at nor to vessels which the same shall be cleared outwards, in case such convoy IndiTor fid ^a^ be aPP°*nted to fail from some other port or place, except r u nevertheless as to the bond hereby required to be taken upon the clearance outwards of such ship or vessel 5 or to any ship or vessel bound to or from any port or place within the same; or to any ship or vessel belonging to or hired by or in the service or employ of the united company of merchants of England trading to the EqJI Indies, or the Hudson s- Bay company.

VII. Provided affo, and be it further enacted, That no fee, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded or received for any licence granted in pursuance or under the authority of this adh teruHo vdTels

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this failing from contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship foreign ports, or vessel failing or departing without convoy from any foreign if there shall port or place, nor to subject the matter thereof, or any other person, to any of the rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, or forfeitures hereby prescribed, directed, and imposed, in case there shall not be any convoy appointed for such ships or vessels, nor any person or persons at such foreign port or place duly author appoint them. rj(ecj the jorc| high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time, being, or any three or more of them, to appoint convoys for such

ships or vessels, or to grant licences to such ships or vessels to fail A. or depart without convoy.

causenoticeto -IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall apd may be be infer ted in lawful to and for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the the London of for executing the office of lord high admiral for

CJazettcs^and l*me be*nS' or any three or more tbcm> or ^uch person as transmited to duly authorised by him of them, or any three or more of the commis- them, for that purpose to give notice that all matters and other persons having the charge or command of any ships or vessels which are by this act required not to fail or depart without convoy, shall have on board their refbective ships or vessels such flags, vanes, or other materials as shall be necessary for the purpose of distinguishing such ships or vessels, and of enabling such

son's- Bay-company

No fee to be taken for licences.

not be any convoy appointed, or persons there authorised to

sioners of the cu(loins', that inafters shall have flags on board to answer signals,

they shall not* ma^ers or ot*Ter Perst>ns to answer the signal or signals1 made by

be cleared outwards.

the captain or other officer in his Majesty's navy entrusted with the care of such convoy; such flags, vanes, or other materials to be provided by such matters and other persons having the charge and command of any ships or vessels which are required by this act not to fail without convoy, which notice shall be inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, Ireland, and Scotland, in order to the same being by them Tent to the principal officers of the custotns at the several ports, for the information of the persons concerned; and that after such notice no such ship

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. 201

or vessel shaft be cleared outwards until it shall appear to the satisfaction of the proper officer of % the customs that the ship is*provided with such flags, vanes, or other materials.

X. And be it further er.acted* That if any ship or vessel which Matters in by this is required not to fail or depart without convoy, shall danger of be in iifiminent danger of being boarded or taken possession of the enemy by the enemy, the matter or other person having' the charge or to make fig-command of such ship, shall make signals by firing guns, or nals to the rest otherwise, to convey information of his danger to the rett of the °* the fleet, convoy, as well as to the ships of war under the protection oftodestroy which he is failing; and that in case of such ship being boarded jnftnicbon$, and taken possession of, he shall destroy all instructions confided on penalty of in him relating to the convoy; and every matter or person having

flic charge and command of such vessel, who shall neglect to make such signals, or shall wilfully omit to destroy such inflections as before mentioned, shall, for every such ofifonce, forfeit a r sum not exceeding the 'fiim of two hundred pounds.

XI. Provided always, 'and be it further enacted, That nothing Commerce-in this act contained with respect to ships or vessels failing or de- ment of parting without convoy, or afterwards deserting or wilfully fe-paratingor departing from such convoy, shall extend, or be con- Guernsey, (trued to extend, to any ship or vessel which shall fail or depart See. or other from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many or Port3 «n either of them, for or on account of such failing or departure on EuroPe>

or before the twentieth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, or from any other port or place in Europe on or before the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and three, or from any other port or place in the West Indies, or any other part of America, on or before the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred and three, or from any port or place in Africa ox Afea on or before the twentieth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three.

XII. And be it further enacted, That orie moiety of all Recovery and pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, as far as the application of same relate to ships or vessels failing without convoy, or wilfully peia ies# separating or departing from such convoy, or to insurances, shall,

if filed for within the (pate of one year from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuir, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in* any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVcJbninfiery for offences committed in England, or at sea, or in parts beyond the seas; and in the case of vessels failing frotyi any port in Scotland, in his Majesty's court of exchequer-at Edinburgh, for any offences committed as aforesaid; and in the case of vessels failing from any port in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record af Dublin, for any dffences committed as aforesaid, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, privilege, wager of law* or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and in default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no, 'such

loz Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 57. [1803.

such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable^ except

in the name of his Majesty's attorney.general in England or

Ireland, or advocate in Scotland* by information in the respective '

courts aforesaid, in which- case the whole of such penalty or

forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors;

and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and

forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the h*nds of the receiver*

general of his Majesty's customs in England, Ireland, and Scotland respectively, for the time being, and be appropriated and applied

in the same manner and to the same uses and purposes in Gnat

Britain, as the duties of tonnage on ships by any passed in this session of parliament shall be directed to be appropriated

and applied; and in Ireland, shall go to and be deemed and taken

as part of the consolidated fund of Inland.

His Majesty's

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in

attorney- case any such prosecution shall be commenced by any person or

England and Person for the recovery of any such penalty or forfeiture as

Ireland, and aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's attorney*

advocate in general in England and Ireland, or advocate in Scotland* in case

appear to their satisfaction respectively that such penalty

ings on pro- or forfeiture was incurred without any intention of frauds to

fecutions. flop all further proceedings on every such profecotion, as, well

with respect to the share of such penalty or forfeiture tp which

any such person may claim to be entitled, as to the (bare thereof

belonging to his Majesty, Ins heirs or successors, upon such

terms nevertheless, as to costs and otherwise, as any such attorney*

general or advocate shall think reasonable.

Limitation of actions.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons

for any thing done in pursuance of this a£, such action or suit

shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the

fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the

county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not

elsevtrhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action

[General issue.]

or ^it may plead the general issue, and give this act and thp

special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon 5 and

if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such

action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited

or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judge.

tnent shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defend-

[Treble costs.]

an* or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the iilte

remedy for the same as any defendant hath, in any other cases to

recover costs by law.

Vefllls laden

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it

with the pro- shall be lawful for any ship or vessel employed in the Newfound*

fishery, or ^ei7' being wholly kden with fish or ether produce of the

the growth said fishery, or with articles of the growth or produce of the said

of N'ewf und-island of Newfoundland* or coast of Labrador, (ail or depart

land, or La-, from any port or place within the said island, or-.on the said brador, may r /*coast.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. 463

coast, (except as herein a ftdr is provided), without being accom- 6il without panied with or being under the protection of convoy, or without convoy or a licence having been obtained authoring such ship or'vessel fohccncei to fail or depart.

XVI. Provided always, and be it Further enabled. That no* but not while thing in this act shall extend, or be Construed to extend, to any person permit or allow any ship or veflei to fail or depart from the port authorised to of Saint John's in the said island of Newfoundland, without being j^ ant licence under the protection of convoy, or without licence being

obtained for that purpose during the time any admiral or other port at Saint person duly authorised by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, John's, or by the commissioners for executing the officenof lord high admiral for the time being, to grant licences for permitting ships or vessels to fail or depart without being under the prc* testion of convoy, shall be Rationed or resident at the said port of Saint John's.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and Continuance continue in force during the present hostilities with France. of act*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act may be altered* varied, or repealed by any act to be passed in this altef*d or re* present session of parliament. iHRon,

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the further prevention of malicious ahooting, and attempting to discharge loaded fire-arms, atabbing, cutting, wounding, poifining, and the malicious tifing of means to procure the miscarriage of women; and also the malicious setting fire to buildings \ and also fof repealing a certain aft, made in England in the twenty-first year Of the late King James the First, intituled An act to prevent the destroying and murthering of bastard children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled An act to prevent the destroying and itiutthering of bastard children; and for making other provisions in lieu thereof.

[June 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS divers cruel and barbarous outrages have been of late wickedly and wantonly committed in divers parts of England and Ireland, upon the personss of divers of his Majesty's subjects, either with an intent to murder, or to rob, or to maim, disfigure, or disable, or to do other grievous bodily harm to such subjects: and whereas the provisions now by l#w made for the prevention of such offences, have been found ineffectual for that purpose: and whereas certain other heinous offences, committed with intent to destroy the lives of his Majesty's subjects by poison, or with intent to procure the mifiarriage of women, or with intent, by burning, to defiroy or injur* the buildings and other property of his Majesty's subjects, or to prejudice persons who have became infer ers of or upon the same, have been of late also frequently Committed-, but no adequate means have been hitherto provided for the prevention and punishment of such offences \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty^ by and with theodvice andconieF/t of the lords spiriml

204 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 58. [1803.

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-From July 1, bled, and by the authority of the same, ' That if any person or 1S03, ptrions persons, from and after the first day of July in the year of Our Irebml^who1 ^ord one ^boufand eight hundred and three, shall, either' in &all wilfully England or Ireland, wilfully, malicioiifty, and unlawfully (hoot at ihootat, (tab, any of his Majesty's subjects, or shall wilfully, maliciously, and or cut, with unlawfully present* point, or level any kind of loaded fire-arms^murder°rob a*ny Majesty's subjects, and attempt, by drawing a*or maim, See. tr'gger or in any other manner, to discharge the same at or any of his'against his or their person or persons, or shall wilfully, malici- Majesty's ously, and unlawfully flab or cut any of his Majesty's /ubjedfcs,

S 5 d f intent in^so doing, or by means thereof, to murder, or rob,

nVlur poison1 or to maim, disfigure, or disable such his Majesty's subject or subjedh, or with intent to do some other grievous bodily harm to such his Majesty's subject or subjects, or with intent to obstruct, resist, or prevent the lawful apprehension and detainer of the person or persons so (tabbing or cutting, or the lawful appre-

to procure miscarriage of any woman quick with child;

or maliciously hension and detained of any of his, her, or their accomplices for Jet fire to any offences for which he, she, or they may respectively be liable^by law to be apprehended, imprisoned, or detained; or shall suffer death, wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully administer to, or cause to be administered to or taken by any of his Majesty's subjects, any deadly poison, or other noxious and destrudfive substance or thing, with intent such his Majesty's subject or subjects thereby to murder, or thereby to cause and procure the miscarriage of any Woman, then being quick with child; or shall wilfully, maliciously* and unlawfully set fire to any house, barn, granary, hop oast, malthouse, ((able, coach house, outhouse, mill, ware-house, or (hop, whether such house, barn, granary, hop oast, malthouse, (table, coach house, outhouse, thill, warehouse, or (hop shall then be in the possession of the person or persons so setting fire to the same, or in the possession of any other person or persons, or of any body corporate, with intent"thereby- to injure or defraud his Majesty or any of his Majesty's subjects, or any body corporate, that then, and in every such case, the person or persons so offending, their*courrfellors, aiders, and abettor, knowing of and privy to such offence, shall be and are hereby declared to be felons, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy: provided always, that in case it shall appear on the trial of any person or persons indicted for the wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully (hooting at any of his Majesty's subjects, or for wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully presenting, pointing, or levelling any kind of loaded fire-arms at any of his Majesty's subjects, and attempting, by drawing a trigger, or in any other manner, to discharge the same at or againfy his or their person or persons, or for the wilfully, maliciously, and unlawfully dabbing or cutting any of his Majesty's N subjects with such intent as aforesaid, that such acts of dabbing^ or cutting were committed under such circutnstances as that if ^death had ensued therefrom the same would not in law have; amounted to the crime of murder, that then and in every such

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 38. 205.

case the person or persons so indited shall be deemed and taken to be not guilty of the felonies whereof they shall be fb indieted, but be thereof acquitted; % '

II. And whereas it may forrwtimes happen that poison or some ether Persons ad mi-5 noxious and destructive fubfiance or thing may be given, or other means niftering me-^used, with intent to procure miscarriage or abortion where the woman men hot may not be quick with child at the time, or it may not be proved that ^u5ck with

k Jhe was quick with child; be it therefore further enacted, That if child, with any person or persons, from and after the said first day of July intent to in the said year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and carriage" three, fl^ll wilfully and maliciously administer, to, or cause to be deemed guilty administered to, or taken by any woman, any medicines, drug, of felony, &c. or other substance or thing whatsoever, or shall use or employ, or cause or procure to be used or employed any instrument or other means whatsoever, with intent thereby to cause or procure the miscarriage of any woman not being, or not being proved to be, quick with child at the time of administering such things or using such means, that then and in every such case the person or persons so offending, their counsellors, aiders, and abettors, knowing of and privy to such offence, shall be and are hereby declared to be guilty of felony, and shall be liable to be fined, imprisoned, set in and upon the pillory, publickly or privately whipped, or to suffer one or more of the said punishments, or to be transported beyond the seas for any teem not exceeding fourteen years, at the discretion of the court before. which such offender shall be tried and convicted,

III. And whereas doubts have been entertained ref petting the true sense and meaning of a certain act of parliament, made in England in the twenty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King James thet

First, intituled An act to prevent the destroying and murthering 21 Jac. 1. of bastard children; and also of a certain other act of parliament, c*7- and madf in Ireland in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty 0 % ueen Anpe, also intituled An act to prevent the destroying and Irish aft murthering of bastard children; and the same have been found in 6 jundry cases difficult and inconvenient to be put in practice; forvtPea9remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of July in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and three, the said two several acts, and every thing therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said first day of July in and trials the said year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and three, of women, the trials in England and Ireland respectively of women charged wrth the murder of any issue of their bodies, mate or female, their bastards, which being born alive would by law be bastard, shall proceed to be pro-and he governed by such and the like rules of evidence and of cet; ded against preemption as are by law used and allowed to take place in; other Ctrials° respect to other trials for murder, and as if the said two several for murder; aSs nad never been made.

IV. Provided always, and be. it enacted, That it shall and.but if ac-may be lawful for the jury by whole verdict any prisoner.^J^JJ^the charged with such murder as aforesaici shall be acquitted, to find,

in in cases of*

2o6 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59, [1805.

concealment in case it shall To appear it) evidence that the prisoner was dfli-of bastards, be VjCreiCj of jgjje Gf body, mate pr female, which, if born alive, inpri onecu wou](| have been bastard, and that (he did[, by secret burying, or otherwise, endeavour tp conceal the birth thepepf, and thereqppn it shall be lawful for the court before which stich prisoner shall have been tried to adjudge that such prisoner shall be committed to the common goal or house of correction for any time not exceeding two years.

CAP. LIX.

An act for remedying certain defects in the laws relative to the building and repairing of comty bridges, and other works maintained at the expence of the inhabitants of counties in England.

[June 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS the inhabitants of cdunties in that part of the united kingdom called England are by law bound to repair, support, and maintain the publici bridges, commonly called County Bridge*, within such counties respectively, and the roads at each of the ends thereof for limited distances; but the laws empowering them so to da are irsufficient and defective: and whereas doubts have arisen how far the said inhabitants are liable to improve such bridges when they are not sufficiently commodious for the publick; for remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confem of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Surveyors of thority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the fur-county veyor of bridges and other publick works, in each and every bridges cm- COunty respectively within that part of the united kingdom called ^materials England, appointed or to be appointed by the justices at any ge-6>r the repur neral quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, of bridges in and the said surveyor is hereby authorised and empowered to the same imn-fwrch for? amj carry away gravel, stone, sand, and other

"eyor$ of^ materials, for the repair of such bridges and roads at the ends turnpike thereof, as the inhabitants of counties ace bound to repair, and roads. to remove obstructions and annoyances from such bridges and

roads, in such and the same manner as the surveyor or surveyors of any common highway withiivthis kingdom is or are by an adfc made and passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his pre-13 Geo. 3. sent Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one c. 7 act of parliament, the Jlatutts now in being for the amendment and pre-

servation of the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, authorised to do 5 and the several powers and authorities thereby verted in the surveyor or surveyors of highways, as well for the getting of materials as the preventing and removing of all nuisances and annoyances from such bridges and roads, ' shall be and the same are hereby Verted in the surveyor and surveyors of county bridges, and the roads at the ends thereof as aforesaid and the several penalties, forfoit-ures, matters, and things, in the said act contained, relating to highways, shall be and the same are hereby extended and applied.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59.

aoy plied, as far as the same are applicable, to such bridges, and the roads at the ends thereof as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same and every part thereof were herein repeated and rc-tna&edj the said surveyor or surveyors making satisfaction and compeofadon for all trespass and damage done in the execution of the powers of this act, in such and the same manner as the forveyors of highways are required to make in and by the said piabove-mentioned act of the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any bridge or Quarter fef-bridges, or roads at the ends thereof, repaired at the expence of fiona»l-any county, shall be narrow and incommodious, it shall and may com-

be lawful toand for the said justices, at any of their general quar- tv bridges, ter feshows, to order and direct such bridge or bridges, and roads, &c. to be widened, improved, and made commodious for the publick; and that where any bridge or bridges, repaired at (lie expence of any county, shall be so much in decay as to render the taking the same wholly down necessary or expedient, it shall and may be lawful (to, and for the said justices, at any of their said general quarter sessions, to order and direct the same to be rebuilt, either on the old feite or Situation, or on any new one more convenient to the publick, contiguous to or within two hundred yards of the former one, as to such justices shall seem meet; and if, for the purpose of altering the situation, or of widening or enlarging any such bridge or bridges, road or roads as aforesaid, it shall be necessary to purchase any land or ground, it shall and may be lawful for such county surveyor or surveyors, by and under the direction of such justices at their general quarter sessions as aforesaid, to set out and ascertain the same, not exceeding in the whole one acre at any one such bridge as aforesaid, and to contract and agree with the owner or owners of such land, and per suns interested therein, for the purchase thereof, either by a sum ingxofs, or by an annual rent, at the option of such owner or owners*and if the hid surveyor c^r surveyors cannot agree with the said owner or owners for the purchase thereof, or the recompence to be made for the same, or by reason of such owner or owners not being to be found, shall be prevented from treating, then and in $very such case the said justices in their general quarter feflims shall impannel a jury, and afTofs the compensation and satisfaction for such land, and for the irefpafe and damage to be done by the execution of the powers of this act, in the same manner as they are authorised and empowered to do by the said above mentioned act of the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in relation to highways; and all and every the dauses, powers, provision^exemptions, penalties, matters, and things, in the said atf contained, as well with respect to impan- '

jieliiag juries, examining and (wearing witnesses, payments of expepces, enabling bodies politick, corporate, and collegiate, and other incapacitated person % to sell and convey, and all other the powers and provisions of the said act, shall be, and the same are hereby extended and applied to the works by rhis xS-authorised

lions vested in the surveyor.

208 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 59. [1803.

to be doite and performed', as far as the same are applicable, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted* provided, that no money shall be applied to the amendment or alteration of any such bridge or bridges, until presentment shall have been made of the inefficiency, inconveniencv, or want of reparation of such bridge or bridges, in pursuance of some or one of the statutes made and now in force concerning publick bridges.

Tools and

III. And be it further enacted, That the right and property materials pro- of all tools, implements, timber, bricks, (tones, gravel, and other V1uarte^yfef-e mater*a^s9 purchased, gotten, or had, or to be purchased, gotten, lions veiled or had* by or the order of justices in counties, or the surveyor of county bridges for the time being, or in any respect belonging to such counties, shall be and the same are hereby vested in such surveyor for the time being in whom, upon any action or indictment being commenced or prosecuted, such property may be laid.

Inhabitants of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of coun-counties may ties shall and may sue for any damages done to bridges and other sue for da- works maintained and repaired at the expence of such counties io^r'd^estn respe<^'vety* anc* for t^le recovering of any property belonging the name^f to counties, in the name of their surveyor, and also shall and the surveyor. may be sued in the name of such surveyor*and no action or pjrofecution to be brought or commenced by or against the inhabitants of counties, by virtue of this act, in the name of the said surveyor, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such surveypr, or by the act of the surveyor, without the content of the justices at their general quarter sessions assembled, but the terveyor for the time being shall be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in such actions, as the case may be: provided always, that every such surveyor in whose name any action or suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this adfr, shall always be feimbursed and paid, out of the monies in the hands of the treasurer of the publick (lock of such county respectx tively, all such costs and charges as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being fomade plaintiff or defendant therein; and also all the costs and charges of prosecuting any indictment or indictments, or other proceedings, against any person or persons whomsoever.

Description of

V. And^ for the more clearly ascertaining the description of bridges bridges, inha- hereafter to be erected, which inhabitants of counties shall and may be bitants of bound or liable to repair and maintain*be it further enacted, That

counties shall no bridge hereafter to be erected or built in any county, by or at be liable to, & c - r } r uj

the expence of any individual or private person or persons, body

politick or corporate, shall be deegied of taken to be a county

bridge, or a bridge which the inhabitants of any county shall be

compellable or liable to maintain or repair, unless such bridge

shall be erected in a substantial and commodious manner, under

the direction or to the satisfaction of the county surveyor, or

person appointed by the justices of the peace at their general

quarter sessions assembled, or by the justices of the peace of the

county

repair.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6o. 209

county of Lancaster, at their annual general sessions$ and which furvtyoror person so appointed is hereby required to superintend and inspect the erection of such bridge, when thereunto requelled by the party or parties desirous of erecting the same; and in case the said party or parties shall be dissatisfied, the matter shall be determined by the said justices respectively at their next general quarter sessions, or at their annual general sessions in the county of Lancaster.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all orders and pro-Orders re* ceedings made and had within the county of York, relative

county bridges, shall in future be made and had by the justices of t£e comrty'of the respe£Uye ridings, assembled at the annual and general quarter York to be sessions of the peace holden the first whole week after Easter, and made by the at no other sessions whatever within such ridings, except at such [^first^week adjournment as shall be made at the above annual and general after Easter. quarter sessions so holden as aforesaid, for the express purpose of carrying such orders made as aforesaid into effect: provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any two justices of the said ridings respectively, in cases of emergency, to give such orders for making temporary bridges or such temporary repairs as shall be necessary for the temporary accommodation of the publick.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to herein contained shall extend to any bridges or roads which any extend to person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, is, are, or shall bridges re-be liable to maintain or repair by reason of tenure, or by pre- tenure." feription, or to alter or affect the right to repair such bridges or

roads. v

[Publick act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LX.

An act for remedying certain defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain exchequer bills.

[June 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the thirty+ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for raising an act-39 Geo. 3. ditional sum of money by loans or exchequer bills for the service c. 41. of the year, cine thousand seven hundred and nindty-itine, it was amongst other things provided, that such exchequer bills as were issued by virtue of the said act, should and might be signed by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or in his name by any person duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the same, with the approbation of the lords commissioners of the treasury, in writing, lender their hands, or of any three or more of them: and whereas Robert Jennings, esquire, was duly authorised by the said auditor, and approved by the said lords commissioners of the treasury, fd to sign the said exchequer bills to be issued by virtue of the said act: and whereas several subsequent

zio Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6l.

[1803.

acts for raising money by loans or exchequer bills have provided, that the exchequer bills to be issued under such alts respectively rhight be signed by such person as might be f$ authorised and approved as aforesaid, under and by virtue of each and every such act respectively: and whereas the authority of the said Robert Jennings has been omitted to be renewed under each of the last mentioned acts \ but notwithstanding such omission, the said Robert Jennings has continued to sign such exchequer bills as if the authority given to him by virtue of the said first-mentioned act of parliament had extended to all exchequer bills subsequently to be issued, and had not been confined to such exchequer bills as were issued under the said first-mentioned act of parliament: and whereas the publick have had the benefit of the money raised by virtue of such exchequer bills, respecting the validity of which doubts may arise; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Exchequer authority of the same, That all such exchequer bills as have been bills issued issued by virtue of any act or acts of parliament passed previous the^alfcn^of to Pan8 present and which have been signed by

this signed e said Robert Jennings, in the name of the auditor of the receipt by Robert of his Majesty's exchequer as aforesaid, shall be, and be deemed to Jennings shall be, and to have been, for all civil purposes, contracts, and en-finedb the* Sa8ements> as valid, and in as full force to all intents and pur-auditor/ C P°fes* from the first issuing of the same, as if the same had been signed by the said auditor; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ad not toaf-

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-fed any pro- tchd, or be confirmed to extend, to prejudice or affect, in any latingfcj such manner whatsoever, any prosecution now depending, or which exchequer may he hereafter commenced for or relating to any act done prebills. vious to the passing of this act, touching or concerning, or relating to the said exchequer bills, or any of them, so as aforesaid signed by the said Robert Jennings in the name of the said auditor of his Majesty's exchequer.

CAP. LXI.

An act for the relief of[oldiers. Jailors, and marines, and of the wives osso Idlers, in the cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England.

[June 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS soldiers and marines % and Jailors, or persons dip-charged from being such, having occasion to return to their rc- spective homes or places of legal settlement in England, which are frequent ly at a considerable dislance, are under the necessity ofsoliciting alms for their relief: and whereas by such soliciting the y have been, by and under an act of the thirtyfsecond year of his present Majesty, intituled»

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the seventeenth year 3* Geo. 3. of tfoe reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, c a# to amen(] and make more effectual the laws relating to*rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and

to

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 61. 211

4 to houses of correction, ' deemed rogues and vagabonds within the meaning of the said act of the seventeenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and liable to be purified accordingly: for remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every soldier or marine duly dif- Every soldier, charged out of any regiment, and every sailor duly discharged marine, or out of any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's navy, sailor, on carrying his discharge by the third day at the latest from the date ^scharee"18 thereof to the mayor or chief magistrate of the city, town, port, within 3 days or corporate place, nearest to, or within fifteen miles from the to the nearest place where he shall have received his discharge, shall receive from chief magis. such mayor or chief magistrate a certificate tinder his hand, ^eiveacer-stating the place to which the person so discharged is desirous of tificate of his going, being his home or place of legal settlement, together with place of fetrle-the time to be fixed, not exceeding ten days for every one hun- ment, on pro-dred miles, and so in proportion, except for a reasonable cause to ^Ich^bein be expressed in such certificate; and such person having and pro- in j^s Vout/ ducing to such persons as shall lawfully demand to see the same he fhaHnot* such discharge, and such certificate as aforesaid, and being in for diking his route accordingly, both as to time and road, shall not by reason of asking relief be deemed to be a rogue or vagabond vagabond, within the meaning of the said acts, or either of them: provided always, that every such discharge shall bear the true date, both as to the time when and the place where it was given, and shall express the sum or sums, if any, which were paid to such soldier or sailor at such time and place.

II. And whereas it frequently happens that where regiments are ordered upon foreign service, the wives of non-commissioned officers and soldiers being with their hufiands> are not permitted to embark, and having thereupon the like occasion to return to their homes or places of legal settlement, are under the like necessity of soliciting alms, and it is expedient that they also should be declared free and exempt from the fines Wives of and penalties of the said atts; be it further enacted, That the wife of non-commis-any non-^commissioned officer or soldier ordered for foreign service, honed officers making due proof of her not being permitted to embark with her making* bufba'nd, before the mayor or chief magistrate of the city, town, proof of not port, or corporate place, nearest to or within fifteen miles from being permit-'the place at which the regiment to which the said non-commis- ted to embark fumed officer or soldier belongs is ordered to embark, or of any ^jjU " other city, town, port, or corporate place, at which the said regi- receive from ment shall happen to b#e on its march under orders for embarka- the nearest tion, shall receive from such mayor or chief magistrate a certi- chic^ ficate under his hand, and the corporate seal of such city, town, certificated port, or place, statipg the place to which (he is desirous of going, their place of being her home, or place of legal settlement, together with the settlement, time to be fixed, not exceeding ten days for every one hundred which will miles, and so in proportion, except for a reasonable cause to be toastrelie? ^xprested in such certificate $ and such person having and pro? while in their

P 2 ducing route, &c.

from accident ot sickness.

Certificate

aiz Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62. [1803.

during so such person as shall lawfully demand the same, such certificate, and being in her route accordingly both as to time and road, shall not, by reason of afleing relief, be deemed tObc a rogue or vagabond within the meaning of the said acts or eitherof them. New certifi- 111. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, catetobe That in case of accident or sickness duly proved, which shall affixed to the prevent the person having such certificate from proceeding Sdelay 011 or her journey, according to the terms prescribed therein,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief magistrate of any other city, town, port, or corporate place where such person shall be, or shall arrive, to grant a new certificate, stating therein the true reasons for granting the same, and containing the like provisions as are herein-before described, and annex the same to the former certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That certificates or pafTes from the ad- granted as heretofore from the office of admiralty or war-office ^ce^dif^to discharged fal!ors> soldiers, or marines, or to the families of charged men, feilors, soldiers, or marines serving abroad, or lately deceased, to Sec. mall have carry them to their respective homes, shall have the same effect thefari^eeifed and force to all intents and purposes whatever as the certificates as heretofore, herein permitted to be given by the magistrate as aforesaid; and that the terms of the same may be extended in each instance which shall appear to require it by a new certificate from another magistrate in manner herein-before mentioned.

CAP. LXII.

An act for transferring to the royal navy such seamen as are now serving in the militia of Great Britain.

[June^4, 1803.]

WHEREAS, in the present conjuncture it is expedient to transfer, to the service of the royal navy, such seamen as are now serving in the militia of Great Britain; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect par-His Majesty lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it may direct shall be lawful for his Majesty from time to time to authorise and private militia direct the colonel or other commandant of any regiment, bat-te^en^who ta^on> corPs>or independent company of militia of Great Britain, shall agree to from time to time to discharge any number of private men serving enter into the in any such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, navy, to be being seamen, as shall desire their discharge for the purposedf discharged. entering, and shall have agreed toNenter, into the royal navy;

and every such private man, on due proof and examination onim oath before any justice of the peace of mecounty or place where such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company shall be quartered or placed (which oath every fucKJustice is hereby authorised and required to administer), as well is in regard to the time of his service at sea, as to other circumstanrces necessary to satisfy such colonel or other commandant of the fad of such service, shall, when and after having been examined by such sea

1803«] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GsostGirtll. c. 6z.

officer or Tea officers as shall be appointed for this service, if ap* proved of by him or them, be discharged from the militia, and delivered over to such sea officer or sea officers, and enrolled in his Majesty's naval service; and every such man so discharged as aforesaid, on so engaging to serve in the navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the prel^nt war, and for the space of three calender months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace between Great Britain and the republick of France, if the ship on board whiih such person shall serve shall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the space of six calendar months next after the arrival of such ship in such port.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the colo- Notmqfethan nel or other commandant of any regiment, battalion, corps, or a certkin proindependent company of militia, shall not at any one time dif-to^fedSf'* charge, or cause to be or have discharged, in ptmttance of this chargecjatofie act, from the said service of the militia into the navy, more in timcjaiidoer-number than one inten of all the private men then enrolled in tificates of the the said regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company,

unless or until other men, according to the directions of this act, namC8f &c# to in the proportions herein after specified, shall be raised and en- be transmitted rolled in the room of the private men before discharged $ and that to the admi-whenever such colonel or other commandant shall have dif-1* charged from his regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, such proportion of one inten of men enrolled as aforesaid, he is hereby required to cause certificates of the number of men so discharged who shall respectively have been enlisted or entered in the navy, signed by himself and by the adjutant of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, to be transmitted to the office of the admiralty; and every such certificate shall contain the names of the men so discharged. and of the officer or officers of the navy to whom they shall respectively have been delivered.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant Volunteers and deputy lieutenants respectively of the county, riding, stew- pmyhe raised ajtry, city, or place to which the regiment, battalion, corps, or J2cn>so^if^ independent company from which such private men shall be discharged, &c. charged doth belong, ' and also the colonel or other commandant

of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, and every other commissioned officer duly authorised by the colonel or other commandant of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, shall be and each of them is hereby empowered, by beat of drum or otherwise, to raise volunteers, front tinje to time, to be enrolled as private men in such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, in the room of such private men as shall from time to time have been discharged in porfiiance; of this act; and that the colonel or other commandant* whenever the number of private men so discharged shall be replaced by new recruits, shall and be is hereby required to certify the same by writing under his hand to the secretary at war, to be laid before his Majestyj and it shall and may be lawful for

214 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.

[1803.

the said colonel or other commandant thereupon, and upim receiving the directions of his Majesty for that purpose, to pfoceed to discharge such further number of private men, being featnen, as shall desire their discharge, in manner and for the purpose herein-before directed, so as not to exceed the proportion aforesaid, and which men so discharged shall and may, from time to time be replaced in the manner before directed; and the said colonel or other commandant shall continue from time to time to

discharge all such private men as shall b<? desirous of their discharge as aforesaid, until all the seamen desirous of entering into Menentering the navy shall have been discharged for that purpose, in the into the navy, manner before mentioned; and all private men so discharged and ^to th/ufoal enter^no, nt0 navy be entitled to the usual allowance of bounty. bounty paid to men of their description entering in the royalnavv. Sudrvolun-

IV. And be it further enacted, That all volunteers who shall'teers to be en- be raised and enrolled as private men in any such regiment, bat-titled to the talion, corps, or independent company, to supply the place of ances^ndT" those 1° discharged, shall be entitled to the same allowance of their number bounty, subsistence, money, arms, and cloathing, as the other to be from private men of the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent time to time company; and that the colonel or other commandant shall, from hU^Ma^ft° to t*mci as be shall find most convenient, or as shall be

&c. 3JC required, certify to his Majesty the number of volunteers who shall have been so raised and enrolled as private men as aforesaid, until the whole number of discharged men shall be replaced; and that all persons who shall engage to serve as private men as aforesaid in pursuance of this act, shall be enlisted to serve for the same period as other substitutes and volunteers enrolled for How vacan- service in the militia; and all vacancies thereafter arising in re-of them1ftiail any men shall be supplied by the respective parishes,

hereafter be townships, and places, for which the men so discharged were supplied. originally enrolled.

For every fca-jnan discharged, the commandant shall be entitled to ten guineas on transmitting a certificate from the officer receiving the men, to the receiver of the land-tax, who shall be repaid by the trea-fwrerof the navy.

V. And be it further enacted, That for every seaman discharged from any regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company of militia, in pursuance of this act, the colonel or other commandant of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, shall be entitled to receive in the manner herein after mentioned, the sum of ten guineas, to be applied in providing other private men to replace the number so discharged; and the officer of the navy, or person appointed to receive any man so discharged who shall enter into the service of the navy, shall respectively deliver to the colonel or other corrfmandant of the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company from wMch such men were discharged, a certificate under the hand of such officer of the navy, specifying the names of the men so discharged, and the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company of militia, from which every such man was discharged; which certificate shall be attested by the commanding officer or adjutant of the said regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company of militia; and such certificate being transmitted to the receiver of the land-tax of or for the county, riding, or place, if in England, or the receiver-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 62.15

general in Scotland, if in Scotland, to which the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company aforesaid doth belong, shall entitle such colonel or other commandant to the payment of the sum of ten guineas for every man specified in such certificate, to be applied for the purposes before mentioned; and every such receiver shall be and is hereby empowered and required, on demand made, and production and delivery of such certificate, to pay the said Turns out of any monies in his hands of the publick rates, taxes, or assessments, taking the receipt of such colonel or other commandant; and all Turns so paid on account of the men entered in the navy, shall be carried to the account of the treasurer of the navy; and upon production and delivery of such certificates and receipts at the navy office, shall be immediately duly paid by such treasurer of the navy to such receiver-general of the land-tax advancing the same, or to his order.

VI. Provided also, and be it furtherna6ted. That all militia Militia men in

men now serving in the royal navy shall continue to serve there- the navy to.in, and the vacancies and deficiencies occasioned or remaining in the re In

the militia of any county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, by an(j fae\r va.* reason of any man or men so serving as aforesaid, shall, on the cancies shall receipt of a certificate signed by the commanding officer of the he filled up, ship or vessel on board of which any such man shall be so serving, ^0nedhy (which certificate such commanding officer is hereby required discharge of to trajismit to the clerk of the general meetings of lieutenancy of Teamen.

the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, to the militia of which any such man or men shall belong), be filled up and supplied by such deputy lieutenants, or the colonel or other commandant of any regiment, battalion, or corps, or independent company of militia of any such county, riding, stewartry, city, or place; and such Aims of money paid for providing men to supply such vacancy and fill up such deficiencies, and such bounties paid to such men, and under and subject to such regulations, fines, and penalties as is herein-before directed in relation to the supplying any vacancy, or providing any men in the discharge of any sea-'men from the militia under this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person being en- If any person rolled in his Majesty's naval service by virtue of this act, shall

desert such service, or being actually entered in such service, shall

lift himself in any company, troop, or regiment in his Majesty's desert or lift military or marine forces, without first having a discharge in into any other writing from the said of of the admiralty, pr such Ma-officer or officers as shall be duly authorised by them for that ^au^rfce purpose, or shall strike or use any violence against any officer or any officer, officers under.whose command he shall be put, (such officer or or disobey ^officers being in the execution of his or their duty), or shall disobey /

any lawful command of such officer or officers, all and every d*atha person or persons so offending on (bore in Great Britain shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be infilied; and such person or persons being apprehended, or in custody for such offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's ships of war in commission at any of the ports of this kingdom, and may be there detained and

tried

&c.

suffer

216 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6s.

[1803.

tricdfor such offence* in such manner and by such court as if such offence had been committed on board or from on board such ship of war.

Persons fu-

VIII. And iris hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful spected of de- for the constable, headborough, or tything man of the parish, lertion may town, or place, and he is hereby required, where any person en^ ed^nd^/" " r°Nec* by virtue of this act, who may be reasonably suspected to found to be be such a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to, enrolled in the be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before navy, may be any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, wht* prison and an is hereby empowered and required to examine such person; and account sent if by his confession or the testimony of one or more witness or to theadmi- witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the ralty. peace, it shall appear or be found that such person is a person

duly enrolled in his Majesty's naval service by virtue of this act, such justice of the peaceshall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the Savoy in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the cities of London or Westminster, or places adjacent, and transmit an account thereof to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law; and Gaoler to re- the keeper of such gaol; house of correction, or prison, shall receive fubfitt- ceive the full subsistence of such deserter during the time he shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of any such deserter; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And, for the better encouragement of any person or persons to -prprehending secure and, apprehend such deserter, be it further enacted, That leferters. such justice of the pfcace shall also issue his warrant, in writing, to the collector or collectors of the land-tax money of the parifo, township, or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land-tax money ariserr or to arise in the year one thousand eight hundred and three, into the hands of such person or persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended any such deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

P nalt for X. ^nd* lt ^urt^lcr ena^e^> That if any person shall bar-harbouring or hour, conceal, prafiift any deserter from his Majesty's said naval assisting de- service, knowing him to be such, every such person so offending ferters, which (half forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or*r ' witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace, the said penalty shall be levied by warrant under the hands 4 r r'f of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and penalty* l°n° of goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said penalty to be paid to the informer by whrofe

means

ence, but no fee.

Reward for de

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63. 217

means such deserter shall be apprehended, and the other moiety to be paid to the officer to whom aqy such deserter did or doth belong, to be credited by him in his accounts; and in case any If penalty be such offenderwho shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring the

or affixing any such deserter or deserters, contrary to the intent ££impri* of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon foned: distress may be made to the value of the penalty recovered mgainst hint for such offence, or shall not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then and in such case such justice or justices shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months.

XI. And whereas there may be otcasion for the quartering of the men enrolled Bp virtue of this act in several parts of the kingdom;, be The men it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the men enrolled in his Majesty's naval service by virtue of this act, while on shore, (except in the city and county of the city of quartered London), in such manner, and at such times and places respect as the ma. tively, and under such and the like powers, rules, regulations, rine8* restridkms, and provisions as his Majesty's marine forces may be 'quartered and billetted by any ad in force for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to explain and amend an at7, passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Mfljejlfs reign, intituled An act for regulating the manner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up ships for their regular service; to continue until the twenty-fifth day

March one thousand eight hundred andfix.

[June 24, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign9intitu1ed9 An act for regulating the 39 f*eo* V manner in which the united company of merchants of Englandc* 89-trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up ships for their regular service, it is enacted, that from and after the passing of that, aft, the said united company, or their court of dir eft or s, should employ in their regular service no ships but such as should be contrafted for to serve the said company, as they should have occasion to employ them in trade or in warfare, or any other service^ for fix voyages to and from India, Chinar, or elsewhere within the limits of the said united company9 s exclusive trader and that from time to time, when* ever the said united company should have occasion to cause any ship or ships to be built for their service, the court of directors should give notue thereof by publick advertisement in manner therein mentioned, and that the said advertisement should fix a time, not less than Jour weeks from the publication thereof for receiving proposals in writings sealed up, for building andfreighting the same to the company, such proposals to specify the lowest rates of freight^ or if the company [hotild require it9 of freight and demurrage, in time of peace, required

Anno regniquadragesimo^ertio Georgii III. c. 63. [1805.

quire d for such ships, for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere within the limits of the company's exclusive trade, to he employed in trade and in warfare, or otherwise, as should be thought proper by the company, if toe said ships respectively shouldfo long he fit for the company*s service; and that all tenders and proposals which should be made in pursuance of such notices, should be put into a box locked and sealed, which should not be opened except publickfy in a court of directors, and that the contents of such proposals respectively should be entered in a book, and the proposals offering the lowefi peace freight, or peace freight and demurrage, as the case may be, should be accepted without favour or partiality; and in case more ships than should be wanted should be tendered to be built at the same low freight, then that the court of directors should determine which of the fmd proposal or proposals should be accepted; and by the said act it is provided, that in case any regular ship, which, fence the twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, had been engaged in the regular service of the said company, or which then was or thereafter should be engaged in the said service for fix voyages, had been or fi)ould be lofi or captured before the completion of her fifth voyage, if upon a full invcsstgation of the circumstances of such loss by the said court of directors, or same committee thereof, the commander and owners of such ship should be fully acquitted of all imputation of neglect or misconduct in respect of such loss, in the opinion of eighteen directors at leaf, at a court Jpedaily assembled for the purpose of taking the said commander's and owners' conduct into confederation, and provided that such vote or resolution of the court of directors should be reported to a general court of proprietors, and should after such report be confirmed, by way of bailot, by three parts in four of the proprietors assembled in general court specially convened for that purpose, whereof eight days previous notice of the time and purpeje of such meeting should be given in the London Gazette; and if such commander should be then living, or if he should have loft his life, or have been absolutely disabled from further service on the occasion which produced the loss of the ship, and the chief officer of the said ship should have exerted himself honourably for her defence and fifety, either in fight or in dislrefs at sea, and should be acquitted in manner therein before mentioned from all imputation of neglect or misconduct in respect of such loss, and such acquittal also be confirmed in manner therein before mentioned, then that it should be lawful for the court of directors to agree with the owners of such ship so lofi to build another ship for the service of the said company, to be employed by them at the same freight and demurrage, and upon the same terms for and on which such lofi ship was originally taken up, for the number of voyages which such lofi ship had not completed of the number of voyages originally contrafted for, so as the owners should agree that at the expiration of the remaining voyage or voyages such new ships should continue in the service of the said united company until fbe should hove performed fix voyages, which subsequent voyages should feveratly be performed at the lowefi rate of freight and demurrage, in peace or war, which should be payable in respect of the ship of a similar description as to the equipment contrafted for lafi, before

the

219

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 63.

the said ship should proceed upon each of the said subsequent voyages', provided that such ships so rebuilt should be commanded\ in the first.instance, by the Captain of the former ship, if he should be able to serve, and failing of him, by the said chief officer of the former ship, if he should be able to serve: and whereas cases may occur in which ships may be loft, and all on board may unfortunately perish, and the oc-castan of such loss, and all the circumstances relating thereto, may remain wholly unknown and unaccounted for; and doubts have arisen whether, in fvch cases, the court of directors may lawfully agree with the owners of such ship to build another ship for the service of the said united company, instead of the ship so lojl; and it is expedient that such doubts should removed; be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases of the loss of any regular ship as above In case of the described, which, since the twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, hath been engaged in the regular thecomple-service of the said united company, or which now is or here- tion of the" after shall be engaged in the said service for fix voyages, before fifth voyage, the completion of her fifth voyage, it was and is lawful to and where tJie for t^e said court of directors to agree with the owners of such attendingi^8 ship so loft to build another Chip for the service of the said com- cannot be pany, of the same class, instead of the ship so loft, in such man- known from ner, and subject to such terms, as in the said recited act are all hoard mentioned: provided always, that the impossibility of inquiring §i7eftors de-C satisfactorily into the loss of such ship, from al! on board having claredenabled perished, and the occasion and circumstances relating thereto to agree with being wholly unknown, shall be first decided on by eighteen the owners directors at the least at a court specially assembled for taking the PJ same into consideration; and provided also, that such vote or t^e rec^€(j resolution of the court of directors shall be reported to a general act, &c. court of proprietors, and approved by three parts in four of the proprietors, in manner and form as directed by the said recited act.

II. And whereas it has been found that ship*may be repaired, and made ft to perform more than fix voyages to and from the East Indies in the service of the said united company, and it will tend to the advantage of the fai'd company, and to lessen the consumption of ship timber, if the said company shall hire and take up ships fit to serve them for such additional voyage or voyages, beyond the number for which they have been or may be originally contracted to serve the said company, as shall not, together with those previously performed, exceed in the whole eight voyages; be It therefore enacted, That Directors em- it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors of P?were^to the said united company, on a publick advertisement with four J|p ^psfop weeks notice, to receive tenders for any ship or ships which an additional have been or may be engaged in the service of the said united number of conjpany, and to hire and take up such ship or ships for one or voyages in more voyage or voyages to and from the East Indies, in the fer- [)|a^"ntioned. vice of the said company, beyond and after the performance of the

azo Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 64. [1803.

the number of voyages for which any such ship or ships respectively have been or shall be contracted to serve in the said company; provided that such ship or ships shall be fit, or can be repaired and made fit, to serve the said company for such additional voyage or voyages, and the lowest tender to be always accepted: provided always, that the freight to be paid for any such ship or ships to be taken up for any additional voyage or voyages to be performed after the expiration of the number of voyages for which such ship or ships respectively shall have been contracted for to serve the said company, shall not exceed the rate of freight paid for such ships respectively, under their respective original contracts, unless the average* amount of the freight to be paid for the ships of a similar description taken up to serve the said company for fix voyages at lead, under the last advertisement, under which any ship or ships shall have been taken up to serve the said company for fix voyages at least immediately before the receipt of the tenders of ships for an additional voyage or additional voyages, shall exceed such rate, in which case the freight to be paid for ships to perform an x additional voyage or voyages may be extended to the said average amount of freight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided also, that in all cases of ships taken up under the authority of the said recited act or of this act, all the provisions and directions contained in the said recited act shall be adhered to, and performed in the same raan- ner as in the recited act is mentioned and directed, io far as they shall be applicable to the case.

Continuance

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this ©faCI. act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of

one thousand eight hundred and six, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this present session of parliament.

CAP. LXIV.

An act'act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majestfs ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels, during the present hojhiities.

[June 24, 1803.]

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majestfs ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels, during the present hojhiities, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-During the rity of the same, That, from and after the passing of this mfenthof. and during the continuance of the present hostilities, and/ no chMpT longer, except in respect-to such merchant ships and other may be navi- trading ships or vessels which shall be on their voyage before the gated by ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, who shall be and are where- hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navi-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67* 221

gated in the manner as herein after is provided, it shall and fowths are: may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading ship or ^n^an^onc \ vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, notfoort^British being natives of Great Britain or Ireland or of any of the colo- subjects, &c.

; nies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or naturalized subjects, so as tike number of such foreign sea* men do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one t time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at least of the mariners or Teamen so employed be at all times natives, or Jiis Majesty's naturalized subjects of Great Britain or Inland (sudden death and hazard and casualty of war and seas saved and accepted), one act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and inenajing of flapping and navigation, or any other statute or law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Act not to re-Aall extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal proclamation as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are cm- proclamation powered to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth HHied pur-year of his late Majesty* reign, intituled An act for the better fl°ant to supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's jhifs of war, ^3 Ge°-»and on board merchant Jhifs and other trading Jhifs and privateers.*3'

CAP. LXV.

An act for vesting in trustees certain lands and hereditaments, at Charlton, in the county of Kent, for further promoting the service of his Majesty's ordnance.

[June 24, 1803.]

CAP. LXVI.

An act for vesting in trustees, certain lands and hereditaments at Weedon-Beck, in the county of Northampton, for erecting buildings thereon, for the service of his Majesty's ordnance.

[June 14, 1803.]

CAP. LXVII.

An act for raising the sum tf twelve millions by way of annuities*

- [June 24, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, being deftrous to raise the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of twelve millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's '

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Every contri-every contributor towards raising the said sum of twelve millions butor of too/.

shall* tobceatitled

222 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67.

[1803, to a principal shall, for everyone hundred pounds contributed and paid, be of ^cent*16 cnritled to t^c principal fiun of eighty pounds, in consolidated consols, annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, So/. in the to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand eight 3 per cent, hundred and three; and also to a further principal sum of to^further^ eighty pounds in reduced annuities, -after the rate of three annuity of pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day 6s. $d. for 56 of Aprilj One thousand eight hundred and three; and shall also years and be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so contri-nine months, buted to a further annuity of six shillings and five-pence, to continue for a certain term of fifty-six years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in thefa id resolution^ several persons have, in books opened at the bank ^England for that purpose^ subscribed together the whole of the said sum of twelve millions, to be raised by annuities; and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of twelve millions to be raised by annu* ities, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of Eng-Contributors land; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to made deposits an<*>or contributors, who have made such deposits with the to pay the*castiier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of remainder of England, (which castlier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed subscriptions the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any n^nti*other warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of twelve millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on pr before the twenty-second day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum^ on or before the nineteenth day of August then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the sixteenth day of September then next following; the further sum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of October then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum* on or before the twenty-third day of December then next following.

Guardians

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be maj; subscribe lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the for infants. money of any infant, jo contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of twelve millions, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become, a contributor within the meaning of this act, and he entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. 323

ments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor pay-Discounttobe ing the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in allowed on refjpeft of the said sum of twelve millions, > to be contributed as f^J^ole aforesaid, at any time on or before the seventeenth day of No- Aibscription vember one thousand eight hundred and three, shall be entitled by Nqv. 17. to an allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum 1803. so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same, to the twenty-third day of December one thousand eight hundred and three, which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers Contributors or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and entitled to assigns, in respect of the said sum of twelve millions, shall be entitled, for everyone hundred pounds by him, her, or them - able half-respectively advanced and paid, to an annuity after the rate of yearly, but three pounds per centum in respect of the principal of eighty not hll their pounds, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand ^coru-IOn* eight hundred and three, until redemption by parliament in pieted. manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of eighty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, until redemption by'parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall likewise be entitled to a further annuity, after the rate of six shillings and five-pence for the term of fifty-six years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centumy on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; and the said annuity of six shillings and five-pence on the said tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four; and on the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred

224 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. [1803.

and three; and on the said annuity of six shillings and five-pence on the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three; but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or: contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, of assigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

Aq soon as

VI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contribu-subscriptions tors, their executors, administrators* successors, or assigns (tall are completed have completed their payments of such part of the whole sum they may be payasic by them respectively towards the said sum of twelve transierre.mjj]ions> as shall^payable in respect of the consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they respectively shall become entitled, in respect of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of twelve millions, as shall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of the annuities of six shillings and five-pence, or of any or either of them, the respective principal sums or annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England5 and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums so paid by them respectively; and that such of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, who shall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of twelve millions, as shall be payable in respect of any or either of the said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this act, shall be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England*, and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67.*25

in the books of the said bank of England; and such entries in the -said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such sums shall carry the respective consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annitm, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and the annuity of six shillings and five-pence for fifty-six. years and nine months, and then to ctafe; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned; and until the determination of the said annuity of six shillings and five-pence at the expiration of the said period of fifty-six years and nine months.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and Contributors

every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their exe-^okSof their cutors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have subscriptions paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of by the times his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the seventh fPeci" day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, shall he an-"*

entitled to have and receive on the tenth day of October onenujties Of cer-thousand eight hundred and three, at the bank of England, the tain periods, half year's annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, and

fix shilling* and five-pence, or either of them that shall become due on the said tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the Whole of their said payments, on or before the said seventh day of October one thousand eight hundred x

and three, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the half year's annuity, from the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, and the year's annuity from the fifth day of Jpril one thousand eight hundred and three respectively, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this a6h

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities afore-Annuities said shall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at" the hankP^.^ of England; and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein- at the Bank, after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much money shall* Moneyto be

from time to time/ be set apart and issued at the receipt of the [hcwnfoli-exchequer in England, out of the consolidated fund of Great dated fund of Britain, to the said caflhier or cashiers of the governor and com- Great Britain pany of the bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and for payment pay the respective annuities to be created in respect of the andchmes* sum of twelve millions, together with the charges attending the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities, in- and shall be terect, and dividends, which shall become payable in respect of the said sum of twelve millions, shall be charged and chargeable mc upon, and are hereby charged and made payable out of, the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

Vol. XLIV.^XI. And

by

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.f 67.

[1803, The treasury

XI. And be it Further fenacted, That the commiflidhefa bf issueoutof° Majesty's treasury lti Inland) or any three dr more of them the^onfoU- 6>r the time being, shall from time to time, without arty further dated fund Warrant to be filed for, had* or obtained in this behalf, eause to

and pay into Issued at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer out of due inC£n land11^ C0T1f°^ated hind of Ireland) and paid ifito the receipt of hifc money to sn- Majesty's exchequer in England) so much bionics as shall bte fwer annuities, sufficient from time to time to answer to the said exchequer in See. to a cer- England) the several and respective annuities fend other payments tain amount, hereby, directed to be paid thereout; and that such payments shall be made into the said exchequer in England half-yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to say), such of the said films as shall be paid for the consolidated annuities in respect of the sum of two millions, on or before the first dav of Jufy*ttd the first day of January in every year; and such of the said sunks as shall be paid for the reduced annuities, and for the said annuity of fix ©fillings and five-pence for fifty-six years and nine months, in rfefpeft of the said sum, on or before the first day of April and the fifth day of October in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities to be made on or before the frrft

The Bank to appoint a cashier and an accountant-general, and the treasury to order money to be issued to the cashier for payment of annuities.

day of Jahkafy onfe thousand eight hundred and four* and on the said reduced annuities and the annuities of six shillings and five-pence for fifty-six years and nine months, on or before the fifth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three*

XII. Andy for the more tafy and sure payment of all the several annuities vjiablished by this act) be it further enh&ed. That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successots, shall, from time to time, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cafhter or castfiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office, to be their accountant-general } and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated foV the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies, in respect of-tbd whole of the said sum of twelve millions, shall by order of the commissioners of the treasury of Great Britain, or any three o* more of them* or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, of obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the said first or chief ca&ier or castfiers of the said governor and company of the bahk of England) and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable 6y virtue of this act; hnd that such cashier or castiiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, dial I from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his 01 their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. 22J

cheque? to Great Britain; and that the said accountant-general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the '

vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence* of delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That tfiC' Cashier or cashiers Cashier to of the governor and company of the bank 6f England\ who shall fijrfubF?*9 have received, or shall receive any part of the said' contributions tJons^wS towards the said fam of twelve millions, shall give a receipt or may beassign-. receipts to writing to every such contributor for all fueft Aims; ed before and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable at any time before the sixteenth day Jbt November one thousand eight hundred 1 °3* and three, and no longer: provided always, that such cashier or Cashiertogive Cashiers shall give fecufity to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treafafy, or the high treasurer nfoney hereof Great Britain for the time being, for duly answering and pay- ceivesinto the tog into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Great BritainL exchequer, as after mentioned, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the \JVhole of the said sum of twelve mrrfibns, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trufl: hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same, in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which (urns so paid allowance shall be made in hii Or their accounts.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant- A book to be general of the governor and company of the bank of England kept in the for the rime being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, ^eral^of-to which the names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered; for enter-which book or books the said respective contributors, their re- ing contri-spective executors, administrators, faccellors, and assigns, shall butoiVnaniesi and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort ^hereofTo be to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said transmittedto accountant-general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one the auditor of thousand, eight hundred and four, transmit an attested duplicate, the exche-fairfy written on paper, of the said book or books into the offic^ucr>

of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such contributors, duly Contributors paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respective duly paying times, in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective jettons efc-executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have,

receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, annuities tax receive, and enjoy the said several annuities, by this act granted free, in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have godd and fare interests and estates therein, ac-

Qji cording

228

Subscriptions paid in, part, and not completedr-for-tcited.

Annuities to be deemed personal estate.

Treasury may

apply the money paid into the exchequer.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67, [1803.

cording to the several provisions in this act contained, and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, That in case any such contributors who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said cashier or cashiers any sum or sums of money at the time and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, orassigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respectivp sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid-in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, and of six shillings and five-pence per annum in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said sum of twelve millions, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise- any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the loan.

three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain, for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain, by the said cashier or castliers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in this present session of parliament, mnit tolre-

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the land part of lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised, out of the said sum of twelve millions, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from time to time, any sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, to be applied to such Services for Ireland^ as shall have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present session of parliament.

XX. And be it further enacted, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant-general for the time being, wherein all assignments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of twelve millions shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be figged by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by

Accountant-general to keep books for entering transfers.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. 229

their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, that all persons possessed of Stock may be any share or interest in either of the said stocks of annuities, or devised. any estate of interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp-duties Transfers not whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any ([amp-duties law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out Treasury may of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the defray inci" said sum of twelve millions by annuities, any three or more of pences*o\it of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great contributions, Britain for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such and allow incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this ferries to the act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable j ^COumant-and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought general, proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant-general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to The 3l. per Which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue cnderC^8°aft this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards tobe^dd^to the said sum of twelve millions, on which the said consolidated the joint stock annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy of 3l. per cent, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities confo*8* transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums

carrying an interest after the rat£ of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty- eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by

2jo Annos regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 67. [1803.

several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, fgbjed nevertheless to retfemp-tion by parliament, in such manner, and upon fuph notice a? in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed in respect of the several and respect tive annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all ?nd every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall he-come entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and Jbe deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

The/. per

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which ce"t- any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act,

the joint stockn of any sum advanced or contributed towards the fai<J

«f3j.percent, funtr of twelve millions, on which the said reduced annuities, reduced. after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at thebar)k of England\ which by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subjfed nevertheless to redemption by parliament, i0 such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centqm per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person or persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become pntitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and he deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the f?icf joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

Annuities of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities, dd5d t°bC l^e rate ^1X and five-pence per annum, to cop?

tai/annuities" t*nue for a certa*n term fifty-six years and nine monfhs, for 99 and 08 from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, years payable and then to cease, to which any person or persons, bodies politick byi&a Geo. j. ^n(j corporate^ shall be entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of twelve millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint stock with certain annuities, which, by two acts made io the first and second years of the reign or jiis present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the banjp of England, for the respective tejrns of ninety-nine years and ninety-eight years from the fifth days of January one tbopfam} seven hundred and sixty-one and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-twp respectively, and then to cease; ^nd which salt} respective annuities were consolidated and made one joint ftocjc of annuities by divers acts made in the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferable, at the same time and times, and in like manner with the annuities granted by the said ad$#

1803.] Anno regal quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6j. 931

XXV. And be it further enad$d, That if any person or per-r Persons coun-fofvs shall forge pr counterfeit, or cayfe or procure to be forged te^lti?g re* w counterfeited', or shall willingly act or assist in the fogging ox ^n^butfon*, counterfeiting any receipt to receipts for the whole of, or any &c. guilty of*part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of felony, twelve millions, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish* as tfup* apy such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor ar>d company of the bank of England or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or auffting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof cpnvided in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bank to con-said governor and company of the bank of England, and their tinue a cor-successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their porat'»on tdl own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, hereb^graiit-or any of them, shall continue a corporation f6r the purposes ed cease.

of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid y and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof,

shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or Noseetobe gratuity, whatsoever, shall be demanded pr taken of any of his taken for re- Majesty's fpbjeds, for receiving or paying the said subscription ce.^in£ con-or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt paying0", ?* or concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of transferring them, or Tor any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be annuities, on made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or penalty of % ol. person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward,

or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, ' in any of his Majesty's courts of record ^t Westminster, wherein no eflpign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons sued, persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing may plead the done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or per-^ener 1 UOk Tons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; apd if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his,

2$i Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer Treble costs, or otherwise, ' then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Act may be

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this act may be pealed thi/6" var*ecl» ^tered, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this session session. v^parliament.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act to repeal the duties of customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof — [June 24, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

«7 Geo. j, WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the c'I3' reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing

the several duties ot customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, the duties of customs were simplified and consolidated: and whereas many new and additional duties of customs have been from time to time granted fmee the passing of the said act, and which, for the better ascertaining the annual produce and appropriation thereof have been kept distinct, and carried to separate accounts, both in the receipt thereof and in his Majesty's exchequer; and the computation of the duties of customs has thereby again become complicated and intricate: ttnd whereas it is expedient for the affording facility and accommodation to mercantile transactions, that the several duties of customs now payable, (except as is herein after provided)should be again consolidated: and whereas it is necessary for carrying into execution the purposes aforesaid, that all such duties should cease and determine, and that, 1 other duties of customs should be granted in lieu thereof: and whereas it will greatly simplify the keeping the publick accounts of the revenue of customs, if the duties were received and accounted for in one sum, and carried only to one account in the exchequer, and that separate accounts for ten years, from the respective periods at which any of the said duties were granted, should no longer be kept; but that in lieu thereof, accounts should be laid before parliament for such respective periods as aforesaid of the produce of such duties, as far as the same can be ascertained: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, 001 anc*t^ie authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth

ftnt^uUes^f*of Jvb one thousand eight hundred and three, all and fingu-custom8 and ^ar subsidies, customs, impofnions, or duties whatever, (re-

spefting

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 65., 233

spe£Hng the revenue of customs), payable to his Majesty, his drawbacks heirs and successors, by virtue of any act or acts of parliamentccaic* in force on or immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, upon the importation or exportation respectively of any goods, wares, or merchandize, into or from Great Britain, or upon any goods, wares, or merdfcn-dize, being brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port, within Great Britain, or upon any ship or vessel, according to the tonnage thereof, (except as herein after is provided), entering or clearing outwards or inwards, at any port within Great Britain, and the several and respective drawbacks allowed upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, from Great Britain, and also all the additional imports or duties charged upon the produ£k and amount of the said several duties of customs, shall cease and determine, five and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, remain unpaid, or to any fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three: provided Thedufiesof always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend or be p^bfeto, construed to extend to repeal or anywise alter the duties of the city of package, scavage, baillage, or portage, or any other duties pay- London, able to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of thfc city of ^all* co°* London, or to the lord-mayor of the said city for the time being, inu*or to any other city or town corporate within Great Britain, or, to repeal or anyways alter the prisage of wine, the duty called Butlerage, or any other special privilege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

II. 4nd whereas it is necessary that other duties of customs should be granted to your Majesty in lieu of the duties repealed by this act\

W>, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to your Majesty the several duties of customs herein after mentioned 5 and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it therefore From July 5, enacted, That; from and after the said fifth day of July one thou-.8o«3> the sand eight hundred and three, in lieu and stead of the subsidies and annexed iSe-duties of customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall dulc and ta-be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and blesfhaH be successors, in ready money, (except as herein after is provided), levied, and the without any discount whatever, upon goods, wares, or merchan- therein ^insert-dize, imported and brought into Great Britain from parts beyond ed, allowed, in theseas, and upon goods, wares, or merchandize, exported from lieu of those Great Britain, and upon goods, wares, or merchandize, brought which are or carried coastwise, or from port to port, within Great Britain, then to cease. and upon ships or vessels according to the tonnage thereof entering outwards or inwards, at any port within Great Britain, the several duties of customs, as the same are respectively inserted.

£34 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6)8. [1803.

ferted, defgribed, and set forth in figures in the fcjicdulc and tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C.; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of custom*, as the same are also respectively ipfeyted, describecj, and set forth in figures, in the said schedule and tables'marked A, B., and C.; any law, custom, or usage to the cap- trary not^ithstanding.

III. And whereas duties are by this act granted on pearls, ami on emeralds, rubies, and all other precious Jlones and jewels, except Pearls, &c. to diamonds, be it therefore enacted, That the same (bad, after the iTnded^ fifth day of July, be regularly entered at the CHflom^hpuse, other goods. anc* landed in the presence of the proper officer, in like q&anocr its any other goods on which any duties are granted by this Act not to

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tha* nothing th^ovifiona^ contained shall extend, or be construed tp extend, torer-©fCtwo°aftf08 Peal of ^Iter any of the provi lions contained in two acts fiptr tfi* union for the union of Great Britain apd Ireland, the one made in the parliament of of Great Bri- Great Britain in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his prejept SnVor JT Majesty's re'gP>*nd the other made in the parliament of Ireland, in any other act y8ar of his present Majesty's reign, or any other act or

by which acts in force on or immediately before the said fifth day of July one goods im- thousand eight hundred and three, by which any gQods, wares, or mnakiliable melcfian^e ins ported from Ireland into Great Britain, or any exempt- goods, w^cs, and merchandize exported from Great Britain to ed fromduties Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to, or are charged of customs, with or exempted from any duties of custams, whether counter-

&c# vailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in respect of any goods, wares, or merchandize, nor the duties V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in mntod by^contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

39 Geo. 3. alter or repeal, or in any wise to affect any of the duties of {hips c. 69. of the or vessels according to the tonnage thereof, granted and imposed local and byn act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his pre-»d3oand 40 ^enl Majesty, intituled An act for rendering more commodious, and Geo. 3. c. 8Q.f*r hotter regulating tin port of Lopdop; or an act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reigp of his present Majesty, intituled An act for erecting a.laxqret on Chetney Hill in the County Kent; and for reducing into one aft the laws, relating to quarantine, and for making further provism therein.

Fish of British

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thatof taking and every kind or fort whatever of British taking and (faring, caught curing caught or taken in any part of the ocean by the crews of any ships or b?vesselseWS vefie's in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ifiends of Jorfej, built in Great Guernsey, or Man, or in any of the colonies, plantations, iflasids, Britain, Ire- or territories, which now belong, or at the time of building such land, Sec. and £hip^ or vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or stsiicred ac-^possession of his Majesty, his heir$ or successors* and

wding to wholly belpng to and owned by his Majesty'&subjpfts, and navi-law, may be gated and registered according to law, shall and may'oejmpofted imported into into Great Britain in ships built, owned, negated, and re-fr^eltaln^ g>ftered as aforesaid* without paypigfU of any duty of customs y whatever;

1803.] Anno rtgpi qujEuJjr^gefin^o terth Geor^i 1 III. c. 68. 235

whatever; any thing ia this a# or any other act or acts to the contrary thereof in unywise notwithstanding,

VII. Provided always, That before fori) fifo (hpH be admitted Before fqch to entry, fhp m^fter or other person having the command of the ^.all k* ship or vessel in which such fifo shall be imported, shall make^f p^th before the polleftpr or other chief officer of the customs at makp path of the port of importation (who is hereby authorised and required to certain p^rti-adfniflifter such pjaih), that f«ch fish was actually caught, taken,

and cured, wbp)jy jby his Majesty's subject6.

VIII. Provided also,»d bp it further enacted, That nothing pot to in this act foall e^fond* Qr be construecj to extend, to charge charge with With the duty of tonnage by this act tmposed, any ship or vessel employ^ ip ftie firtverie* on the coast of Great Britain and not fi^g veflils; entering outwards for foreign parts.

I#. Provided always That nothing in this act contained «°* to repeal shall extend, pr be copftrued to extend, to repeal or ^'fcontinue^ £ny drawback of the duties of customs allowed to admirals, cap- to officers in t*ins, and other commissioned officers, or perfoqs serving in any the navy, or of his Majesty's ships of war, by any act or acts of parliament in to pwent to-forpe of or immediately before the said fifth day of July one thou- the

ffind eight hundred % n4 three, pr to prevent tobacco for the use ^ew and copfuinption of foe crew of any ship of war in actual service removed from being remove/d for that purpofo from the warehouse in which it warehouses jnay have been deposited, without payment of any duty of cuf- pJ^vide^Vhe toms, in cases wherein tobacco might have been so removed by conditions virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force on or before the are observed. faijd fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three: provided always, thar all the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, contained in any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the said fifth day qi July one thousand eight hundred and three, relating respectively to any such drawbacks of the duties of custpms, or to any such tobacco respectively,

shall be duly observed and enforced in relation thereto.

X. And be it further enacted, That the duties imposed by Duties upon this act upon the importation of fogar, and inferred, described, t.hc impyru-and set forth, in the schedule and tables hereunto annexed, J contmw marked A., 6., and C., shall continue and be ip force until the unti] March twenty-fifth 4ay of Mp*b one thousand eight hundred and four, 25, 1804, and and no Longer, and shall be appropriated, applied, and Recounted shall be ?.p-for, according to the provisions of an act passed in the forty-fngto^i Geo. third y<ear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act 3. c. 4; 3 and a for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, separate ac-and Qetfonal sjiatei, in England, Wales, and the town Berwick- ^ntthereof upon-Tweed, fnyl certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, ftlaI1 be kept* for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three; and that a separate account of such duties shall be kept at the custom-house distinct and apart from all other duties of custpms, and the same shall be paid so to the exchequer, and there kept in p separate qqd account, pursuant to the provisions of the

fcfo recited act.

236 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.

[1803. Act not to

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act con-Cro^ rietors to ta*nec* extenc^ or be construed to extend, to compel the

payPthe duties proprietor or proprietors of goods, wares, or merchandize, to upon landing pay the duties upon the landing thereof, in respect of any goods, of goods, wares, and merchandize, or in any cases in which the duties due have beet?* anc* Paya^c upon such gopds, wares, or merchartdize, might, warehoused 00 an^ immediately before the said fifth day of July one thou-or secured by and eight hundred and three, have been, at the request of the bond, by law, importer or proprietor thereof, secured in warehouses, or by the immediately \ of the importer or proprietor thereof, under the provisions 1803. Uy* of any a<^ or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, during the continuance of any such act or acts respectively.

Where goods

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, by tion'are^ l^e fc^u*e anc* ta^es hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and chargeable C., the duties of customs by this act imposed upon the impor-according to tation of goods, wares, and merchandize into Great Britain, are the value, it charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure, fidered the - but accorc^ng to value thereof, such value shall be taken same as at the anc* considered as the same shall be at the port of importation, port of their without any abatement or dedudion whatever, except of so much importation, as the duties payable on the importation thereof by this act shall

ascertained^am0untt0? an<* ^at ^uc*1 va^ue^ascertained, except'as according ton t^'s acts provided, by the declaration of the importer or pro-7 Geo. 3. prietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize so imported, or c. 13. and if of his known agent or factor, in the manner and form, and value ma un(!cr t^c rules an(l regulations, and subject to the same for-be detained^- feitures and penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties together with the other duties composing the publick revenue, for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize^ the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer^ for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redufthn of the national debt; and in case such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the customs to cause the same to Ije detained, and the said goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such case by the said recited act. and where, on

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, by exportation the schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and the*valiuf t duties of customs by this act imposed upon the exporta-

shall be con- don of goods, wares, and merchandize from Great Britain^ are

charged.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 137 charged, not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure, fidered the but according to the value thereof, such value shall be taken cx

and considered as the same shall be at the port of exportation, porL°k^&c. without any deduction or abatement whatever, except of so much as the duties of customs and excise paid or payable by this or any other act in force on or immediately before thosaid fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, on any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall amount to; and that such value shall be ascertained (except as in this act is provided) by the declaration of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent or factor, in the manner and form, and under all the rules, regulations, and re-strictions, and subject to the same forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed, directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by the same recited act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty; and in case any goods, wares, or merchandize shall not be valued according to the true intent and meaning of this act, then it shall be lawful for the proper officer w or officers of the customs to cause the same to be detained, 'and the said goods, wares, or merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such case by the said recited act.

XIV. And be it further epaCled, That if at the time of mak- Jf on making ing the entry for the exportation of any goods, wares, or mer- entl7 of fiic chandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great ^pQ^ation Britain, on which the duties of customs hereby imposed are reaj charged in the schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked cannot be. A., B., and C., according to the value thereof, the exporter or ascertained, proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize so entered for [hec^mi8^ exportation, his known agent or faClor, shall not be able to may permit ascertain the true and real value thereof, it shall be lawful for them to be the collector or comptroller of the customs at the port of expor- exported, tation, to permit such exporter, proprietor, agent or factor, to {j^annot ship or export such goods, wares, or merchandize, upon making be ascertained < oath that such real value cannot be ascertained, and upon giving and bond bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient being given surety, in treble the amount of the supposed or estimated duty on the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, conditioned an(j produc-# for the payment of the duties hereby imposed, within three ing such do-months, and according to the true and real value thereof, to be cuments as ascertained in the manner herein-before directed, and for pro- ma7 ^e, re" ducing the invoice and bills of pareels, or such other documents Commissioners as shall be required by the Commissioners of his Majesty's of the cuf-customs, or any three or more of them in England and Scotland toms, respectivelyi in case the production thereof shall be thought ne-. cessary by the said of respectively, for the purpose of ascertaining the true and real value of such goods, wares, or merchandize so exported as aforesaid: provided always, that no such Bonds npt bond shall be chargeable or charged with any of the duties upon chargeable stamped vellum, parchment, or paper; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.

[1805+ Penalty for*XV. And be it farther enacted, Thaft if any exporter of pro-^Uratiorfof of an7 such goods, wares, or merchandize entered fot

vah*£ of° exportation, his known agent of factor, shall knowingly and such goods, fraudulently make any false declaration of the value of arty' fttefi goods, wares, or merchandize, after the same shall havd been allowed to be shipped for exportation, every such exporter, proprietor, 6t fedtor, shall for every such offence forfeit £ Aim equal to the (rite and real value of all such goods, Ware$y dt merchandise. '

If goods are

XVI. And be it farther ^nacted, That in case any goods,

not^ing01^ tvares» or merchandize, upon which dories of customs are hereby truly valued, imposed, ' shall be detained by any officer of the customs Oil the commis- Account of the same not being Valued according to the true drid sioners of the re^| value thereof, and According to the true intent and meaning proofthat'n°o^anc* ma7 lawful for the said comthiffio'rtefs

fraud was in- of his Majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any tended, may four or more Of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's direct the customs 'in Scotland for the time being, or any three Or more of amended, C them, Upon proof being made to their satisfaction that no fraud upon such Was intended, to dire# the entry to be amended, upon such

ter ms as to terms and conditions as under the circumstances of the caffe £haH

them shall appear reasonable.

The duties by this a# impeded shall be paid on goods taken out of wate-houses for home consumption, for which the duties on importation have not been paid or featured by l)ond, though they may have been imported before July 5, 1S03.

Where the duties on g< ds imported by the

appear (0 the said commisstoriers of the customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reaforiablfr, and as they shall shinft fit to dire#: provided always, th^tf if the importer, exporter, or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall accept the terms or conditions prescribed by the said of of the customs respectively, such importer, exporter, or proprietor, shall not have or be entitled to any recompetrce or damage Oii account of the detention of such goods, wares, or merchandiser, or have or maintain any a#ton whatever for the same; any law, Custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, That in case the importer or proprietor of any goods, wares, and merchandize, which shall harve been securedin warehouses by virtue of any a# or a#s of parliament, in force Oil or immediately before the said fifth day of July "one tfrOufarid eight hundred and three, and on which the duties doe on the importation thereof (half riot have befen paid: or fectrred by bond, shall be desirous of taking any such goods out of fiicfi warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain; then, and in such case, the' duties imposed by this act (half be payable thereon, notwithstanding such goods may have been imported into Great Britain before the said fifth of Jut) One thousand eight hundred and three: provided also, that notMftg herein contained shall extend, or be Construed to dxtend^ to permit any goods to be delivered from such warehouse for the ptir-pose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, unless /faeft goods could have been lawfully so delivered before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case where W the table hereunto arinetted, marked (C.), the duties of Ctilrofas hereby imposed upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported

'" b7

1803.] Anno o regni ^U&dragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68* 139

by the united cothpariy of merchants of England trading to the E«ft-India East India are charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge, arc

or measure, bur according to the value thereof, stich value shall c0?dfngtothe be ascertained by the gross price at which such goods, wares, or value, it shall merchandize, shall be sold at the publick Tales of the said com-be ascertained pany, and the said duties shall be paid thereon accordingly, as the same are inserted, described, and set forth in figures, in the puyjck Tales, said table marked (C.)

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the The duties on duties by this act imposed on goods* wares, and merchandize, g°t>ds im-imported by the united Company of merchants of England trad- jjaftfindw* iftg to the East Indies, shall be due' and payable on any such company shall goodfc which shall, at any time after the said fifth day of July be p.iyable on one thousatid eight htrndrecLand three, remain in the warehouses any remaining of the said company, and which shall not have been fold notwithstanding such goods may have been imported into Great Bri- jujy 5> jg0^ tain before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three;

XX. And whereas certain bounties are allowed on the exportation of refined fugut produced from raw sugar imported from the British plantations in America: and whereas it is expedient that the like bounties shall be allowed on the exportation of refined sugar produced from sugar imported by the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East Indies 5 be it therefore enacted, That, from From July 5, and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be paid and allowed on the exportation of beaScmedon refined sugar produced from sugar imported by the united com-the exporta-pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the likje tion of sugar bounty afc is now or hereafter may be allowed by law on the Jcfine4 fro, u exportation of the like fort or description of refined sugar pro- p^ted^y tht duced from raw sugar imported from the British plantations in EalUlttdia America, subject in every respect to the conditions, rules, regula- company as tions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, now by law prac- £rortl rfw tiled and applied with respect to the bounty allowed on the exportation of refined sugar. the British

XXI. And whereas by this act duties of customs are payable on plantations certain articles, according to the true and real value thereof to be m America. efeertained by the gross price at which such goods shall have been publicity sold at the fates of the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East Indies: and whereas much inconvenience and deldy hath arisen in the payment of the duties and delivery of articles brought from the East Indies, either as presents or for private uses particularly specitnens of natural hijlory, models, drawings, and other articles tending to tllujlrate or improve the arts or sciences, arising from the necessity of such articles being exposed to publick sale by the East India company, in order to ascertain the value according to which the duties payable by law are to be levied and collected, and such articles- are also thereby frequently exposed to great injury and damage: and whereas it is expedient, in order to remedy such inconvenience and delay, that the duties of customs payable on such goods should be ascerta'tntd, without the same being in future exposed to pub-

*4° Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.' [1803. Persons bring- /, '<£ rale. be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth

inggOOds i y /-V r i r.j I a r.^at

from the limits of the East India company's charters as presenses, or for private life, may enter them

as. prescribed with respect to goods not imported by the company

entered and the value ascertained, though imported on or

day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who shall import or bring into Great Britain, from any port or place within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of me^hants of England trading to the East Indies, any of the articles before mentioned, or any articles whatever (not being prohibited to be used or contained in Great Britain), on which the duties of customs are now chargeable according to the value thereof, c-t of the* e^cr as presents or for private use, and not by way of merchan-customs, and dize>to enter the ^ame with the proper officers of his Majesty's the value shall customs, such goods having been first lodged and housed in be ascertained warehouses agreeable to the said recited act, and that the value as. nrefenbed such gOOC|s^ according to which the duties of customs are due

and payable, shall be ascertained according to the declaration of the value thereof, to be made by the owner or proprietor, or his known agent, in the like manner and form, and under all the rules, regulations, and restrictions, and tabjeft and liable to such and the like forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed, Suchgoodson directed, and imposed with respect to goods not imported by the have-not been ^aft^n^a company, and on which the duties of customs are paid may be PayaWe according to the value thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any such goods on which the duties of customs have not been paid, may be entered, and the value ascertained according to the directions of this act, notwithstanding such goods may have beeq imported or brought tefore July 5, intq Great Britain on or before the said fifth day of July one

1802. - thousand eight hundred and three.

Ko goods

XXIII. Provided always, That no goods whatever shall be edhiidefr^n^ adm'ttedto entry under the authority of this act, unless proof proof Uiat°n made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the

they are im- customs in England, or any three or more of them, that such'ported for goods are imported or brought into Great Britain for private private use. ancj not by w^y Of merchandize.*

From July 5,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

duty oVcuf- day of sub one thousand eight hundred and three, the

tomson coals, whole of the duties of customs on all coals which shall be used used in calcin- in calcining or smelting copper and lead ores within the i(le of ing ores, or Angle fey, or which shall be used in fire-engines for draining mtawinThe water out of the m, nes of copper and lead within the said isle, isle of Angie- be repaid; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not-fey, shall be withstanding: provided always, that the drawback by this act repaid upon allowed shall be paid upon the proofs required by an act passed quired by16 in twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Geo. 3. c.io*. intituled An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in smelting copper and lead ores, and in fire-engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines within the isle of Anglesey.

Act not to

XXV. Provided allb, and be it further enacted, That nothing extend to in this a# shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the tonnage duty tonnage duty hereby imposed on any British-bMt ship or vessel, onany BritiHi* or any ship or vessel owned by British subjects, which is not

required

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 241

required to be regiflfered by any act or acts of parliament; in built vessel, force on pr immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand tc^be eight hundred and three, or on any ship or vessel whatever which Sniftered, &c. shall enter outwards orinwards in balhft only.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of this act Continuance as relates to the duties imposed upon the importation of goods,

wares, or merchandize, from the United States of America, and |atsat0 dutiei on shipping according to the tonnage thereof, and inserted, de- upon the im-scribed, and set forth in figures, in the schedule and table here- portation of unto annexed, marked (B.), shall continue in force during the continuapce of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of grates of Ame-his present Majesty, intituled An act for carrying into execution riCa, and on the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his shipping. Majesty and the United States of America, and no longer*

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further cnaflted, That if If goods im-

any goods or merchandize imported into Great Britain from the Port*d

United States of America, in American ships or vessels, shall be states b A me-

permitted by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force at rican vessels

the time of such importation, to be secured in warehouses with- shall be ware-

out the payment of the duties due on the importation thereof; housed with-

then and in such case the additional duties of customs by this act of duty, ^he

imposed on goods or merchandize so imported, shall not be pay- additional

able, unless and until such goods shall be taken out of fu9h duties under

warehouse for the purpose ot being used or consumed in Great this act shall r r*not be pay-

JSntaw.«aMe tni they

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties of«taken out,

tonnage hereby imposed on ships and vessels entering outwards for home Conor inwards, to or from foreign parts, shall be paid to the proper fumption. officer appointed to receive the lame, each and every voyage any Tonnage du-such ship or vessel shall so enter outwards or inwards at any port emering in-within Great Britain 5 and that the tonnage of every such ship wards or out-or vessel being British-buWtj or Britiftbowned, shall be computed wards from and taken according to the register thereof, under the provisions P*.rj8

of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's voyage reign, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement

of pipping and navigation; and that the tonnage of every other computed (nip or vessel, in case of any doubt or dispute relative thereto, according to shall be ascertained by admeasurement, in the mode and mannerthcu'register# prescribed and directed by the said adh

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient that tobacco, being the growth or production of any of the territories or dominions belonging to the emperor j/'Russia, or of any of the territories or dominions belonging to the Ottoman or Turkiftt empire, should be permitted to be imported into Great Britain directly from the said territories or dominions respectively in Br\t\{h-built ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and should be admitted to entry upon payment of the same duties', and upon the exportation thereof from Great Britain, after having been manufactured according to law, should be entitled to the like drawbacks as are now allowed upon the jxportation of tobacco manufactured from tobacco of the growth or production of the United

States of America; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be law- Tobacco of

VOL. XLIV. R ful the terrifies

ships, and warehoused, and may be pxported or entered for home consumption on

442 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

of Raffia or ful to import directly from the aforesaid territories or dominion* Turkey may of the emperor of Russia* and the Ottoman or Turkish empire fro^encein respectively, in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and re-Britidi-built giftered according to law, into any port of Great Britain, being an enumerated port for the importation of tobacco, and to enter and land, and to deposit, lod^e, or secure, in any warehouse or warehouses, provided according to law for the reception of tobacco in England and Scotland respectively, any tobacco being the growth or production of any pr either of the aforesaid territories or dominions; and such tobacco may be exported in like the like duties manner> 0K entered for home trade or consumption, on payment as tobacco of the like duties of customs as tobacco, the growth or proof the United duction of the United States of America, maybe exported or States of Ame. entered for home trade or consumption, according to the laws it^being ma-n torce on an^mediately before the fifth day of Jply one nufacturedin thousand eight hundred and three; and the exporter of such Great Britain, tobacco, being the growth or production of any or either of the sported, aforesaid territories or dominions, shall upon the said tobacco ttedto th"tU manufactured in Great Britain, and exported according to

like draw- the Jaws in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of

backs. July one thousand eight hundred and three, be entitled to and

allowed such and the like drawbacks as are severally and resp^c-tively allowed upon the same forts and descriptions of tobacco manufactured from tobacco of the growth or production of the United States of America, and legally exported from Great Britain.

Tobacco im-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all tobacco which P0rte4'"$?>0rshall be imported into or exported from Great Britain by virtue Great Britahu anc* j.n pursuance of this act, shall be and the same is hereby to be subject*made subject and liable to all and every Ae conditions, regula-to the conditions* rules, penalties, and forfeitures to which any tobacco is or

tions of adfes in force on or

may be subject and liable by any act or &£ts of parliament in immediately ^orce Qn^immediately before the said fifth day of July one before July*5, thousand eight hundred and three, and all and every {win, 1803. penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed

against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on, and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thouGUid

eight hundred and three, made for securing the ypyepue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend tQ, and shall he respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respedi of tobacco imported into or exported from Great Jjritfin by virtue and in pursuance of this act, so far as the faiRS are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all, intents and purposes whatever, ?s if all and every the said clausea, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.*

French lawns

XXXI. And be ii; further enacted, That all cambricks -ande*rtd 'and IawnSj^commonly called French Ljawn^ which have been or

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 443

shall be fegahy imported, and which shall hive duly paid the "kkh have duties of customs imposed by this suft, shall and may be worn or bewora used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to sale therein, and shall or \n not be subje<9: to seizure or forfeiture on account of such impor- Great Britain, tation, nor shall the person or persons who shall import, wear, orufe the same, or who shall sell or expose to sale the same, or have the same in his or their custody or possession, be liable to^any penalty or penalties, fine or fines, forfeiture or forfeitures whatsoever, for wearing, using, felling, or exposing to sale the same; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after From July 5, the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three* it 1803, (UjcUce shall he lawful to import into Great Britain any silk lace, any and"

afior acts to the contrary notwithstanding, under and subject worn or foldin neverthelefe to the duties imposed by this act; and all such silk Great Britain, lace on which the duties by this aat imposed shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or fold or exposed to sale therein, and shall not be subject to seizure or forfeitures nor shall the person or persons who shall import, wear, or.use the same, or who shall sell or expose the same to fele, or have the same in his, her, or their custody or possession, be liable to any penalty or penalties, or fine or fines whatsoever, on account thereof, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIIj. And be it further enacted, That all such foreign silk Foreign silk lace shall, after the same hath been entered at the custom-house, lace shall be apd before it shall be discharged by the officers, and delivered into the custody of the importer or his agent, be marked or sealed CVCry piece; at each end of every piece with such mark or seal, and by such officer or officers, as the respective of of the customs

England or Scotland shall direct and appoint for that purpose. v

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after and any found the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, all aft«rJuJf 5> foreign silk lace which shall be found in any (hop, warehouse, or marked*1 shall other place whatever, upon land, within this kingdom, not being be forfeited, marked or sealed as herein is directed upon both ends of every and the owner whole and entire piece, or upon one end of every remnant of Pro^cutc<1-such lace, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feiiedbv any officer or officers of the customs, and shall and may be disposed of, and the person or persons to whom the same shall belong, or who shall be possessed thereof, prosecuted, in the same manner, stad by the same rules and regulations, as are, at the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, in force in relation to foreign silk lace clandestinely imported and run into this kingdom.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty for persons shall at any time forge or counterfeit any mark or seal counterfeiting to resemble any mark or seal which shall be provided or used in of*

pursuance of this Or shall forge or counterfeit the impression them, or ex-of any such mark or seal upon any goods required by this act posing to sale,

R2 to or having^so

*44 / Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

poffciHon any to be marked or sealed, or shall sell or expose to sale, or have in lace with a ^is, ^cr' w the*r cust0^7or posession, any such foreign fillclaee counterfeit with a counterfeit mark or seal thereon* knowing the same to ouuk. be counterfeited* all and every such offender and offeoders* and

his* her* and their aiders, abettors, and assistants* shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other moiety so such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute the same; and such offender and offenders shall also be adjudged to stand in the pillory in some publick place for the space of two hours.

Ffi°in the ra*

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after tU % finitive rat*ficat, on of the definitive treaty of peace between his treaty with Majesty and the republick of Frame, it shall and may be lawful France, the for the united company of merchants of England trading to the East India y?aji Indies, to expose to sale, either for the purpose of being worn orn Great Britain, or for exportation, any silk handker-consumption chiefs of the manufacture of Perftay Chinay or the EaJltJndies, or exportation that shall have been, or may thereafter be, secured in the ware-houses of the said united company, subject nevertheless to the chiefs3, nfubjc£f ^ut*es a<^ imposed thereon; and all such silk handker-

to the duties chief?, on which such duties shall have been duly paid, shall and imposed by may be worn or used in Great Britain, or /old or exposed to this act. fa|e therein, and shall not be subject to seizure or forfeiture; nor shall the person or persons who shall wear or use the same, or who shall sell or expose to sale the same, or have the same in his, her, or their custody or possession, be liable to any penalty or penalties, or fine or nnes whatever, on account thereof, any law, custom* or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

For*ftdCert1'n

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, for the ascertain*1*Pace. ^ree years ^rom anc* a^ter the feW ratification, the said quantity of united company shall not, in any one year, fell, or expose to Such handker* sale, a greater quantity of such silk handkerchiefs'than fifty chiefs shall be thousand pieces, and that such fifty thousand pieces shall be of exposed to t|jC ufuaj and of the forts that shall have been usually

exposed to sale.

French lawns XXXV

III. And be it further enacted, That the importers or impoited be- proprietors of any cambricks or lawns, commonly called French XS03, for ex- Eawnsy which shall, before the said fifth day of July one thou-portation, and sand eight hundred and three, have been imported into Great warehoused, Britain for exportation, and lodged according to law in any may be taken warehouse or warehouses, shall be at liberty to take and receive or to be worn t*ie ^ament0 l^eir cust0(ty anc* possession, out of such warehouse in Great Bri- or warehouses, either for sale or to be worn or used in Great tain, on mak* Britain, such importers or proprietors first making a regular ing entry and $ntry of all such cambricks or lawns with the proper officer of and Tfized* the customs, and paying the duty for the same by this act im-cambricks or posed; and all cambricks or lawns, and all silk or thread lace* lawns, and which, on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one fdk or thread thousand eight hundred and three, shall or may be under seizure foid for^ex* ky any officer or officers of the customs* or which shall or may portation, or hereafter be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 245

and may, after condemnation thereof, be exposed to sale, either for home for exportation, or to be sold, or worn or used in Great Britain., c°nfumpti©n. without being subject to forfeiture or seizure^ and no person or persons shall be subject or liable to any penalty for having the v

same in his, her, or their custody or possession; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XjiXIX. And whereat it is expedient that oil dr blubber of fish or Creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and /bores of the if and Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majests subjects carrying on the said fishery from the said if and, and rejtding the rein, should be admitted to entry, on payment of the like duty, as if caught and taken wholly by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the fatdfishery from his Majesty's European dominions, and usually rejtding in the said dominions; be it therefore enacted, That, from Fora certain and after the fiftji day of July one thousand eight hundred and Prj°£| oi£°r three, and until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand caught at eight hundred and four, all such oil or blubber shall be admitted Newfound-to entry on payment of the duty by this act imposed on train land by hi* oil or blubber of Newfoundland of British fishing, notwithstand-frig such oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea ^all therer^ay have been caught and taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying entered, on on the said fishery from and rending in the said island: provided payment of the always, that before any such oil or blubber shall be admitted to arScle"of°fC entry as aforesaid, the master or other person having or taking Newfound-the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which any such land of British oil or blubber shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to fishing, on the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port in certain con-Great Britain into which such oil or blubber shall be imported, mon8# a certificate under the hand and seal of the naval officer in New-foundland-y or if there shall not be any naval officer, then under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his Majesty's {hips Rationed there, testifying that oath hath been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required in such case to administer the same) by the person or persons who actually caught the fish or creatures living in the sea, from which the oil or blubber mentioned in such certificate was produced, that such oil or blubber was really and bond side the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea actually caught and taken on the tanks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland and parts adja-.cent, wholly by his Majesty's subjects carrying on such fishery from the said island, and residing the rein; and provided such inafter or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel so importing such oil or blubber, shall also make oath before such collector or other chief officer (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) that the oil or blubber so imported are the same oil or blubber mentioned and referred to in the said certificate.

XL. And whereas by this act certain duties are imposed on the importation of train oil and of blubber, and as jt may tend to the convenience of merchants importing blubber from the Greenland Seas of Davis's Streights, if they were permitted to boil fitch blubber,

Kahd that the duties payable thereon might be ascertained and paid

Wording

the customs, and the oil entered.

246. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

according to the quantity of oil produced from such blubber; be it there-°thore ena&kd, That, from and after the said fifth day of July one Greenland*thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful, upon the Seas or Da vis's return of any ship or vessel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, may Str eights* with any blubber, being the produce of whales or be boiled mto other creatures living in the Teas, caught and taken in the said iufpeftion of/C^lery> for importers or proprietors thereof to cause the the officer of same to be boiled, under the care and inspection of the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, into oil, and afterwards such oil lb produced shall be admitted to entry, and the duties paid thereon accordingly; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that in case any blubber shall have been imported in any ship or vessel employed in the said fiftlery before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, and shall have been boiled into oil, such oil shall be admitted to entry, and the duty charged thereofa according to the regulations and directions of this act.

XLI. And whereas it is expedient to permit certain East India goods called couries and arrangoes, which shall have been imported into the port of London, and warehoused in pursuance of an aSi passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty* or any other a Si or aSls of parliament, to be removed by land carriage to any other port of Great Britain, for the purpose of being exported to Africa; be it therefore enacted, That whenever the importer arrangoes, or proprietor of any such goods called couries and arrangoes* wsmehouM, which shall have been so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be defi-9 rous of exporting the same to Africa, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, to grant permission for the

Courie* and

may be removed by land carriage for exportation toAfri'ca. rest[10va* of the said goods from such warehouse or warehouses by 'land carriage, to any such other port, for the purpose of being exported from thence to Africa, uri&er such rules, regulations, apd restrictions, as are now by law required in relation to certain East India prohibited goods when removed from one part of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported.

Duties to be

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the duties granted paid in pro- and imposed by this act, and made payable according to the aftuaTwe?ht tale, gauge, measure, or value of any goods, wsires, or

&c. pftheg9merchandizes charged with such duties, shall be charged and pay-articles. able upon any greater or less weight, number, quantity, or value thereof, than the weight, number, quantity, or value, particularly inserted, described and set forth in the schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and in proportion to the actual weight, number, quantity, or value of such goods, wares, or merchandize.

XLIII. And whereas a certain allowance commonly called Draft has heretofore been made in the weighing of goods for the purpose of ascertaining the duties thereon when the same are payable according to weight: and whereas it is expedient that futh allowance for draft The allow- should be discontinued, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after ing of^oods, t^le day 7ub one thousand eight hundred and three, such*allowance

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 247

allowance called Draft* in the weighing of goods for the purpose called draft, of ascertaining the duties payable thereon, shall be wholly dif-ba, l bedif-continued any ufageor custom to the contrary notwithstanding. con mue

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties Duties to be of customs by this act imposed as shall arise in that part of Great under the Britain called England> shall be under the management of the ^hTreTpec-cooicnilhoners of the customs in England for the time being; and tive commis-such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called lioners of Scotland, shall be under the management of the of customs. of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the several sums °f?utitsa?d money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in under this act the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., to be levied, /nd C., as the duties of customs, and the drawbacks of the &c. as former duties of customs, upon, for, or in respect of the several goods, duties, unlef* wares, or merchandise, specified therein, or as the duties of hereby alter-custorrts on ships or vessels, according to the tonnage thereof, may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, rai fed, levied, cplledled, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, in such and the like manner, and by the same means, ways, or methods, as former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties*ofeustoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and also by any such special means, Vays, or methods respectively as former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs upon goods, wares, or merchandize of the same forts or kinds, or duties on ships or vessels according to the tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the goods, wares, or merchandize whereon duties of customs are by this act charged, and drawbacks of duties of customs allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., gj)on the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever; and all mips and vessels whereon any duties are charged or payable, according to the tonnage thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, seizures, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, seizures, sales, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize, or ships or vessels whereon any duties are chargeable or payable according to the tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, respecting the revenue of customs, or such tonnage duties as aforesaid, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act; and all pains, penalties, dines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the same may de, as well pains of death as others* for any offence whatever Committed tgainst or in breach of any act or acts of parliament ki force on

248 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.

[180

and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing the revenue of customs or such tonnage duties as aforesaid, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, provisions, and directions contained in any such act or acts shall (unless where expressly altered by this act,) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put into execution for and in respect of the several duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-eoaded in the body of this act, and made part thereof.

The provi-

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That everj ad of parlia* {ions of acts ment in force on and immediately before tire fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, by which any rules, re-torascertain- gelations, conditions, or restrictions, were made, established, or ins the value directed, for the ascertaining the value of any goods, wares, or ofgoods, tec, merchandize, or for the remitting or allowing of any dedudioa u^lef^heKhv ^utlcs on account of damage, or for the better securing

altered.^the avenue of customs, or for the regular importation into or exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coastwise, or from port to port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing, or shipping, of any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act; and all provisions, clauses, matters, and things^ relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effed, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this, present act.

The commif-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful sioners of cuf- for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England for the dofc thecae- being, or any four or more of them, and the of

counts of col- of his Majesty's customs in Scotland for the time being, or any leftors or three or more of them, finally to settle and close the accounts of

receivers, any collectors or receivers of any part of the revenue of customs

an^ emmeous or ot^cr duties under their management, notwithstanding any application erroneous application of any duties of customs received by them; of the duties, and the said of are hereby respectively empowered to which correc- correct such application, in order to prevent the accounts of any allow^b the co^e^or8 or receivers from being kept open, unsettled, and of unliquidated; and all such corrections shall, and are hereby for auditing directed to be allowed by the commissioners for better examining the publick and auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom. In the passing accounts. the general account of customs, subsidies, or impositions.

From July 5,

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar,803, wine from and ffter the said fiftlvday of July one thousand eight hun-duti^mnfd an<* T)ree>and may be lawful for any person.or per-by this act C° to remove, tither by land or water, from any port or place 1 in

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 249

in Great Britain, into the poriSfldndcH, or the members thereof, shall have been or to any place whatever, within the distante of twenty miles Paid> ma7* from the Royal Exchange of London, any wine oh which the duties

of customs granted by this act shall have been duly paid, not- London, or withstanding such wine shall not be accompanied with the cer- within 10 trficate from thecolledoror other proper officer of his Majesty's customs, required by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of^J^ the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing accompanied the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in with the cer-lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties efSmpofing the publick revenue \ for permitting the importation of Ctrtam goody, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this king- d<nn\ and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debts any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that all the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, required by law on the removal of any wine within Great Britain, shall, in all other respects, be duly complied with.

XLIX. And whereas by the consolidation of the different branches of the publick revenue, and of the several duties payable on the importation and exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize, and the appropriation thereof as directed by the said recited act of the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, and subsequent acts, the hereditary and temporary revenues of the crown, of subsidies, of tonnage and poundage, and of other duties upon goods, wares, and merchandize, are not now kept distinct and separate at the several offices, but have become blended with other duties of customs and tonnage, both in the collection and appropriation thereof: and whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for ascertaining the annual 1amount of what such hereditary revenues should have produced, in case the same had not been so consolidated, and that an account should here-xifter be kept of such annual amount; be it therefore enacted, That, From Ju^7 5> from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hun* J^ury ftaU dred and three, the lord high treasurer, or lords-commissioners CaUfean ac-of his Majesty's treasury for ^he time being, or any three or count to be more of them, shall cause to be prepared and kept an account k*Ptof of what such hereditary revenue would have amounted to in case Avenues the same had not been and was not hereby consolidated and col- the crown leded with other duties of customs and tonnage in the collection would have and appropriation thereof, in such manner and form as shall produced if appear to the lord high treasurer or the lords-commissioners of^thother his Majesty's treasury for the time being, bed adapted to ascer- duties, and tain such amount, which account the said lord high treasurer or laid before lords-commissioners for the time being, are hereby required to parliament make out or cause to be made out and laid before parliament, p^iickac-together with the publick accounts directed to be laid before counts direct-parliament, pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the ed by 4.2 Geo. forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 3- c*7.

An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laid annually before

parliaments

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [i8aj*

parliament \and for discontinuing certain ether forms of account now

inufe.

Hereditary L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in revenue of this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ?*ls Majesty affc& or alter the hereditary revenue of his Majesty, his heirs nottobeal- anc* ^ucce>rs>n Scotland, or other revenues there granted to tend. his late majesty King George the Second, during his life, and

reserved to his present Majesty during his life, by an act made tn the first year of his Majesty's reign; but the same and the civil establishment payable out of the same shall continue to be paid in like manner as heretofore; any thing in this act conT tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties of

II. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising from customs from any duties of customs, or any arrears thereof, that shall be raised, though the* levied, collected, paid, or received, from and after the said fifth amount may day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, for or on have been account of any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, im-before that^C Portec* or brought into Great Britain, or exported from Great dayTtollbe Britain, or brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port applied in one within Great Britain, although the amount of the said duties may sum, and in*have been computed and ascertained as such duties have been a^thTdutfes u^ua % competed and ascertained, before the said fifth day of granted by this Juh one thousand eight hundred and three, and although the act, except goods, wares, or merchandize whereon any such duties of cuf-otherwisepro- toms may have been charged or maybe charged, may have been vided, &c. imported or exported, or brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port within Great Britain^ before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three; and although any duties of customs due and payable, or charged or chargeable thereon, may have been secured by bond or otherwise, on or before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, be appropriated and applied in one sum or total amount, in like manner and to the Came purr poses as the duties of customs by this act granted, and herein after directed to be appropriated and* applied, except as is in this act provided, any act or acts of parliament, law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all monies arising by arty of the revenues of customs hereafter to be paid or allowed, either upon bond or otherwise, either by way of drawback, bounty, certificate, premium, or allowance, or by any other legal document whatever, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, although the amount of the same shall have been computed and ascertained in the like manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained, or shall have become due before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, shall and may be paid or allowed by the proper officer or officers of the customs, in one sum or total amount, out of any monies in their hands arising from the duties of customs respectively.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. $*8. 25*

III. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising Duties to be by the duties of customs and the dutierof tonnage imposed by to the

this act ( the necessary\: harges of raising and accounting for the fund°<if Great same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt Britain, of his Majesty's exchequer, and be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, except as by this act is specially provided.

LIII. And whereas by divers a his for granting federal of the duties hereby repealed, it is provided that during the spaee of ten years, then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a book or books, in which all the tnonies arising from the said respective duties should, together with such other duties as were respectively granted for the purpose of making, permanent additions to the publick revenue, and of defraying any charges occafumed by certain loans made, andflocks created by the authority of parliament, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors* upon any account whatever: and whereas it is expedient that the whole of the duties by this act granted, except where special provision is otherwise made by this act, should be entered in one account, but that provision should never theless be hereby made for ascertaining the produce of such several grants of duties for the remainder of such respective periods: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July The whole of one thousand eight hundred and three, the whole of the duties of customs and tonnage granted by this act, except as by this ^fe^ovided, aft is otherwise specially provided, shall be.entered together in shall be cn-one account; and that from and after the said fifth day of ^w^tered in one one thousand eight hundred and three, the lord high treasurer, or lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or qller< an(j^more of them for the time being, shall, for and during the re-treasury shall mainder of the respective periods of ten years, to be computed cause distinct from the time of granting such of the said duties as aforesaid as f^were were so directed to be entered separately as aforesaid, cause fepa- to^kept rate and distinct accounts of what such duties would have separate for amounted to in case the same had not been and were not re-ten years, spectively hereby consolidated and collected with other duties customs and tonnage, to be made out in such manner and form jj£ kept, and as shall appear to the lord high treasurer, or the lords-commis- laid before sioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, best adapted parliament, to ascertain such amounts respectively; which accounts the said lord high treasurer, or lords-commissioners for the time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before parliament, together with the publick accounts directed to be laid before parliament pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty aforesaid, intituled An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laid annually before parliament; and for discontinuing certain other forms of account now in use.

LIV. And whereas in the consolidation of the duties on goods, wares, and merchandize under this abf, such duties are in various instances increasid, and in many cases new additional duties are granted,

&$2 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

be it therefore enacted, That of the monies arising or td ^oti" and the ar^c outncrca^c of the duties hereby granted, and from

additional such new and additional duties as aforesaid, the sum of two hun-ones,50, 000l. dredand fifty thousand pounds, being the estimated produce thereof, be shall ^come<* 2X1 addition made to the revenue for the purpose defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made charge otca- by virtue of any act or acts passed in this session of parliament, (toned by any L V. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall

1°*rn2d< be brought or commenced against any person or person$, for any

this lemon, thin^ done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be limitation of commenced within three calendar months next after the fad athons. committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action General issue. or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act ^nd the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de-Treble costs. fendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant had in other cases to Ad mlT be recover costs by law.

altered or re-'LVI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied, pealed this altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this pre-fdfion. font session of parliament.

SCHEDULE

1803.] Anno ^qtJadragelimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 253 SCHEDULE and TABLES to which this Act refers.

Schedule A.

A Schedule'of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into! Great Britain, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain:

Also, of the Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain:

LII^ewife, of the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise or from Port to Port, within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain:

And also, of the Tonnage Duty of Customs payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards in Great Britain, from or to Foreign Parts.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

A

Acacia, the lb.

Acetofella fal. See Sal.

Acorus, the lb.

Adianthum, the lb. -

Agaric, the cwt.

Agates, viz.

- Polished or otherwise manufactured, for every £. 100 of the value -» — Rough and unmanufactured, for every £. 100

of the value Alderney, island of See Guernsey.

Ale. See Beer.

Alkali, not otherwise enumefatecLor described, for every £. 100 of the value -

Alkanet root, the lb.

Aikekengi Baccae, the lb.

Alkermes, viz.

- Confe&io, the qz. troy.

- Syrup, the lb.

Almond paste, for every £. ic>U of the value.

Almonds, viz. '

- Bitter* the cwt.

- Jordan, the cwt* -

- of any other (brt, the cwt.

- Oil of See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

Sototorina, imported directly from the place of their growth, the lb.

Duty. Drawback.

£ 5 % d. £. s.

OIO 006

003 0 0 2

OO3 00 X

i 3 4

35 0 0 25 0 0

20 0 0 0 6 vn

20 0 0 15 0 0

004 0 02

004 O O

0011 0 0 6

0 1 4 0 0 8

3 S 0 0 25 OO

0 17 8 094

2 18 0 2 3 3

1 8 6 i i 8

014 0 0 g

&CHEt)UtE (A.) — INWARDS.

Aloes, continued,

- Socotorina, not imported direCHy from the place

of their growth, the lb.

- of any other fort, the lb.

Alum, the cwt.

- Plume alum, the lb.

- Roch alum, the cwt.

Amber, viz.

- Beads. See Bead's.

- Oil of See Oil.

- Rough, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ioo of the value Ambergris, the oz. troy -

Ambra liquada, the lb.

America, United States of For the duties and drawbacks on goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence, fee table B.

Am mi Seed.' See Seed.

Ammoniacnm, viz.

- Gum. See Gum Ammonkcus.

- Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Anacardium, the lb, -

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the lb.

Angelica, the lb.

Angufturae Cortex. See Cortex*

Aninsri Gumi See Gum.

Aniseed. See Seed.

- Oil of See Oil.

Annotto, the cwt.

Antimonium, viz.

- Crudum, the cwt. - — Preparatum or ftibium, the lb.

Apples, the bushel -

*- dried, 'the bushel # - w

Aqua-fortis, he cwt.

Arabic, Gum. See Gum. - o

A rrangoes, imported from Europe under licence for exportation to Africa, for every^.ioooof the value

- For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which arrangoes may be so imported, fee 5 Geo. III. cap. 30. Archelia. - See Orchelta.

Argol, the cwt.

Atiftolocbia, tht lb.*

Puty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £< i. d.

040 024

008 004

0 10 6 062

002 001

046 0 2 0

O O <b 'O 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

026 0 14

032 0l8

OIO

003

003

I 3 4

6

o

2

4

8

200

02 4 004

006

002

002

0 O I

0 0 2

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Armoniac. See Bole Armoniac.

Arquebusade. See Spirits.

Arrow-root, the lb.

- 7 imported from any of the British plantations in America, the lb.

Arsenic, the cwt.

Afa-fcetida, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- hot imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

A fa rum-root, the lb.

Ashes, viz.

--Fechia, the cwt.

- Pearl and pot, the cwt.

- ^-of the British plantations in America, and imported from thence, the cwt.

- Soap, Weed and Wood, thocwt.

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£, 100 of the value -

Afphaltus, the lb. AflTes, for every £. 100 of the value Aurenttorum Cortex. See Limonum, in Cortex. Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Baccae Alkekengi. See Alkekengi Baccae.

Bacon, the cwt.

ee the note under the head of provisiont. Badger flrihs. See Skins.

Baluftia^the lb.

Balks. Sfe Wood.

Balls, yiz.' Washing SBalls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead. Sec Natural Bfelfam, in Balsam. Balfajn, viz.

--: --- Artificial, the lb.

- Canada, the lb.

- Copaiba, or Capivi, the lb. -

- Natural, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described. for every 100 of the value -

Bandftring Twist, the dozen knots*Barbadoes Tar. See Tar.

Barilla, the cwt*

Bark, viz.

--Jesuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.

Oak (when the price is such as to allow the importation) the cwt.

Duty. Drawback.

£' 4" £ '

002

00 1

076

O O 002

OIO 006

OO4 0 02

O 4 6 O O

O36

OIO

O I O

20 O O 15 O O

OO4 0 0 2

35 0 0 25 O O

2 16 0

004 0 0 2

0 0 00

0 2 0 OIO

00 6 0 0 2

012 0 0 6

0 >9OIO

35 0 0 25 0 0

029 0 2 0

O NJ 00 0 5 0

0 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Bark) continued.

Note. — Oak bark cannot be imported when the

fdee of hatch bark shall be under JT. 10 the oad, or when the price of oak bark in the rind shall be under £.2. io*. the load. See 12 Geo. III. cap. 50. continued by subsequent acts, and by 36 Geo. III. cap 40. further continued for (even years, and from thence to the end of the then next fei&on of parliament.

Black Oak or Quercitron, for the pu rpose of dyeing, imported from any country, not in Europe, in casks not less than 150 lbs. net the cwt.

- Red Mangrove, imported in casks not less than 150 lbs. net, the cwt.

otherwise imported, for every £. 100 of the value

--not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£. 100 of the value Barley. See Corn.

- Hulled. See Pearl Barley.

Barrafs, Dutch. See Canvas, in Linen.

Basket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the dozen — Wicker Baskets, for every £. 100 of the value Basons of Marble. See Stones.

Bast or draw hats or bonnets. See Hats.

- Platting or other manufacture of bast or straw

for making hats or bonnets, nee Platting. - — Ropes, the cwt.

Batten-ends. 7 c^TX7.

Battens. {SeeWood-Battery, the cwt.

Bay Berries. See Berries.

Bay, oil of See Oil.

Bay, or Myrtle Wax. See Wax*

Bay Yarn. See Woollen Yarn, in Yarn.

Bdellium, imported directly from the place of ks growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.*-

Beads, viz.

- Amber beads, the lb.

--Arrangoe beads. See Arrangoes.

--Coral beads, the lb.

--Crystal beads, the 1000 -

- Jet beads, the lb.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. £. s. d.

r

\O O O

0 0 3

20 O O4 O O

35 0 0 2'5 O Q

0 1 10 0 14

010 008

35 0 0 25 0 0

024

2 17 2 i 0 8

0 0 00 2

010 006

060 042

095 0 4. 2

0 16 10 0 11 8

0 j 10 0 1 3

SCHgptj|LE (A-V-INWMDS.

|$ea$ls, Continued.

--not otherwise enumerated or describecjj (of evpry

£-}C0 of the ijalue* -

feafis. Qorn,

- Kidney or French £w.n$. Spe Cjgrden Scej}, in

feed,

Sep also the npte under the head of Provisions.

B^amsEs.}^ S'cins*

- Wpolf(k See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Bed?.; S*e Feathers for beds.

Beffh Boards* 1

- Flank. > ftee'Wood.

- r-Quart$rsf) '

Beef, iz.]

- ffP1? the I/le S>f MW> Ifh 9f< ,

- whether salted or ptheryjfc. the flpte

thp head of PrQyij&ppj.

Beer, or Big, Sep Corn. l

Beer, tiz*

- Miyn, the barrel, quantity 32 gallons - r; vr-w- $prupe Beer, tl^e barrel, quantity gajjp/is r ' w - or Ale, of all ojther forts, the barrel, quality

gallons -

r Y"«>, seer, aotf Aie, Vifubjpfi plfo #> a, foiy

of excise; ..I

Be« Wapu $cc)Vpx.

Bell Meter. SeeMftaL '

Belvedere JtaijCins, (See Raifitls.*. i

Bqnjapin, the lb.*r f*

"HgaW*, eflfence pU See £ % ace(.

Berries, vii.

- Bay, the cw)t.*+ t i+

- Juniper, the <; wi.*-,

Myrtle, the {lb.

- Yellow, for, dyers' use, the cwt.

- for dyers* yfe, not otherwise enumerated or described, jtfee <C)y t.

-wr-w* flpt for dyeyfe, opt Qtfcqrwife pouppr.^edpr described, (for every ^, 100 of the value^ Bestials. See Man, Isle of.

Bezoar Stones, the pz. troy'-

Birds, vip. Singing (Birds, the dozen -

Bjfcup. lvSee Br^ad.

Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. - - n-

BJ^eking, the

Bidders, the do^en -

Vol. XLIV.'S

Pvty-

n*

Drawback.

2599

9

P

ll

o 8 6;

o 7 10

9 M

9

999, 0_ 0

0 ft .9 6 3 3

993 0 0 2

9 17 a

9 M 9

u, 9 0 ?5 0 0

0 1 -.o' 0 <P 6

Q A 3, 9 % 3

Q9A 0 0 2

2 1 .0 73 3

99V99 X

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS.

Blubber. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Boards. See Wood.

Bole Armoniac or Armenian Bole, the cwt. Bones and Hoofs of cattle, for every £.100 of the value -

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, viz.

" — bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt.

Borax, viz.

--refined, the lb.

- unrefined or Tineal, the lb.

Botargo, the lb. - - - 5

Bottles, viz.

- of earth or stone, the dozen - — of glass, covered with wjeker, the dozen quarts " of green or common glass, fall or empty, not of less content than one pint, and not being phials, the dozen quarts Note — Flaflcs in which wine or oil is imported are not subject to duty.

"Bowls or Buckets of wood, the dozen Bowsprits. See Mails, in Wood.

TBoXes, viz.

- Dressing Boxes, for every £.100 of the value — Nest Boxes, the gross, quantity 12 dozen nests, each nest, quantity 8 boxes — Pill Boxes, the gross, quantity 12 dozen nests, each nest, quantity boxes - — *Sand Boxes, the grow, quantity 12 dozen boxes — SnuiF Boxes, for every £.100 of the value Box Wood. See Wood.

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, the gross, quantity 12 bundles or deckers, each bundle or decker, quantity 10 necklaces Brandy. See Spirits.

Brass, viz.

- Manufactures, of, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every /.100 of the value - — Old. SeeShruff.

--Powder of, for japanning. See Powder.

Brazil Wood. ? w

- Bfazilletto Wood. J Sec Woo<L Bread or Bifcuir, the cwt.

See the note under the head of Corn. Bricks, the 1000 -

Btimstone, the cwt.

Duty.

£' I- d-

046 20 o o

400

300

008 004 007 0. I 10

o 13

050

35 0 0

0 16 10

030 0 5 3 35 0 o

056

35 o o

0 a 4

0 r o I

6

8

Drawback. £. s. i.

024 15 o o

004

002

O I p

o 7 7

o o to

25 o o

on S

o*3 0311 25 o o

o 3-6

25 o 0

o 18

o 6 8 066

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 25$

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback*

Bridles, viz. £ I £ s. d.

- Dressed, the dozen lbs. of Muscovy or Russia, not imported in 069 026

a Bjitifii-built ship, the dozen lbs. — rough or untpressed, the dozen lbs. - — - of Muscovy or Russia, not imported in a British-built 0 6 11 020 02 6 913

ship, the dozen lbs. Broken Glass. See Glass. 022 0 13

Bronze Figures, for every £.100 of the value - - 35 0 0 25 0 0

Brooms, viz. flag brooms or wiik brooms, the dozen Bruges Thread. See Thread. Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins. Buckets of Wood. See Bowls. Buffalo Hides. See Hides. — Horns. See Horns. Bugles, viz. 0 0 15 001

- .Great, the lb. - Small or Seed, the lb. - - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which bugles may be ware-housed on importation. See 5 Geo. III. cap. 30. — Great, to be warehoused, the lb. — Small or Seed to be warehoused, the lb. -, 7.When taken out of such warehouses to be used in Great Britain. — Great, the lb. — Small or Seed, the lb.*- Bullion and Foreign Coin of gold or silver, duty free. 0 1 10 030 0 0 i 0 0 2 019 0 2 JO 016 025

Bull Rushes, the load, quantity 63 bundles Bulls. See Cattle. See also the note under the head of Provisions. Burgunts, Pitch. See Pitch. Burrachas. See India Rubbers. Burrs for Mill-Stones. See Stones.'. See also the note under the head of Guernsey. Buds or Figures of marble or stone. See Stones. - — — not otherwise enumerated or described, 0 7 3 > 0 3 n

for every £.100 of the valu? 35 0 0 25 0 0

Butter, the cwt. See the note under the head of srovisions. C. Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt. Cable Yarn. See Yarn. Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil. Cake-lac. See Lac in Gum. Cakes made of Linseed. See Linseed Cakes. 032 / 0130 0 2 jt.

s 2

y&b Anno reght tertio tSVoAVII lit. C. 68.

SCrif^DUtE (A.) — inward^.

Oakes made offcapefeed. See Rape cakes.

Calabar Sfkins. See Squirrel Skins, in Skins. (Cafiminarik L^pis. See 'Lapis.

Cafomns, the ft>.

Calavances. See the'ridtb Wilder th'ehead 'bf Protfifions.' Callicoes, printed, paifftdd, Rained, dr dyed, imported ffom*T£itfo[ie, fcnddr lidench, for ekpdrtation, ko Africa, for every £.100 of the value - '

For^the conditions, regul'a tibhs, and rest ri&iofis,: ifoddr Whiih focih 'calficbes may be to itti-iported. See 5 Geo. III. cap. 30.

Calves* Skins. See Skins.

Calves. |See Cattle.:

'See also the note under the head of Provisions. Calves* Velyes, theirwt. -

Cambogiom. See Gamboge.

'vafobihcks. See^ihen.

X^atnemalr. iee'Hair.

- or Mohair Yard. See Yarn.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.

Caitiphire, viz.

' 11 refined, ithported directly from the place of

its grdwth, (he lb,

"not imported directly frota she ptece' of its growth, tHfe lb.

unrefined, imported directly froth ihe place1 of its growth, the lb.

'- not infpdrted directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

ataWood. ^SeeWood.

Canada Balsam. Sde Balsam.

Canary Sted. See Seed.

Cancrorutn Oculi, the lb.

Candles, Viz.

- bf Spermaceti, the lb.

- 6f Tallow, the CWt.

bf Wax, the lb.

Candlewibk, the cwt rCarie Hats or'Bonnets. Sec Hats.

-w-T- Platting or other manufactures of cane to make hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Ganella Alba, the lb.

Canes, vfe.

- Rattans, the 1O00

Redd Canes, the 1000 — Walking, the toooo Cans of Wood, the dozen

6 b

2 10 0

b 7 6

002

o o Yi b 2 6 b 0 7 o 1 4

o b 8

0 I4

1 18 o' O I t

2 1 4

0 0

1*o

0 16 4

V 89

0 3 'o

001

6 "5 t> 014 o -o3 o 6 V

0 o

1 "8 "t>

002

b 't'5 3

b99

i'n 3

6 '0 lo

A rn>leg*! Gzoaau III, MS.

SCHppityE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

' 1*' £ s. d. £ t.

Cantharidqs, the lb. Canvas. See Linen.9Z 10 00

Capers, thp lb. - 003 001

Capita Papaverum, the iop, p - - - on 2 9' 1

Sap?, vb. - — of cotton, for evety £.100 of the value - - 52 0 0 4* ZO 0

r.-'< of worste^, fqf every £iqo of the value Carraway Seed. See See<J, 3590 as 0 0

Carcfarno.ms, % lb. - - Caras, viz. playing cards, the dozen packs Cariophyljprum Cortex# See Cortex C^riophyllpidcs. w — i Oleupi. See Oil of Cloves. Carinenja 'Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair. Carmine, she oz. troy Carpets, vjz. v»- - of Turjtey^ containing lets than yards square, Q I O*8 0 0l6 006

t^e carpet - O 14. I 07#

wards, the carpet - - 2 IS 0 a 0 0

every ^.iqo of the value -«Carrabe. See Su<$inum. CO O O as 0 0

Carriages of all forts, for every £.1 of of t; hc value 7 Carrot Sefd. See Dpucas Seed, in Seed* Carthamus Seed. See Seed. Carui Oleum. See OiJ of Carraway. Caihew Qum. See puijii — — Nuts. See Nuts. 35 0 0 V as 9. 9

Calks empty, the turn quantity 252 gallons Cassia Buds, the lb. 1 - - -9ip 0 0 0 6 076 0 0 4

Fiftpla, the lb. - Lignea, the lb..- -- — Oil of See Ojl. 6 0 4 912 0 0 2

Castor, thp lb, r - r r Catlings, or Litfefiripgs, the gross, quantity 12 dozen 0 a 0 z i

|uiots - Cat Sk^fis. S^e S^iqs. Cattle from the Isle of Man. See Man, Isle of Cayiare, the cwt. j -, Cayenne Pepper. Spe Pepper. 0 2 p 073 09*

Chalk, for every £.zqo of the value Chamaempli Flores. See Chamomile Flowers. Cheese, the cwt. - - - ?, Sep the ngtte j^er the h$u) q( frpyifiqp^ Ch^miqd Oil. Spe Oil. Cherries, {he cwt. '*? 35 0 0 0«$ 0 8 3 25 0 9

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty.*Drawback.

Chesnuts, See Nuts. Chimney Pieces, of marble or (lone, fcqlptured# See Storites. China Root, imported directly from the place of its £ dm 9

growth, the lb. -.«r its growth, the lb. China Ware, or Porcelaine, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ioo of the value Chip Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. — manufactures of, to make hats or bonnets. See 097 ( 0 1 7 50 0, 0 0 0 4, 0 0 10 36 n 0

Platting. Cider, the tun, quantity 252 gallons*- Subject also to a duty of excise..Cinders, the chalder, quantity 36 bushels, Winchester measure Cinnabar. See Vermillion. O <+ CO M 0 S 3, 3

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lbt*- Cinnamon, viz. — of the produce of, and imported from any British colony or plantation in America, the lb. - — - imported under licence, the lb. - - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which cinnamon may be so imported from any place, fee 3 and Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. I. cap. 21. See also 8 Geo. I. cap. 18. which is continued by several statutes, and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September, 1809, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. Cinnamoni Oleum. See Oil of Cinnamon. Citron, preserved with salt, for every '£.100 of the Oxo 0 i 6 054 006 0 4 0

value - with sugar. See Succades. Citron Water. See Spirits. 35 0 0 25 0 0

Civet, the 0. troy - Clap Boards. See Boards, in Wood. 026 0 I 4

Clocks, for every £. 100 of the value Cloths, Woollen. See Woollen Cloths. Clover Seed. See Seed. Gloves, viz. — of the produce of, and imported from any Bri- © O V. CO 25 0 0

tish colony or plantation in America, the lb. imported under licence, the lb. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, j 030 0 3 3 '1 10 uo«c* © 0

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 263

SCHEDULE (A.J — INWARDS. > Duty. Drawback.

jr. s. d.

under which cloves may be so imported from any place. See 3 and Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. See also 8 Geo. I. cap. 18. which is continued by several statutes, and by 43 Geo. III. c. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. Coals, the chalder, quantity 36 bushels Winchester measure - 170

Cobalt, for every /. 100 of the value 20 0 0 IS 0 0

Cochineal, the lb. - 0 0 10

Cocoa Nuts, viz. — of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, on importation*to be secured in warehouses, the cwt. 006

of the produce of any other country or place, on Importation, to be secured in warehouses, the cwt. 00 6

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which cocoa nuts shall, on importation, be secured in warehouses. See 10 Geo. I. cap. 10. 6 Geo. III. cap. 52. See also 35 Geo. III. cap. 118. consumption in Great Britain, the lb. O O 10

Subject also to an inland duty of ^excise. Cocculus Indus, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lbf - ox 0

its growth, the lb, 026 '

Coffee, viz. — -» of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, on importation, to be fe-

cured in warehouses, the cwt, 006

- of the produce of any other country or place, on importation, to be secured in warehouses, the cwt. - - 0 0 6

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which coffee shall, on importation, be secured in warehouses.^See 10 Geo. I. cap. 10. 6 Geo. III. cap. 52. see also 35 Geo. III. cap. 118. — not of the British plantations. For the Conditions, regulations, and restric-

S(*fi£bUtE (A.) — INWARDS.

"fcolfee, tdrttiniied.

tions, udder Whifch fodh ctm6t fhftll, ffn importation Into fhd fxtttft of Lftridbil, Bristol, LivCfpobI, GlafgPW, bf Lfcith, be secured irt warfchouses, fritl0ut j>iytnent of duty. Sfee 32 Geo. III. CM*. 43.

*-".»* when taken out offish toarehouses fest>fc<Siv£iy, for consumption in Great Britairt, tnfe lb. Subject also to an inland duty of excite.

Coin, viz.

--of copper. $ee Copper.

" »= Fbfeign, bf gold or silver. See BtlHibft*

Cole Seed*, Set Seed.

Colophonia. See Rosin.

Coloquintlda, imported directly tt&tfi thfc J>ldce bf its growth, the lb. # <r -

- n6t impbrted dirfc&ly froth the of its

growth, the lb.

Colours fdr Painter*. See kaintef's* GdlbUfs.

Coluoabo kbot, the lb.*<* -,

Comfits, the lb.*-

Coney Skins. See Skins.

- Wool. SeeWdol.

ConfecHo tAlkermes. See AHfce'riftcs.

ContrayerVae Lapis. Stfe Lapis.

- Radix. See fcadix.

Copaiba, or Capivi BWlam. SCe Balsaisi,

Copal Gutti. See Gum-Copper, viz.

- Oke, the cwt.

- .i- — unwrought, Viz. copper bricks, rbfe copper,

and all cast copper, the cVrt.

- copper in plate* and copper,

coin, the cwt.

- patt wrought, viz. bars, rods, or ingots, hammered or ratted, the cWt.

- manufactures bf copper and copper plates, en-

graved, for every £*ioo of the value. w Copperas, Viz.

- Iftlue, the cM. -

- Green, the cwt.

t - White, the cwt.*- -

Coral, viz.

--Beads. See Beads.

r--- in fragments, thb tb. - W

- whole, polilhcd, ItTfe lb. - 1

- 1-unpoliflidd, the lb* -

Cordage^ tdrred or untbrr'ed, €\rt.

fiuty. I Drawback.

iC* $ d.

Q b

6 9

P 1 10

P 6 8 P 1 6

o 0 6 o I 0 P94 P it t

35 o p

0 3 ©I

O 2 I

0 J O

p © 6

<» & J O

O 3; 4

b 13 6

b S' d.

OO4

0 J o

004 o Q

iS ° a

00*

020

b r e»

1S03.J Afliio r^gfti quadragdlmo rertio Georgii III. c. 68. 265

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Cordial Waters. See Spirits.

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

Cork, the cwt.

Corks ready made, the gross, quantity 12 dozen -

Corn, viz.

- Wheat, yrheatmeal or flour, rye, barley, beer or big, oats, oatmeal, pease, beans, Indian corn or maize.

TABLE N*. t.

The following duties are payable thereon on importation, except from Ireland, the province of Quebec, and the other British colbnies, or plantations in North America, viz.

-» Wheat, if the distriA price at the port of importation is.

- under 50s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter

v — at or above 50s. but under 54s. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter - — «t at or above 54s. per quarter (second low duty) the quarter - — - Bye, Bease, Beans, if the distrieft price at the port of importation is,

under 34s. per quarter (high duty) the| quarter -

- at or above 34$. but under 37s. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter

.* at or above 37s. per quarter (second low

duty) the quarter - — Barley, Beer, or Big, if the district price at the port of importation is,

- under 25s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - — at or above 25s. 1>ut under 27s. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter at or above 27s. per quarter (second low duty) the quarter - — Oats, if the distriA price at the port of importation is,

- under iys. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - — - at or above 17s. but under 18s. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter

Duty.

£* / d.

0

9

4 1°

0 8

o 2

o o

O I

Q O

12 0

Drawback.

I J O

£*d.

o o

o 6

oxo

o

399 5

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback-

Corn, TMrSo. 1. continued. Oats at or above 18s per quarter (second low i s. 1 S'

duty) the quarter - Wheatmeal and Flour, if the district price of wheat ^at the port of importation is, — un&ef 50s. per quarter (high duty) the 0 0

4 v cwt. at or above 50s. but under 54s. per 066

quarter (first low duty) the cwt. - — at or above 54s. per quarter (second 016

low duty) the cwt. — Indian Corn or Maize, if the distri# price of barley at the port of importation is, under 25s, per quarter (high duty) the OIO

quarter at or above 25s. but under 27s. per quar- 1 J 0

ter (first low duty) the quarter — at or above 27s. per quarter (second low 0 i 3

dutt) the quarter - - - Oatmeal, it the distrtdi price at the port of importation is, under 16s. per boll of i4olb$. avoirdupois, or i281bs. Scotch troy (high duty) the O' 0 3

boll - - — at or above 16s. but under 17$. per boll 0 00 O

(first low duty) the boll — - — at or above 17s. per boll (second low 0*0

duty) the boll - — wheat, w heatmeal, or flour, rye, barley, beer, or big, oats, oatmeal, pease, beans, Indian corn or maize. 006

TABLE N°f 2. The following duties are payable thereon, on importation from Ireland, the province of Quebec, and the other British colonies or plantations in North America, viz. Wheat, if the distrifl price at the port of importation is, — under 48s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - at or above 48s. but under 52s. per quar-4 3

ter (first low duty) the quarter — 1 - at or above 52s. per quarter (second low 026

duty) the quarter ... — R)A Pease, Beans, if the distrilt price at the port of importation is. vO " O O

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Corn, Table No. 2. continued. £.*d.

under 32s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - 120

- at or above 32s. but under 35s. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter - 0 1 '6

at or above 35s. per quarter (second low duty) the quarter.O O U>

Barley, Beer, or Big, if the district price at the port of importation is, — under 24s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - 120

- at or above 24s. but under 26*. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter 0 1 3

- at or above 26s. per quarter (second low duty) the quarter - 0 0 3 1

« — - Oats, if the district price at the port of importation is, 'under 16s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - - - 067

- or above-r6s. but under 17s. per quarter (first low duty) the quarter 0 1 0

- at or above 17s, per quarter (second low duty) the quarter - - — Wheatmeal and Flour, if the district price of 00 2

wheat at the port of importation is, — — under 48s. per quarter (high duty) the cwt. - 066

- at or above 48s. but under 52s. per quarter (first low duty) the cwt. 016

- at or above 52s. per quarter (second low duty) the cwr. 002

- Indian Corn or Maize, if the district price of barley at the port of importation is, — under 24s. per quarter (high duty) the quarter - - - 120 -

ter (first low duty) the quarter 0 1 3

- at or above 26s. per quarter (second low duty) the quarter - 003

Oatmeal, if the district price at the port of importation is, poise, or I281bs. Scotch troy (high duty) the boll O OO O 1

- at or above 15s. but under 16s. per boll (first low duty) the boll 0 1 0

- at or about 16s. per boll (second low duty) the boll - 002

z€a Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. C.$$, [i $tj.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Corn, Fable No. 2, continued.

- Wheatmeal or flopr, rye, barley, bc^r pr big?

oats, oatmeal, pease, heaps, Indian corn, or

Duty.

maize.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such corn may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, fee 31 Geo. III. cap. 30. and 33 Geo. -IH.cap. 65.

*--- Having been secured in warehodfes, when taken

out to be used or confuraed in Great Britain, such duties shall fir# be paid as shall at the time of taking out be due and payable for the like fort of corn, meal, or Sour imported into the same port from any foreign country; and also / in addition to such duties, the several and respective, duties specified in the table marked No. 1. under the name of the fxrft low duties.

- His Majesty in council may, when the general

average price of any sort of corn or of oatmeal, in England or Scotland respectively, shall appear to be at or above the prices at which foreign corn, meal, or flour of the same fort, is allowed by law to bf imported at the first low duty, spacified in the table marked No, j. permit generally the importation into England or Scotland respectively, or the taking gut of warehouse for home consumption, of any stich fou of foreign corn, meal, or flour, on payment of the second low duty only, as specified in the said iaWe No. 1. and no other; and such permission shall continue in force for the space of three months at lesft, from the date of the order in council made for that purpose. See 33 Geo. III. cap. 65.

- His Majesty in council is authorised, whatever

may be the^general price of any sort of corn pr grain, dr of oatmeal in England and Scotland respectively, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, tp permit generally the importation into Great Britain of any foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer or big, pease, beans, oats, pr any meal or flour, or bread, biscuit, or malt made thereof, or any Indian corn or maize, or meal, or flour made thereof, in any Britdh vessel, or in apy other veiflel belonging to personss of any kingdom or Hate in amity with his Majesty, navigated in aqy manner whatever; and also the taking out

Drawback.

Anno re^iqwd^ III. c. 6S. 269

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Corn, continued. #, jQ. s. d.

warehouse for home'confiunptton* t>f any Tuck foreign corn or other article as aforesaid, without payment of any doty. His Majesty is likfewife authorised in like manner, to recall futh permission, either in parr, or in the whole, if circumftafces shall appear so to require.

£efc 39 Geo. III. cap. 87. continued by Teveral. a^s, and by Geo. III. cap. 12. further continued to the 1st January 1804. l^bte. — Aflforeign corn, when delivered out of iahy ship or vessel in the port of London, is fabjed also toa duty of two-pence per lad or ken quarters, to be paid to the inspector ©T tqorn^returlis.

"Corn Powder* See Gunpowder*

Cornu Cfcrvi Calciriatum, thqlb.

Cortex, viz.

- i — Angufturae^the lb.

- r Cariophylloides, the-lh.

flleutheriae, the cwt.

- ^--- C&uaiaci, the cwt.^-

- Limonum dr Aurentiorucn, the ib.

- Peru vianus br Jesuit'i Bark, the lb.

- 9imarouba, lthe lb.

- Winters ivus, the lb.

——; --- not other wise enumerated or described,

every £. 100 of the value Costus, the lb.

Cotton cloth of the manufacture of the Isle of Man.

See Man, tide of.

Cotton ftianufacturts, not otherwise enumerated ^described, (for every £. 100 of the value Cotton Thread. See Thread.

- Wool. See Wool.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair. See Hair.

- Hair.

- Tails

for:

or

is"

Hide's.

Cow-itch, the lb.

'Cowries, imported from-Europe mnder licence for exportation to Afrida, for every £ i.OO oft he value - For thecondl lions, regulations, and restrictions, 'under which cowries may be so imported, fee 5' Geo. III. cap. 30.

Cows. See Cattle.

iSee also the Bete-under-thehcatLof Provisions. Cranberries, the gallon >.-

Crapes. See Silk, Wrought.

fiutjs.

004.

o 1 0 004 o iz o o 46 10

O O .2 OIO o jo 6

o o i

35 ° q

006

52 .0 o

006

a«c

0 0

el

Drawback

0 0 2

o j6

6 4

8

o o

o o

25 © <0

O Q j

41 10 n

o u 3

hi fc

276 Antto fegft! quadragesimo tfcrtio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Crayons, for every £.100 of the value Cream of Tartar, the ctvt.

Crout, viz. Sour Crout, fot every £.106 of the value See the note under the head of Provisions. Crystal, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- in fragments, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated of described, for every £.100 of the value -'

Cubebs, the lb.

Cucumbers, viz.

- Pickled, the gallon -

- preserved in salt and water, for every £.ioo of the value Culm, the chalder, quantity 36 bushels, Winchester measure -

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants, viz.

- imported in a, British-built ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British*built ship, the cwt. Cuttle Bones, the 1000 -

Cyperus, the cwt.

D.

Damaik tabling or napkining. See Linen.

Dates, the cwt. -

Daucus Creticus. See Daucus Seed, in Seed.

dS!.e"' h"Wood-

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia Raisins. See Raisins.

Diagrydium. See Scammony.

Diamonds, duty free.

Diaper tabling or napkining. See Linen.

Dice, the pair: -

Dittany, the lb.

asieskta.

Dog Stones. See Stones.

Down, the lb.

- of Muscovy or Russia, not imported in a British-

buitt ship, the lb. Drawings, coloured, each

- plain, each -

Dressing Boxes. See Boxes.

Drillings. See Linen.

Diugs on which specific duties are* payable according to the quantity. See the several articles in alphabetical couifc..H

Duty.

£. s, d. 35 6 0 0935 0

006

35 o o 003

010

35 o 0

1 00

17a 1 8 10

076

094

25 3

o 159006

008

009 018 0 0 10

Drawback.

£. t.

aj o o

25 o o

0 0 2

25 0 0 0 0 2

25 o o

I t9i t 9

053

050

233

0 0 2

005 00 5

SCHEDULE (A.J-INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value Duck. See Sail Cloth, in Linen.

E.

Earthcrn ware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value East India Goods, For the duties and drawbacks on

Snoods imported by the East India company, ee Table C.

Ebony. See Wood.

Eels, viz. Quick Eels, the ship's lading Eggs, the 100, quantity 6 (core.

See the note under the head of Provisions. Elastic Bottles, or Burrachas. See India Rubbers, Elbing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Eleborus. See Hellebore.

Elimi Gum. Sec Gum.

Elephants' Teeth, the cwt. -

Eleutherise Cortex. See Cortex,

Elk Hair. See Hair.

--Skins. See Skins.

Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Hones and jewels (except diamonds) for every £too of the value Emery Stones. See Stones.

Enamel, the lb.

Enulse Campanae Radix. 7 r, D.

Eringii Radix. } See Rad, x.

Ermine Skins. See Skins.

Essence, viz.

- of Bergamot, the lb.

- of Lemon, the lb.

- of Spruce, for every £.100 of the value

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £i oo of the value -

Edridge Feathers. See OftrichEeathers, in Feathers.

- Wool. See Ostrich Wool, in Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb, -

F

Fan-mounts of Leather, for every £.ioo of the value Faro Raiiins. See Ratlins.

Feather-beds. See Feathers for Beds.

Note. — The duty on feather-beds is payable according to the quantity of feathers contained therein.

35

SO o o

d.

o o

o

o

o

o

35

o

4

o

90

25

270

35 o c

o

o

0 0

40 o o

4 5

0

o

25

4

4

c

25 O 0

25

o

o

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS.

Feathers, viz.

- for beds, (be cwU -

- of Muscovy or Russia, iu>t imported in a British-built ship, the cwt,

Ostrich or Eftrich, dressed, the lb,

- undressed, the lb.

' Vulture, for every £. ioo of the value -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.«co of the value -

Fechia Afces. See Ashes.

Fennel Seed.

Fenugreek Seed,

Fiddles far children. See Toys.

Figs, imported ini British-budt (hifc the cwt.

not imported in a British-built ship, the cwt. Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Fir Quarters.

See Seed.

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. £.* d.

1 is 635

1 17 4 >35

IJ 8 0 7

O 8 6 0311

35 0 0 25 0 0

SS«© 25 0 0

3 4 0 g

«J90 9.

t ir Quarters, j — Timber. ( See Wood. Fire-wood. )

Fish, viz.

- Frefc fish, Bri(i(h taken, and imported in British-built ships or vefleis. Duty free.

- British taking tand curing.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which any such filfh may be imported into Great Britain, dutyfree. See the act to which this schedule is annexed. Fisher Skins. See Skins.

Fishing Nets, old. See Rags.

Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil*

Fitches Skins. See Skins.

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the yard -

Flasks. See Bottles.

Flax, viz.

' — - dressed, imported in a British-buik ship, the cwt. — not imported in a British-bulk lbip, thi cwt.

- 7 — rough or undressed, the cwt.

Flax Sedd. See Linseed, in Seed.

Flint Stapes for Potters. See Stones.

Flocks, the cwt.

Flower Roots, Trees, or Plants, for<very^>iX)0 of the value -

Flowers, artificial, act made of silk, for every 4f.

the value - -.-»

Forest Seed. See Garden Seed, in Seed*

Fulfils, not otherwise enumerated pr deferihed*: for every^.ioo of the value -

0 09O*5

6 it 3 4*7 0

: 67 6 47 Q

0 0 3 t

0 11 i 3 0 7 10

1 2P 0 p;5 .0 d

35 0 0 25 0 0

20 0 0 % 15 0 0

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Fowls. See the note under the head of Provisions. Fox Skins. \ c^ct.

--Tails. } See Skins.

Frames for pictures, prints, or drawings, for every jt. 100 of the value -

Frankinceftfe, the cwt..-

Fruit, artificial, for every £. ioo of the value -

Furrier's Waste, fit only for making glue, the cwt. Furs. See Skins.

Furze Seed* See Seed.

Fustick. See Wood*

G*

Gad Steeh See Steel.

Galanga, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb. -

Galbanum, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb. -

- not imported drrectly from the place of its

growth, the lb.*-

Galley Tiles. See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt.* -

Gamboge, the lb.

Game. See the note under the head of Provisions. Garden Seed. See Seed.

Garnets, via.

- cut, the lb.* -

- rough, the lb.*- --

Gauze of Thread, for every £.100 of the value*Geldings. See Horses.

Gem. See Sal.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb. -

Gibraltar. — For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth or production of the dominions of the emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on payment of such duties only as are or shall be > payable on the like goods when imported directly from Africa, Sep 27 Geo. III. cap. 19. Ginger, viz.

- of the British plantations, the cwt.

- not of the British plantations, the cwt.

- preserved, the lb. -

Vol. XLIV.'T

Duty.

£. s* d.

35 o 0 062 35 o 6 012 3

003

008 00 7

014

05c

008

0 16 10 058

40 o. o

0 0 2

Drawback.

£ d.

25 o o, 0 3 2 25 00

002

o o 4 ° o 3 00 8

004

0 14 o

1 12 8

o o 9

0119 o 3 it 16 8

3

0 o i

o 10 6

160

O O 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty. 1 Drawback*

Ginseng, the lb.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles. See Bottles.

- broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt.

*..Plate glass, and all other glass manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value Glass manufactures are subject also to a duty of excise.

Glover's Clippings, fit only to make glue, the cwt.

Glue, the cwt.

Goat Hair. See Hair.

--Skins. See Skins.

- Wool. See Gdjjt Hair, in Hair.

Gold Coin. See Bullion.

- Plate. See Plate.

Goods, wares, and merchandize, being the growth,

production, or manufacture of certain colonies and plantations in America, delivered up by the late definitive treaty of peace.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which such goods may, unti the 26th June 1805, be imported directly from theqee into Great Britain, upon payment of such duties as would have been or would be due and payable for such goods if they had been imported from any of the British West India islands, in British ships, See 42 Geo. III. cap. 95.

Goods or commodities (except tobacco, snuff, and rice,) being the produce of any territory, possession, or country, not under the dominion of his Majesty on the continent of America, or in the West Indies.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which goods may, until the ift of January 1804, under his Majesty's order in council be imported into Great Britain from any such territories, possessions, or countries, and may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty for the purpose of being re-exported to foreign parts. See 42 Geo. III. cap. 80.

Goose Quills. See Quills.

Grain. See Corn.

Grains, viz. Guinea Grains, the lb.

Grapes, for every £. 100 of the value

OI9OXO

70 o o 43 0 o

s.

o

d.\

10

r.

o

d.

8

o

0

35

6

!2S

2

Q

schedule (A.)-INWARDS.

Grapes, continued. '

- Rape of See Rape of Grapes*(

Grave Stones. See Stones.

Grease, the cwt.

Greaves for dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn. See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex. See Cortex.

- Gum. See Gum.

Guernsey, island of.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, production, and manufacture of the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, (salt excepted, fee 38 Geo. III. cap. 89; and date and (lone, not being burr (tones, or (tones used for the purpose of paving or making or mending roads, See 34 Geo. III. cap. 51. and 42 Geo. III. cap. 95.) may be imported from those islands by the inhabitants thereof without payment of any duty, except such excise or other duty, as shall be payable for the like goods of the growth, production, and manufacture of Great Britain. See- 3 Geo. I. cap. a. But foreign goods, having been lawfully imported into the said islands, and foreign goods and commodities in part or fully manufactured in either of them, and which may be legally imported from thence into Great Britain, are subject to such duties as are payable for the like goods when im> x ported from any foreign country of which they are the growth, product, or manufacture. See 3 Geo. I. cap. 4.

Guinea Grains. See Grains.

- Pepper. See Pepper.

- Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum, via.

r — Ammoniacus, imported directly from the place of of its growth, the lb.

not imported direCUy from the place

of its growth, the lb*

- Animi, the lb.*--

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Cake-iac* See Lac, in Gum.

*--- Ca(hew, the cwt*.*

- Copal* tht lb. -

f a

Duty.

£. s. d.

o t 0 012

006

013 00 4 042

042 o 0 ip

Drawback.

I.*

sit

003

008

o O 2

006

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Gum, continued.

- Elemi, the lb.

- Guaiacum, the lb.

--Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

Lac, viz.

- Cake-lac, the lb.

- Shell-lac or Seed*lac, the lb.

- Stick- Uc, the cwt.

- Opopanax, imported directly from the place of its

growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place of its growth, the lbv — - Sagapenqm, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the lb.

- Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt.

- Sarcocolla, imported directly from the place of its

growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place of

its growth, the lb.

- Seed-lac. See Lac* in Gum.

Senega, the cwt.

- if imported from Europe in a Britishi-built ship, the cwt.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which gum senega may be so imported, See 25 Geo. II. cap. 32.

--StickS' }$eeLac, inGu«n.

- Tacamahaca, the lb.

- Tragacanth, imported directly from the'place of

its growth, the lb.

- not imported directty from the place

of its growth, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

wife charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value Gunpowder, viz.

-Corn Powder, the cwt.

«" ..Serpentine Powder, the cwt.

Gutta Gamble. See Gamboge.

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen*

H.

Hair, viz.

- Camel, the lb.

X —; Cow or Ox, the cwt.

- Elk, the cwt; -

Duty. Drawback.

£*d. £*d.

004 0 0 2

0 10 006

002 001

0 0 3 0 0 2

048

020 O I O

0 4 10 0 2 8

O O OO3

0 1 3 0 0 8

O 10 6 O48

O O Ln 0 0 3

0 1 3 008

042

100

010 00 6

006 002

010 006

35 0 0 25 0 0

248 in 3

1 7 10 0 19 6

0 0 11

011 0 {

010 6, I

v

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Hair continued. £. t. d. £. s. 1

Goat, or Turkey Goats Wool, the 4b, Hats made of See Hats.*Horse, for every £, ioo of the value*Human, the lb. — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ioo of the value Hair Powder, the cwt. - - — perfumed, the cwt. - Hams* See Bacon. See also the note under the head of Provisions. 002 20 0 0 026 20 0 0 600 880

Hand Scoops, the dozen Handspikes. See Wood, Hard Wax. See Wax. Hare Skins, See Skins. Wool. See Wool. 012 0 10

Harp Strings, the gross, quantity j2 dozen knots*Hart Horns. See Horns, Hats, viz. — Bast or straw hats or bonnets, each hat or bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter the dozen ches in diameter, the dozen - Chip, cane, or horse hair hats or bonets, each hat or bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen ches in diameter, the dozen - - — made of or mixed with felt, hair, wool, or beaver, 036 060 0 12 0 066 0 13 0 0 2 2

the hat Hay, the load, quantity 36 trusses, each truss being 56 lbs, Head-matter. See Train Oil, in Oil, 1 10 0 14 0 0 10 6

Heath for brusties, the cwt.*- 058 0 3 ir

Hellebore, the lb, v*Hemp, viz. 0 0 2 Q 0 t

- dreffect, imported in a British-built ship, the cwt. not imported in a Britishi-built ship, the 2 18 2 \ 1 19 0

cwt. - - v - rough or undressed, imported in a Britishi-built 3 1 10 I 19 0

ship, the cwt. - not imported in a British- 056 0 3 4

built ship, the cwt. of the produce of the British plantations in America, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. Seed. See Seed. 058 0 5 0 0 3 4.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. 1 Drawback.

Hemp Seed Oil. See Oil. L- d.

Hermod3&yI, the lb. - r r Heflens Canvas. See Canvas, ip Linen. Hides, viz. Buffalo, bull, cow, or ox, in the hair, not tanr ned, tawed, or in apy way 00 5 0 0 2

dressed, the hide r — — --imported in aBritish- h*; ilt ship, the hide - O14 006 006 008

5 score r — 7 — Horse, mare, or gelding in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dress- 036 0 2 6

ed, the hide " imported in a British-built ship, the hide tapned, ^he lb. r — Muscovy or Russia, tanned, the lb. - -raw of undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, of otherwise charged with duty, imported from any British colony or plantation in America, for every £, 100 of the value -r — or pieces of hides, raw or undressed, not particu-r lkrly enumerated or described, or otherwise charg- 014 006 006 0 1.0 0 0 JO 3 1? 0 0 0 8

ed with duty as such, for every £.100 of the value - — or pieces of hides, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such, for every 20 0 0 15 0 0

£. 100 of the value - - -.Hogs. See Cattle. See also the note under the head of Provisions Hog's Lard. See Lard. O O O O' 25 0 0

Hones, the ioo, quantity 5 score - 0 14 2 0 10 0

Honey, the cwt. - r Hoops, viz. — of iron, the cwt. - of wood, the 1000 - - 094 0 14 0 0 7 10 034 053

Hops, the cwt. - - - Horns, viz. - — Buffalo, cow, or ox, the 100, quantity 5 score - Hart or flag, the 100, quantity 5 score. — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 5 5 0 034, 0126 440 018 045 /

- £. 100 of the value - 20 0 0^ 15, 0 0

Porn Tips, the 100, quantity 5 score, 01 2 006

SCHEDULE (A. — IN WARDS.

Horse Hair. See Hair.

- w Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

--Hides. See Hides.

Horses, mares, or geldings, each Human Hair. See Hair.

Hungary Water. See Spirits.

Hulks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk. HulTe Skins. See Skins.

I.

alap, the lb.

amaica Wood. See Brazilletto Wood, in Wood, aponica Terra. See Terra. erfey, island of See Guernsey. effamine Oil. See Oil. efuit's Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus. et, the lb.

- Beads. See Beads.

Jewels. See Emeralds incle, viz.

- unwrought, the lb. -

- wrought, the lb. -

India-rubbers or Burrachas, the lb.

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

Indigo, the 100 lbs.

Ink, for printers, the cwt. Ipecacoanhae Radix. See Radix.

Ireland. The duties and drawbacks of customs on articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, (corn and grain excepted) imported dire«Iy from thence, are not in any way altered, varied, or repealed, by any thing herein contained. See the act to which this schedule is annexed.

Iris Root. See Orrice Root.

Iron, viz.

- in bars or unwrought, of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, and imported from thence, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

«'.» — of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a

x British-built ship,

the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

- not imported in a

i British-built ship,

the ton, quantity, 20 cwt, -

Duty.

I. s. d.

300

0 10

O I O

005 030 0 0 2

0 12 (S

O 12 6

o 13 O

3 17 8

4«6

Drawback.

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 2 0 O' O I

o 7 io

2 11 8 2 12 8

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Iron, continued.

in Bars of any ofher country, imported in a

British-builf ship, the - ton quantity, 20 cwt.

- not imported in a

British-built ship, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

——: — Slit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or, hammered less than of an inch square,

r — of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a British-

built ship, the cwt. - not imported in a British-built ship, the cwt. r — of any other country, the cwt.

- Cast, for every £. 100 of the value

--Hoops. See Hoops.

--Old broken and old cast iron, the ton, quantity

20 cwt.

- Ore the ton, quantity 20 cwt. -r

7-Pig, iron, viz.

- of the produce of and imported from the

British plantations in America, the ton, quantity, 20 cwt. - r

- not of the produce of and imported from the British plantations in America, the ton, quantity 29 cwt.

ftlnglass, viz.

- of the produce of and imported from the British plantations in America, the cwt, — not of the produce of and imported from the British plantations in America, the cwt.

Me of Man. See Man, Isle of.

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges, the gallon Juniper Berries. See Berries.

- Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

- Oil. See Oil.

Junk, Old. See Rags, Old.

Ivory, the lb. r -

K.

Kelp, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

Kidney Beans. See Garden Seed, in Seed.

See also the note under the head of Provisions. fCid Skins* See Skins.

Duty.

£ f* d

37 8

+ \* 3 o u 6

o 12 o o 11 6

3S o o

O 10 O

050

046

o 10 6

048 0 14 0

o o 6

°3 o 12 8

[1803.

Drawback.

8

2 12 g

°95

095

095

25 0 0 026

050

003

c 2 o

V

o 15 o

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Kits- of Wood. Knees of Qak. Kn*bs of Silk.

See Pails.

See Wood.

See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

Lac. See Lac, ui Gum.

Lace, viz.

- Silk Lace, for every £.100 of the value — r- Thread Lace, not exceeding 20l. the yard in value, for every £.100 of the value

- exceeding 20r. the yard in value,

the yard -

Lamb, whether salted or otherwise.

See the note under the head of Provisions.

Lambs. See Cattle.

See also the note under the head of Provisions. ----- Wool. See Wool.

Lamp Black, the cwt. r

Lapis, viz.

- Calaminaris, the cwt.

- Contrayervae, the oz. troy -

--Lazuli, the lb.

r — r — Tutiae, the lb.

Lard, the cwt.

Lath-wood. See Wood.

Latten, viz.

- Black, the cwt..-

- Shaven, the cwt. -

Lavender Flowers, the lb* -

- Water. See Spirits.

Lawns. See Linen.

Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis.

Lead, viz.

--Black, the cwt.*

--Ore, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

--Red, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Leaf Metal. See Metal.

Leather, any manufacture of leather, or any manufacture whereof leather is the most valuable part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Leaves of gold, the 100 leaves Leaves of roses or violets, the lb.

Duty.

£ d*

20 o o 20 o o 04 6

2 1

o

o

o

o

o

0 16 10

1 10 3

5

o o

020

1 24

050 O 6 2

OO O 'C 0 16

0 0 4

Drawback.

£ i. d.

*3 3

006

004

002

O 12 3

104/

003

006

O is 8 025 0211

25 o o 010 002

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Lemons, the 1000* Juice of See Juice. Pickled, the ton, iqu^pttty 252 gallons Lcntiles, the bushel - See the note under the head of Provisions, Leopard Skins. See Skins. Lexia Raisins. See Raisins. Lignum, viz. £ d. £. s. d.

0118 248 040 062 13 3

- Quaffia, the cwt.* — Rhodium. See Rose»wood, in Wood. 1 — Vitae. See Wood. Lime Stone. See Stones. Limes, Juice of See Juice. Limonum Cortex. See Cortex. — Sal. See Sal. Linen, viz. — Cambricks and lawns, commonly called French 2 l6 O 180

lawns, the half piece, quantity 6£ ells. — Canvas, viz. — - — Hcflens canvas or Dutch barras, the 120 O79 030

ells - — Packing canvas, guttings, spruce, elbing I 12 6»S 3

or Queensborough canvas, the 120 elis — Damaflc tabling of the manufacture of the Batavian republick, viz. — — not exceeding ell i in breadth, the yard — above ell i and under 2 eHs in breadth, ( I 10 062 0 16 11 0 4 10

the yard -- — of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and 070 00 0

under 3 ells, the yard - of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the 080 066

yard Damask tabling of the manufacture of Silesia, or of any other place, not otherwise enu- 0118 09IQ

merated or described, the yard square Damask towelling and napkining, of the manufac- 0 i 3 0 0 10

ture of the Batavian republick, the yard — Damask towelling and napkining of the manufacture of Silesia, or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated or described, 024 0 i 8

the yard - — Diaper tabling of the manufacture of the Batavian republick, viz. 008 005

not exceeding ell £ in breadth, the yard — above ell i and-under 2 ells in breadth, 030 022

the yard - - - -.036 Q 2 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

Diaper, continued.

- of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and under 3 ells, the yard - — of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the yard

- Diaper tabling of the manufacture of Silesia, or

of any other place, "not other wile enumerated or described, the yard

- Diaper towelling and napkining of the manufacture of the Batavian republick, the yard — Diaper towelling and napkining of the manufacture of Silesia, or of any other place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the yard -

- Drillings and pack duck, the 120 ells -

--Flanders linen, and linen of the manufacture of the Batavian republick, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz. — not exceeding ell f in breadth, the ell — above ell f and under 2 ells in breadth, the ell -

- ' — of the breadth of 2 ells or upwards, and under 3 ells, the ell

- of the breadth of 3 ells or upwards, the

ell...

- German, Switzerland, East country (except Ruf-

fia) and Silesia cloth, plain, viz.

- not exceeding 31 \ inches in breadth, the

120 ells -

- above the breadth of inches, and not exceeding 36 inches, the 120 ells — above 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells

- Hinderlands brown, under 22i inches in breadth,

the 120 ells -

- Lawns, viz.

--Silesia and all other lawns, plain (except

cambricks and French lawns;, not bleached in the Batavian republick, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length

- Silesia and all other lawns, plain (except

cambricks and French lawns), bleached in the Batavian republick, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length

- Oil cloth, not exceeding yard-wide, the ell — exceeding yard-wide, the ell

--Pack Duck. See Drillings, in Linen.

Duty.

£*d-

0 3 10 O56

o i 6

010

007 2 16 o

018

0 I II

0 2 2 0 3 2

1 15 9

35 6

5 16 3

1 06

£. s. <L

Drawback.

O 3 10

o 4 10

005

009

2 IO

4 4

o 11

o 8

O 5 4 4

1 2

5

7

2 5

7 7

16 s

9 5

0 15

o 2 10

3 7 0 3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Linen, continued. 1

- RuiTia linen plain, viz.

- Towelling and napkining of the manufacture of Russia, not exceeding 22£ inches in breadth,

- imported in a British-built ship, the

120 ells «r

- nor imported in a British-built ship,

the 120 ells -

- Ruflialinen not otherwise enumerated or described,

- not exceeding 22i in breadth,

- imported in a British^built ship, the 120 ells -

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the 120 ells f

- exceeding 22f inches in breadth, and not exceeding 31* inches,

- imported in a British-built ship, the 120 ells.- -

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the 120 ells -

- exceeding 31^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches,

- imported in a British-built ship, the

120 ells -

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the 120 ells -

- exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches,

- imported in a British-built ship, the

120 ells -

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the 120 ells -

- exceeding 45 inches in breadth,

- imported in a British-built ship, the 120 ells -

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the 120 ells -

- Sail Cloth or Sail Duck, viz.

- of the manufacture of the Batavian repub-

lick, viz.

- not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the

120 ells -

- exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the i20ells

- of the manufacture of Russia, viz.

- not exceeding 36 inches in breadth,

- imported in a British-built ship, the 120 ells -

Duty. Drawback.

C d. £. f.d.

0 19 3 0 14 2

I OO 0 14

O 1990 15 1

IO7 0 15 1

i 11 6 1 2 7

1 12 6 127

2 6 10 1 13 11

286 1 13 11

446 3 6 u

462 3 6 u

5 17 0 495

6 00 49S

2 14 6

4 11 0

2 13 2

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen, continued.*£. t. 4.

not imported in a British-built ship, the 120 ells - exceeding 36 inches in breadth, ' — imported in a British-built ship, the 120 ells - not imported in a British-built ship, the 120 ells - Sail Cloth or Sail Duck not otherwise enumerated or described, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 ells - - - ' L Sails, for every £.100 of the value Spanish and Portugal linen, plain, — not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell 21+6 496 4 IX 0 2 13 2 496 53 2 0 007 005

0 0 10 008

- not* being chequered or striped, or not being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn, before the manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ico of the value 4* O O O 30 16 8

- chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained, or dyed, after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, or worn, or used in Great Britain, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value - 90 0 0 25 0 0

- Yarn. See Yarn. JLinn Boards. See Boards, in Wood. Linseed. See Seed. Cakes, the cwt. - r — Oil. See Oil. Lion Skins. See Skins* Lipari Raisins. See Raisins. Liquorice Juice. See Succus Liquoritiae. Powder, the cwt. 0 I 0 360»2 11 1

Litharge, viz. — of gold, the cwt. i 14 6 010 180 007

- of silver, the cwt. - Litmus, the cwt. Lobsters, duty free. Log-wood. See Wood-. Long Pepper. See Pepper. Long Steel. See Steel. 0 0 10 024 006

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Lo(h Hides. See Hides.

Lucerne Seed, See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Lutestrings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace, viz.

- of the produce of, and imported from* any British

colony or plantation in America, the lb. — imported under licence, the lb.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which mace may be so imported from any place, fee 3 and Anne, cap. 4. 8 Anne, cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. See also 8 Geo. I. cap. 18. which is continued by several 11a-tutes, and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September 1809, and from thence to the cad of the Chen next session of parliament.

- Oil of See Oil.

Madder, viz.

- Mull, the cwt.

- Root, the cwt.

- of any other fort, the cwt.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Maize. See Com.

Man, Isle of.*,

For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions under which cotton yarn, and cotton cloth of the manufacture of the Isle of Man, and beflials and other goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the said island (with exceptions as to some articles), maybe imported directly % from thence, without payment of any duties

of customs. See 5 Geo. III. cap. 43. and also 20 Geo. III. cap. 42. 34 Geo. III. cap. 51* 38 Geo. III. cap. 63. 41 Geo. III. cap. 54. and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 29. continued until the 5th July 1804.

Mangrove Bark. See Bark.

Manna, the lb.

Maps, the piece -

Marble. See Stones.

Marbles for Children. See Toys.

Mares. See Horses*

- Hides. See Hides.

Duty.

£ Sm

O 3 O

o 4

o 5

004 028 o 2

Drawback.

£*d*

OI7

Oj|8

038

0 0 8 0 0 8

OCI4

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Marjoram, Oil of See Oil. Marmalade, the lb.

Martin Skins.

- Tails.

See Skins.

Mastich, viz.

- red, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.»-

- not imported directly from the place of its

growth, the lb.

- « — of any other fort, imported directly from the

place of its growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

place of its growth, the lb.

Masts. See Wood.

Mats, viz.

--of Russia, imported in a British-built ship, the 100,

quantity 5 (core

- not imported ifr a British-built ship, the

100, quantity 5 score -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value Matting, viz.

- of Barbary or Portugal, the yard

- of Holland, the yard -

« — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Mattreflcs, for every £.100 of the value Maw Seed. See Seed.

Mead, the gallon Meal. See Corn.

Medals, for every £.100 of the value Medlars, the bushel Melasses, viz.

- of the produce of, and imported from the British plantations in America, the cwt.

- not of the produce of, and imported from, the

British plantations in America, the cwt. Melting Pots for Goldsmiths. See Pots Mercury, viz. '

- Precipitate, the lb. -

- Sublimate, the lb. t

Metal, viz.

- Bell metal, the cwt. - — Leaf metal (except of leaf gold) the packet, quantity 250 leaves.-

- prepared for battery, the cwt.

Metheglin, the galloh - a

Duty.

o

o o 0 o.

s. d.

o 6

1 10

0 14 o is 35 o

o

o

?5

35

35

0

o

o

o

o

Drawback.

£ i. d.

002

o

of

o

o

o

0

25

o

o

25

25

o 40 14

25 .0 0

O II 10

o o

2 O 0 0 2

o

o

0

9

9,

o

o

o

o

o

2

6

4

0

9

9

o

5

2

o

0

on

8

5

6

6

066

o

8 11

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

1 Milford, Port of For the privileges granted to persona not subjects of his Majesty coming thereto, for the purpose of carrying on the southern whale tifhery from Great Britain, Set the note under the head of Oil, Mill Boards* See Paper* Millet Seed. See Seed. See also the note under the head of Provisions. £. s. £. s. d.

Millium Solis, the lb. -- Millstones. See Stones. Mineral Water. See Water. Minerals not otherwise enumerated or described* for O O CO 0 0 4

every £.100 of the value Mink Skins. See Skins. Mohair Yarn. See Camel Yarn, in Yarn. Mole Skins. See Skins. 20 0 0 15 0 0

Morels, the lb. -- Morocco. See Gibraltar. Moss, viz. — Rock, for dyers' use, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. - — not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 0 i 6 1 1 4 0 I 0

£.100 of the value - - 20 0 0 IS 6 6

Mother of Pearl shells, rough, the lb. 0 05 G O 3

Mules, for every £.100 of the value - - Mum. See Beer. 35 0 0 25 O O

Musical Instruments, for every £.100 of the value - 35 0 0 25 O O

Musk, the ounce troy - - - Mufquafh Skins. See Skins. Mustard Seed. See Seed. Mutton, wheiher salted or otherwise. See the note under the head of Provisions. Myrobalanes, viz. — 1 — Candied, imported directly from the place 026 0 14

of their growth, the lb. — not imported directly from the place O O CO 0 0 4

of their growth, the lb. — Dry, imported directly from the place of their growth, the cwt. - — not imported directly from the place of their growth, the cwt. Myrrh, imported directly from the place of its growth, 0 0 8 0 5 0 O IO O*0 \ 0 -

the lb. - -not imported directly from the place of its 0 0 8*0 0

growth, the lb. Myrtle Berries. See Berries. — Wax. See Bay Wax, in Wax. OI9 0X0

SCHEDULE (A.) — JNWARDS.

N

Napkining; See Linen.

Nardus Celtica, the cwt;

Natron, for every £.106 of tfye value Necklaces of Glass. See Bracelets.

Nest Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets, viz. Old Sidling Nets, fit only for making paper or pasteboard. See Rags.

Nicaragua Wobd. See Wood.

Nutmugs, viz.

- of the produce of, and imported from any British colony or plantation in America, the lb.

- imported under licence, the lb.

For the conditions, regulations, and restridHons Under which nutmegs may be so imported from any place, fee 3 and Anne, cap. 4. 8 Anne, cap. 7. 6 Geo. I. cap. 2r. See also 8 Geo. I. cap. 18. which is continued by several statutes, and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 29. further continued to the 29th September* 809, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

- Candied, the lb. -

- Oil of Sec Oil.

Nuts, viz.

- Cashew Nuts, for every £.100 of the value --Chesnuts, the bushel -

- Piftachia Nuts, imported directly from the place of

their growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the

place of their growth, the lb. --- Small Nuts, the bushel -

- Walnuts, the bushel -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

£.100 of the value

Nux Vomica, the lb.

O.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

- Boards. See Boards.

- Knees. Sec Knees of Oak, in Wood.

- Kb«r. } S" W"*-Oakum, the cwt.

Oars. See Wood.

8ST*

Vol. XLIV. V

Duty.* Drawback*

£. s. d. £. K d.

0 ir 10 062

20 0 0 15 0 0

022 0 1 10

034 0 1 10

Oil 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 0

020 0 I 3

O O' 002

0 0 10 006

016 008

010 005

35 0 0 25 0 0

006 002

O O 020

SCHEDULE (A!) — TOWARDS.

Oculi Cancrorum. Sec Cancrorum Oculi Oil, viz.

- of Almonds, the lta.

- of Amber or Spccinum, the lb.*-

--of Anniseed, the lb.

--of Bay, the cwf.

- of Cajaputa, the oz. troy -» -

- of Caraway, the lb.

--of Cassia, the oz. troy -'-

--of Castor, the lb.

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated, or described, for ev&yjT, iOQ of the value - - — of Cinnamon, the oz. troy

--of Cloves, the oz. troy.

--fist Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

--of Hempfeed, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- of Jellamine, the lb.

--of Juniper, the lb.

--of Linked, the tun, quantity 252 gallons

- of Mace, the oz. troy -

--of Marjoram, the lb.

- of Nutmegs, the ozf troy -

- of Oranges, the lb.

- Ordinary Oil of Olives imported in a British-built*ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- not imported in a British-

built ship, the tun, qua# tity 252 gallons -

--of Palm, the cwt, -

--Perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

--of Pine, for every £.100 of the value -'-

--of Rapeseed, the tun, quantity 252 gallons

*--- Reck Oil, the lb.

--of Rosemary, the lb.

--of Rosewood, the lb.^-

- Sallad Oil, imported in a British*built ship, the

gallon -

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the gallon -

- of Sassafras, the lb.

- Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described

the tun, quantity 252 gallons — of Spike, the lb.

--of Succinum. See Oil of Amber.

--of Thyme, clue lb.

Duty.'Drawback.

£ d. £. s d.

004 0 0 2

032 0 1 8

0 a 3 0 1 0

0 15 6 0 5 10

0 1 6 0 O' Id 0 090 O 4

016 0 0 9

Q 0 6 0 0 3

35 0 0 25 0 0

026 0 1 3

008 0 0 4 1

>5 15 02 12 0

0 2 0 0 1' 0

0 0 8 004

*8*1 6 2290

: 0 I 0 006

0*7 0 0 10

f» I 0 006

0 III 010

91*6 649

IO t 10 649

09c 048

020 OIO

3S 0 0 25 O O

28 11 6 229O

005 0 0 2

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 ii 6 0 3 4

0*6 0 I SI 1

027 0 in

014 Q 0 8

16 14 c 1 12 14 O

0 0 7 OO3

017 O 0-» O

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Doty.

Drawback.

Oil, Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland, of British

fishing, the tun', quantity 252 gallons -

- of any other fort, of British fishing, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — Spermaceti Oil, or Head matter,

- of British tithing, the tun, quantity

252 gallons -

- of Foreign fishing, the tun, quantity

252 gallon -

- Train Oil or Fish Oil, of British fishing, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — Train Oil or Blubber, or Fifn Oil, of foreign fishing, the tun, quantity 252 gallons For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which whale fins, oil or blubber of whale, seal oil, or any other produce of fish, or creatures taken or caught in any part of the ocean, by British subjects, usually refidrng in Great Britain or Ireland, or the* islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, may be admitted to entry, on payment of duty as of British fishing, See yi Geo. III. cap. 22. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which oif or blubber of fish, or creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and ihores of the island of^Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's subjects, carrying on the said fishery from the said island, and refuting the re* in, may be admitted to entry, on payment of duty as of British fishing, See the act to which this schedule is annexed.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which any person or persons, not exceeding forty families, not being fbbjedt or subjects of his Majesty, having been employed in carrying on the Southern whale fishery, and coming to the port of Milford intending to reside in Great Britain, for the purpose of continuing to carry oa^ such fishery from thence, may be permitted* under the authority of his Majesty in council, to enter, on payment of the same duty as of British fishing, the cargoes of twenty vessels so arriving from a fishing voyage, consisting of oil, head matter, and fins, or other parts of animals frequent-

043 0 10 6

220 22 1 o

0 15 9

21 o o

d.

H 14 O

14 o o

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Oil, continued.

ing the Tea; and also to enter any goods, fur* niture, and stock, which shall be necessary to their whaleing out-fit, and which shall be the property of the owner or owners of such ships, without payment Of duty. See 35 Geo. III. cap. 92. 38 Geo. III. cap. 57. continued by 42 Geo. III. cap. 114. until the 31st day of December 1805.

For the conditions, regulations* and restrjdions, under which the subjects and inhabitants of the United Provinces (now the Batavian re-publick) having been employed in carrying on the herring or other white fisheries, or the fisheries in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and cooling into Great Britain, with intent to reside therein and to carry on the said fisheries, may import oil or other produce of such fUheries, on payment of duty as of British fishing, and also to import and bring into Great Britain, all ships, tackle, and fur* niture, and all nets and other articles employed in such fisheries, and all household goods and wearing apparel, without payment of any duty, provided such*articles respectively are not imported by way of merchandize, fee 35 Geo. III. cap.56. revived and continued by 39 Geo. III. cap. 100. and by 42 Geo. III. cap. 79. again revived and continued until the 5th day of April, 1804.

- of Turpentine, the lb.

'--- of Vitriol, the lb. -

--Walnut Oil, the gallon -

--Whale Oil. See Train Oil. j

--not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -

Oil Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, the cwt.

Olibanum imported dirctfly from the place of its growth, the cwt.

- not imported directly from the place of

its growth, the cwt.

Olive Oil. See ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil.

*--- Wood. See Wood.

Olives, the gallon -

Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the bushel Open Tapes, See Tapes.

Duty. £ L d.

063 0 0 2

0 1 6

35 0 o 040

1 5 4 3 II 6

010

006

Drawback. £. j. d.

o o 1 016

25 0 0 026 o 14 0 220

006

3°Ql

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Opium, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

' — not imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

Opopanax Gum. See Gum.

Orange Flower Ointment, the lb.

- Water, the gallon -

Oranges, the 1000 -

- Oil of Sec Oil.

Orchal, the cwt.

Qrchelia or Archelia, the cwt.

Ordinary Oil of Olives. See Oil.

Ore, viz.

- Copper. See Copper.

- Gold. See Bullion.

- Iron. See Iron.

- Lead. Sec Lead.

1 — Silver. See Bullion.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum, the lb.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the e\vt.

Orris or Iris root, the cwt.

Orfedevv, the lb.

Ostrich Feathers. See Feathers.

SS.l8U»" Skins.

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair. See Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

- Hides. See Cow or Ox Hides, in Hides.

- Horns. See Horns.

Oxen. See Cattle.

See also the note under the head of Proviftyns. Oysters, the bushel -

P.

Pack Duck. See Drillings, in Linen.

Packing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread.

Pails or Kits of Wood, the dozen.*

Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters' colours, not otherwise enumerated, or described, the lb.

Paintings on glass for every £. 100 of the value oubje& also to a duty of excite.

Paling Bqards. See Boards in \Voo4.

Palm Oil, See Oil.

Duty. Drawback.

I- d- £. d.

4

O O 0 2 6

0 ia 6 6 N O

008 004

ot6 008

0 it 8 062

050

050

o o

35

20 o o

o o 0 17 o 17 o 0

o o

024

15 o o

O I

5 10

9

0

o 1 S

002 25 O Q

294 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c*68. [1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Panther Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper, viz.

- Brown paper, made of old rope or cordage only, without separating or extrafling the pitch or tar therefrom, and without any mixture or other materials therewith, the lb.

r — — Printed, painted, or stained paper, or paper hangings, the square yard -

- : Waste paper, or paper of any other fort, not

particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb.

Mill boards, the cwt.^-

- Paste Boards, the cwt.

Scale boards, the cwt.

Parchment, the dozen, quantity 12 sheets Paste Boards or Mill Boards. See Paper.

Paving Stones. See Stones.

- Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl A(bes. See Ashes.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.

Pearls, for everjr 100 of the value Pearl Shells, oce Mother of Pearl Shells,

Pears, the bushel -

- dried, the4Mift\eI

Pease. See Corn.

Pebble Stones.' 'See Stones.

Pellitory, the lb.

Pelts. See Skins.'

Pencils, for every £. Ioo of the value Pens, for every jt. 100 of the value Pepper, viz.

- Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

- Guinea Pepper, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb.

Perfumed Oil. See Oil.

Perry, the tun, quantity 252 gallons,

Subject also to a duty of excise,

Peruvianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, old, the cwt.

Pickles, of all forts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the gallon -

Piflure Frames, See Frames.

Piflures, viz.

- under two feet square, the piflure

- of two feet square, and under four feet square,

the piflure

Duty.

£ J*

Drawback.

£ d-

0 O 6

0 0 9

0 1 0

2 2 a

2 2 0

2 2 0

0 6 0

O 10 6 0 6 a

5 0 0

0 2 10

0 3 10

0 0 2 0 0 1

35 0 O 25 0 0

35 0 0 25 0 Q

0 2 6 0 1 6

0 0 4 0.0 2

0 0 4 0 0 2

10 10 0 7 7 0

07 6 0 12 6

0 1 6

2 2 0 \

4 4 c )

SCHEDULE (A.} — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Pictures, continued. — of four feet square or upwards, the picture Pig Iron.' See Iron. Pill Boxes. See Boxed. Pimento^viz. - — of the British plantations, thrlb.*- — not of the British plantations, the lb. Pine Oil. See Oil. 660 00 6 O 09£*0 O S 0 08

Pink Root, the lb. - - Piony or Peoni Seed. See Seed. Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood. Prftachia Nuts. See Nuts. Pitch, viz.*of the produce of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, the last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 0-0 4 0 0 2

31 \ gallons. - - — not of the produce of any of the dominions or \ plantations of the crown of Great Britain, last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel .0 1590 10 0

not exceeding 31 \ gallons last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel 0 17 4 0 11 2

not exceeding 31-; gallons 1 01! 0 0 112

Burgundy Pitch, the cwt. - -'0 79O' 4 2

Plaster of Paris, the cwt. - Plate, viz. - — Battered, fit only to be remanufadled. See Bullion. > — of Gold, the 0z. troy - - — of Silver Gilt, the oz. troy — Part Gilt, the oz. troy* — ungilr, the oz. troy Plate Glass. See Glass. 0»5 2 7 3 0 39036 026 OO9

Platters of Wood, the dozen - Platting, or other manufactures of Bast, Straw, Chip, 'Cane, or Horse Hair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, the lb. Plume Alum. See Alum. 0 1 0 036 0 o 9

Plumbs, dried the lb. -0 0 5 0 0 3

Polishing Rulhes, for every £. 100 of the value - — Stones. See Stones. 20 0 0 15 O O

Polypodium, the lb. - - - 002 OOI

Pomatum, for every £. too of the value*Pomegranates, the 1000 - - Peels of, the cwt* 35 ° 0 o i& o 089 25 O O

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Pomice Stones. See Stones. '

Porcelaine. See Chinn Ware.

Pork, whether fahed or otherwise.

See the note under the head of Provisions. Pot A/hes. See A/hes.

Potatoes, the cwt. - - r

See the note under the head of Provisions.

Pots, viz.

- Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100

- of Stone, for every £. joo of the value

Poultry. See the note under the head of Provisions. Powder, yiz.

- of Brass for Japanning, the lb.'r,

- Gunpowder. See in G.

- Hair roiyder. See in H.

- Sago Powder. See in S.

Precious Stones. See Emeralds*

Prints, viz.

- Paper Prints, plain, the pieOe -

—: -- — coloured, for every £.100 of the

value r

Printers* Ink. Sec Ink for Printers.

Provisions.

Note. — His Majesty is authorized to permit, by his order in council, the importation into Great Britain from any port or place in any British ship or vessel, or in any other ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, of any beans called kidney or French beans, tares, {entiles, cala-yanses, and other forts of pulse; and also bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, (beep, lambs, and swine, beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or otherwise, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, milet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, duty free, provided due entry be made; his Majesty is likewise authorised, in like manner, to recal such permission, either in part or in the whole, if circumstances shall seem so to require. See 39 Geo. III. cap. 87. continued by subsequent acts, syid by 43 Geo. III. cap. 12. further continued until the 1st January 1804.

Prunellae Sal. Sec Sal,

Prunelloes, the lb.

Duty.

£ s d.

O 12

O IO

50 o 0

033

O O IQ

35 o o

Drawback*

0 0 6 36 0

020

25 0 0

007002

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 297

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Prunes, the cwt. -

Pfyllium, the lb.

Puddings. See Sausages.

Pulse. See the note under the head of Provisions. Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water, in Water.

Qi

Quaflia Wood, See Lignum Quaflia.

Quebec. — For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which goods and' commodities of the growth or production of any of the countries bordering upon the province of Quebec, and legally brought by land, or inland navigation into that province, may be inported from thence into Great Britain, and charged with duty, or be exempt therefrom in like manner as if such goods and commodities were of the growth or production of Quebec, and imported directly from thence. See 30 Geo. III. cap. 29.

Ouerpitron or Black Oak Bark. Sec Bark.

Quern Stones. See Stones.

Quicksilver, the lb.

Quills, viz.

- Goose quills, the 1090 -

- Swan quills, the 1000

Quinces, the 100 -

Raccoon Skins. See Skins.

Radix, viz.

- Contrayervae, the lb.

- Enulse Campanae, the cwt.

- Eringii, the lb. -

- Ipecacoanhae, the lb.

- Senekae, the lb.

- Serpentariae or Snake-root, the lb.

Rag Stones. See Stones.

Rags old, old ropes or junk, or old fHhing nets, fit only for making paper or pasteboard, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

Raisins, viz.

- Belvedere Raisins, imported in a. Britishv-built ship, the cwt.

1 ..pot imported in a British-buik

ftizp, the cwt.

Duty. Drawback.

£ £ s d*

° 16 3 083

002 OOI

0 1 0 O O

0 0 10 005

0 6 10 O l X

024

009 004

080 042

002 0 0

022 0 1 1

004 002

0 10 006

0 15 9

0 13 2 090

0 13 4 090.

SCHEDULE (A.', — INWARDS.

Raisins, continued.

--Denia raisins, imported in a British-built ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

ship, the cwt.

- Faro raisins, imported in a British-built ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

thip, the cwt.

- Lexia raisins, imported in a British-built ship,

the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

ship, the cwt.

- Lipari raisins, imported in a British-built ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

ship, the cwt.

- Smyrna raisins, imported in a British-built ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

ship, the cwt.

--of the Sun, imported in a British-built ship, the

x cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

ship, the cwt.

-not otherwise enumerated or described.

cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

ship, the cwt.

Rape Cakes, the cwt.

- Seed. See Seed.

- Seed Oil. See Oil.

- of Grapes, the tun, quantity 252 gallons.

Ratafia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans. See Canes.,

Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn.

- Silk. See Silk.

Red Wood. See Wood.

- Wool. See Wool.

Reed Cane?. See Canes.

Rennet, the gallon -

Resina Jalappae, the lb.

Rhinehurst, the cwt.

Rhodium Lignum. See Rosewood, in Wood. Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, the cwt.

Duty. Drawback*

£' s' d. £ S. d.

0 12 0 08 I

O 12 2 081

0 IJ 2 090

03 4 090

0 13 8 P90

0 13 10 090

0 13 2, 090

0 13 4 090

0 15 6 0 11 5

0 15 10 Oil 5

i 6 3 0 18 19

OO sO 0 18 10

O 12 0 0 8 x

O 12 2 081

O I O 6 l6 6 4 4 0

OO3 002

0 4 0 > 0 2 1

O79 042

O 2 i; Q 1 O

' 0 4 8 O40

Rice, of the growth and production of any of the 6ritish plantation in America, imported into the ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Pool, Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich, and Glasgow, and the members thereunto belonging, and into the ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaf-ter, and Whitehaven for the purpose of exportation, the cwt.

For the conditions, regulations and restrictions under which such rice may be so imported, and the remaining duties thereon secured by bond of the importer, fee 5 Geo. III. cap. 45. 12 Geo. III. cap. 60. See also the note under the head of Provisions.

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Moss. See Moss.

- Oil. See Oil.

Romanum Vitriolum. See Vitriolum Romanum.

Ropes of Bast. See Bast Ropes.

- new. See Cordage.

- old. See Rags.

Rose Copper, See Copper.

- Leaves. See Leaves.

Rosemary Oil of 7 c 0 ,

Rose wood Oil of Jbce Uii*

Rosin or Colophonia, of the produce of any of the dominions or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, the cwt.

- not of the produce of any of the dominions or

plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, — imported in a British-built ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the cwt.

Round Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Emeralds.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rye. See Corn.

Duty. Drawback.

£. 1. d. £. 1. d.

008

o 2

O 2 10 O 2 1 0 3 0 0 2 1

S.

Sable Skin*. See Skins. Sacchariim Saturni, the lb. Safflower, "the cwt.

Saffron, the lb.

Sagapentun Gum. See Gum.

o o o 5 o 4

4002

o

o 0 t 8

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sago, the lb. r -

See the note under the head of Provisions. r — Powder, for every £. jpo of the value.

See the note under the head of Provisions.

Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck. See Sail Cloth, ip Linen. Sails. See Linen.

Sal, viz.

- Ammoniacus, the lb, «r

- Gem, the cwt. T -

? — - Limonum, or Acetofella, the lb«

- Prunelias, the lb.

- Succini, the lb.

Salep or Salop, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place of

its growth, the lb. r -

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Salt, imported in a British-bpilt (faip, the wey, quantity 40 bushels, each buftiel quantity 56 lbs. r — not imported in a British-built ship, the wey, quantity 4obq(hels, each bushel quantity 56 lbs.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which the importer or proprietor of any foreign salt may give bond for the payment of the duties of customs, within 12 calendar months, and which bond may be cancelled on the exportation of such salt within that period, See 26 Geo. III. cap. 26.

]n case the full duties of customs on such salt shall have been paid at or before the expiration of the said 12 calendar months, and such salt shall be afterwards exported, the whole of the said duties shall be drawn back. See 26 Geo. III. cap. 26.

Salt isalfo subject to a duty of excise.

Saltpetre, the cwt. -

Sand Boxes. See Boxes.

Sandrake Gum. See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- 1 - not imported directly from the place of

its growth, the lb.

Saphora, for every £. 100 of the value Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.

Sark, Island of See Guernsey.

Sarsaparilla, the lb.

Sassafras, the cwt.

Duty.

£ 5. d.

00+1

35 P o

048 0 2 6 o o X

9 1 6 o o 6

0 I o

050

056

P Q 3

o o 10

o 26

20 o p

Q9o

034

Drawback.

i£ d.

o O 2

25 p o

or.

q 6 2 o o 9

O P 2

o p 6

q 3

036

0 0 6

0 1459O

006

017

1803.] Anno icghi quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 301

Duty. Drawback,

£.X. d. £ X. JL

O 2 4 0 0 2

o 0 4

o 0 6

o 3 6 0 I 8

o90 0 5 o

o 1 3 ° 0 IO

35 0 o 25 0 o

o I 0 0 0 7

o o 3 ! o 0 2

I 79I 1 1 8

I I 0 04 7

o 6 3 o 3 4

0 0 3 ! 0 0 2

o 590 2 6

0 16 8 0 12 9

0 590 2 ir

096 0 4 it

o 0 4 0 o 2

0 0 2 o o I

o 4 6 o 2 3

o o 3

o o 4

0 0 3 o O i

0 io 8 092

0 0 5

° i 0 3

0 6 o 0 2 6

0 19 6 o4 o

o 5 6 0 4 o

Q 3 0 b 2 o

I 4 6 0 15 8

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sassafras, continued.

- Oil of See Oil.

Saqnders, viz.

- 'Red, thecwt.

- " White or Yellow, the lb.

Sausages or puddings, the lb.

Scale Boards. See Paper.

Scammony, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place of its

growth, the }b.

Scoops of Wood, the dozen -

Scratch Brushes, for every £. ioo of the value Sculptured Marble. See Stones.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the lb. Sealing Wax. See Wax.

Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- Skins. See Skins.

Seed, viz.

- Ammi Seed, the lb.

- Aniseed, the cwt.

- Canary Seed, the cwt.

- Caraway Seed, the cwt.

- Carthamus Seed, the lb.

- Clover Seed, the cwt.

- r- Cole Seed, the quarter, quantity 8 bushels

- Coriander Seed, the cwt.

- Cummin Seed, the cwt.

- Daucus or Carrot Seed, the lb.

- Fennel Seed, the lb. -

- Fenugreek Seed, the cwt.

- Flax Seed, the bushel

- Furze Seed, the cwt. -

- Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly

enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb.

- Hemp Seed, the quarter, quantity 8 bushels

of the produce of and imported from the British colonies or plantations*in America, the quarter, quantity

8 bushels -

- Linseed, the bushel Lucerne Seed, the cwt.

- Maw Seed, the cwt.

Millet Seed, the cwt.

See the note under the head of Provisions.

Mustard Seed, the cwt.

Onion Seed, the cwt.

Seed, continued.

- Piony or Peoni Seed, the lb.

- Rape Seed, the quarter, quantity 8 bushels

- and all other feed commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom (whenever the price of middling British rape seed shall be^.at or above ^.17. 105. per fast) such feed being of the growth cf any of the colonies, plantations, or provinces, belonging to his Majesty, in North America, and imported from thence, the last, quantity 10 quarters, each quarter, quantity 8 busheis -

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which such feed may be Co imported, on payment of the last mentioned duty. See 15 Geo. III. cap. 34. 30 Geo. III. cap. 41.

- Rape feed, and all other feed commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom

{whenever the price of middling British rape eed, shall be at or above £. 20 per last) imported from any country whatever, the last, quantity 10 quarters, each quarter, quantity 8 bushels - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which such feed may be so imported, on payment of the last mentioned duty. See 15 Geo. III. cap. 34. 50 Geo. III. cap. 41. Se^ alfo35 Geo. III. cap. 117. which is contintied by several statutes, and by 39 Geo. III. cap. 38. further cpn-tinued until the 24th June 1804.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which rape seed may be secured in warehouses, without payment of duty. See 30 Geo. III. cap. 41. See also 35 Geo. III. cap. 117. which is continued by several statutes, and by 39 Geo. III. cap. 38. further continued until the jft January 1804.

- Worm Seed imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.

- not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. ico of the value -

Seed-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

A-d.

002 o 16'0

026

026

£. i. d. O 0 I 0 12 9

o o 8 o o- 4

i -

0 I9O I 0

35 o 0 25 0

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 3

SCHEDULE (A.)-INW ARDS. Dutjr. Drawback.

i X. d. j C- S. do

Seed OH, 8ee Oil.

Seaa, imported directly from the place of its growth,

the Hj. - O' 0 0 004

- not imported directly from the place its growth, the Ibu - - 0 I 10 0 I 0

Senega Gum. See Gum. Senekae Radix. Ic Serpentarhe Radix. jScc Rad, x' Serpentine Powder. Se£ Gun Powder. Shaven Latten. See Latten. n Shaving for Hats. See Platting. )

Sheep. See Cattle.

See also the note under the head of Provisions. Sheep's SkinsA See Skins. — Guts dried to make whips, the gross, quantity 12 dozen 0 0 00 OO5

Shellac. See Lac, in Gum. Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M. Ships with their tackle, apparel, and furniture (except fails) for every £.100 of the value 10 0 0

- Tonnage duty thereon. See Table No. 3. at the '

end of this schedule.

Shovels of wood, unihod, the dozen - 0 3 4 0 2 6

Shruff or old brass, fit only to be remanufactured, the ewe. --- r 0 17 3 0 11 q

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt. - 0 0 10

Silk, viz. Knubs or hulks of silk, the lb. quantity 16 oz. - 0 1 10 0 i t

- Organzine, and all thrown silk in the gum, the lb. quantity 16 oz. - 090 0 6

- Raw-silk, the lb. quantity 16 oz. 0 4.0 -0 2 c

- Thrown silk dyed, the lb. quantity 16 oz. 180 1 1

Waste lilk, not otherwise enumerated or defer ibed, the lb. quantity 16 oz. 0 1 10 ' 0 1 j

- Wrought Silk, viz.

- Crapes or taffanies of the manufacture of Italy, imported directly from thence.

the lb. quantity 16 of..1180

Worm gut, for every ^.100 of the value - - 35 0 0 > 25 0

Silver Coin. See Bullion. Plate. See Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex. Singing Birds. See Birds. Sifters Thread. See Thread.

Skates for Aiding, for every £. too of the value 35 0 < 5 25 0

Skeeu for Whitfters, the fkeet - 1 0 0 i f' 0 0

Skins and Furs, viz.

--Badger skins, undressed, the skin

- Bear skins, undressed, the skin*

- Beaver lkins, undreffect, the (kin

- 1----- — of the produce of ^nd imported from

any of his Majesty's dominions in America* the skin

- Buck or Deer skins. See Deer, in Skins.

--Calabar. See Squirrel Skins, in Skins.

- Calve skins in the hair not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built ship, the dozen skins

v not imported in a British-built ship,

the dozen skins --- — tanned, the lb. -

- Catfkins* undressed, the skin

--Coney skins, undressed, the dozen skins

- Cordivants dressed, viz.

- of Spain, the dozen -

- of Turkey, the dozen

- Deer skins, undressed, the skin -

Indian half dressed or shaved, the skin

- Dog skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed,

- imported in a British-'built ship, the dozen skins

- not imported in a British-built ship,

the dozen skins -

- Dogfish skins, undressed, the dozen skins»

- Elk skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built ship, the skin — not imported in a British-built ship, the

skin -

--Ermine skins, undressed, the skin -

- Fisher skins, undressed, the skin

- Fitches skins, undressed, the skin -

--Fox skins, undressed, the skin

- Tails, for every £.100 of the value - Goat skins, viz.

-r----- — raw or undressed, imported in a British-built ship, the dozen skins

- : not imported in a

British-built ship, the dozen lkins -

- tanned, the dozen skins

O

o

o

o

o'

O

o

35

s % d»

0 10

7 6

1 o

003

o 1

o

o

o

0

2

o

o

4 a o 6 o 6 o 6

6 o o © o 4 0 4

006

3 3 3

007

1

0

1 o o o

018

792 o

I- S. d.

006

050

o i 6

004

0 o 3

1 5 I

O76

O' X9o 1 9

003 o 1 3 o 0 1

004 25 0 0

050 0 15 0

1863] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 305

SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.

Skins, continued.

--Hare (kips, undressed, the 100 skins

- Hufle skins, undressed* the (kin

- Kid skins in the hair, the 100 skins - dressed, the 100 skins

--Lamb skins, undressed in the wool, the 10c skins

- dressed in alum, salt, or meal, the

IOO skins -

- dressed in oil, the ]Oo skins

- Slink, undressed in the wool* the 100

- Leopard skins, undressed, the (kin

- Lion skins, undressed, the (kin

- Martin skins, undressed, the (kin ----- r Tails, undressed, the 100 tails

- Mink skins, undressed, the (kin

- dressed, the (kin -

- Mole skins, undressed* the dozen skins

- Mufqualh skins, undressed, the 100 skins

- Otter skins, undressed, the (kin -

- Ounce skins, undressed, the (kin

- Panther skins, undressed, the (kin

- Pelts of goats, undressed, the dozen pelts

- dressed, the dozen pelts

- of all other forts, undressed, the 100 pelts

--Raccoon skins, undressed, the 100 skins -

--Sable skins, undressed, the (kin -

- Tails or tips of fable, undressed, the piece

--Seal skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built ship, the (kin — not imported in a British-built ship, the (kin -

- cured with foreign salt, and imported in a

British-built ship, the (kin For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which such skins may be so imported, upon payment of the said duty. See 31 Geo. III. cap. 26. 32 Geo. III. cap. 36. continued by 39 Geo. III. cap. 38. until the 24th June I 04.

- Sheep (kin's undressed in the wool, the dozen skins

- dressed in oil or otherwise, or tanned

or tawed, the dozen jQcins

- Squirrel or Calabar skins, undressed, the ICO skins

- tawed, the 100 skins -

- 1 — Tails, for every £.100 of the

value -

Vol. XLIV, X

Duty.

0.1 4

05 fc 070 o 10 6

35 o c

Drawback.

£ s. d. £ u d.

0 3 4 0 0 8

0 3 0 0 2

0 1 0

I 11 6 0 II 3

0 S90 2 I

09 2 0 s 10

2 11 0 I I 8

0 1 10 0 I I

O 890 6 3

0 3 6 0 2 6

O 1 6 0 I 3

0 10 0 0 8 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 1 2 0 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

07 6 0 12 6

0 2 0 0 I 6

0 4 6 0 3 2

0 7 2 0 5 0

0 190 I 3

0 3 6 0 2 .0

0 JO 6 0 7 6

r 5 0 0 12 6

0 5 c 0 3 9

0 090 0 6

0 0 2

0 090 0 5

0 0 2

OO9

0 2 6 .042 05 O

25 O Q

£6$ Amk> regai qjuadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.

Skins, continued.

- Swan skins, undressed, the (kin -

- Tyger skins, undressed, the (kin - — Weasel skins, undressed, the 100 skins ' -

- Wolf skins, undressed, the (kin -

- tawed, the (kin -

- Wolverings, undressed, the (kin

- and furs, or pieces of skins and furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with duty as such, for every £. 100 of the value -

--and furs, or pieces of skins and furs, tanned,

tawed, or in any way dsessed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such, for every £.100 of the value Slates. See Stones.

Slate Pencils, for every £ iOO of the value — 7 Tables of 1 Slates, irv Frames. > See Stones.

Slick Stones. )

Smalts, the Jb.

Smyrna Raisins. See Raiflns.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentarise.

Snuff, viz.

- imported from the British plantations in America, or from the Spanish West Indies, the lb. imported from any other place, the lb.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which snuff may be secured in warehouses, without payment of duty, until delivered out of such warehouse 'for home trade or consumption in Great Britain, See 29 Geo. III. cap. 68.

Snuff is subject also to a duty of excise.

Snuff Boxes. Set Boxes.

Soap, viz.

--Ashes. See Athes.

--Hard, the cwt.* -

--Soft, the cwt.

Soapers* waste, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Sour Crout. See the note under the head of Provisions. Spa Ware, for every/. 100 of the value

See Mineral Water, in Water.

jr. 1. i. 014 o 4,

0 3

0 7.

o 10

0 4

Water. Spinish Linen. ----- Wool.

See Linen. See Wool,

Speckled Wood. } Sce Wood'

35»o

90 0 o

35 0 ©

o 0 5

o o 8 o 1 o

2 11 2 3 0 2 0

35 o 0

[18a*.

Drawback.

£. t. L o o 10 026 dog o 59 076 0.3

25 0 0

25 0 0 25 o 0

004

25 0 0

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 307

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback*

£ t. i. £. 1. d.

Spelter, the cwt. Spermaceti, vis. Candles. See Candles* Oil, Seo Train Oil, in Oil. Spike, Oil of Sec Oil. 0 17 6 0 0 10 0 12 6 006

Spikenard, the lb. Spirits, vis. 018 010

- Arquebusade, the gallon - — Brandy, the gallon - Citron Water, the gallon — t Cordial Water or strong Water, not otherwise ° 3 4 Oil 066 026 008 050

enumerated or described, the gallon - 034 026

Geneva, the gallon - 010 008

- »- Hungary Water, the gallon 034 026

Lavender Water, the gallon — - Rum, of the produce of any British colony or 0.3 4 026

plantation in America, the gallon 008 005

- 1 — of any other fort, the gallon 0 0 10 0 0 < 6

Uftjuebaugh, the gallon - - - of the produce of the settlement of the Cape of < Good Hope, its territories or dependencies. 0 3 4 026

th^gallon - -not particularly enumerated or described, or 0 0 00 0 0 Ml

other WUe charged with duty, the gallon Spirits are subject also to a duty of excise. Spokes for Wheels. See Wood. Sponge, imported direct, from the place of its growth, 034 026

the lb. not imported directly from the place of its 0 12 006

v growth, the lb.*Spouts of Wood, for every £.100 of the value Spruce Beer* See Beer. Essence of See Eilence. — Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen. O 2 IO 016

35 0 0 25 0 0

Squills, the cwt. - Squinanthum, imported dieefliy from the place of its 0.3 0 018

growth, the lb. 005 003

its growth, the lb. Squirrel Skins. See Skins. Stag Horns. See Horns. Stained Paper. See Paper, Starch, the cwt. S'SOSit m, rbl« or «.« 1 Ma<1, le- Ijulpiuicd. J xa 013 5 17 6 009

308 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Statues, continued. — of any other fort, for every £.100 of the value £. 1. d. 35 0 0 £. s. d. 25 O O

Stavcsacre, the cwt. Staves. See Wood* Steel, viz. 0 14 4 0 s 10

- Gad Steel, the cwt. - 2119 20 8

Long Steel, the cwt. - 0 15 10 0 12 0

- Wisp Steel, the cwt. - Stibium. See Antimonium Preparatum. Stick-lac. See Lac, in Gum. 0 16 0 0120

Sticks, viz. Walking Sticks, for every £. 100 of the value Stock Fish, the 120 - % Stockings, viz. 35 0 0 026 25 0 0

- of Cotton, for every £.100 of the value — 1 — of Thread or Worsted, for every £. 100 of the 52 0 0 41 10 0

value Stone Bottles. See Bottles. v Stones, viz.'35 0 0 25 0 0

Burrs for mill stones* the 100, quantity 5 score See the note under the head of Guernsey*«Dog Stones, not exceeding feet in diameter, above 6 and under 12 inches in thickness. O O 0100

the pair - 3 5° 2 10 0 008

- Emery Stones, the cwt* 01 0

Filtering Stones, for every £.100 of the value Flint Stones forpotters, the ton, quantity 20cwt. — Grave Stones of marble polished, the foot 35 0 0 0 1 3 25 0 0

square superficial measure square superficial 012 002

measure lifted the foot square superficial 0 0001

measure - - 003 001

Lime Stone, for every £.100 of the value Marble Basons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished marble (except grave stones and paving stones polifted) the foot square fupet- 20 0 0 15 0 0

' ficial measure -.- 016 0 0 10

Marble Blocks, the solid foot v — BulH. } See Sculp- Chimney Pieces sculptured. Mured Mar- Statues. j ble. Marble Paving Stones polished, the foot square 0 3 4 0 1 10

superficial measure rough, the foot squar* superficial measure O O 00 2

O O OO 001

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 309

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Stones, continued.

- Mill Stones, above feet in diameter, or if 12

inches in thickness or upwards, the pair

- Paving Stones not of Marble, the 100 feet

square superficial measure

See the note under the head of Guernsey.

- Pebble Stones, the ton, quantity 20 cwr,

--PoJishing Stones, for every £.100 of the value

- Pomice Stones, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

- Quern Stones, under 3 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness, the pair

- 3 feet in diameter, and not

above feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thickness, the pair ----- Rag Stones, for every £.100 of the value

- Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the lb.

Note, — By the 41 Geo. III. cap. 89., if any statue, group of figures, or other stone or marble ornament, carved out of the same block, shall exceed ton weight, the duty to be charged thereon, shall be estimated at the rate payable for ton weight, and no more,

- Slate of the produce of the islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those islands respectively* for every £. too of the value -

of any other country not otherwise enu-r merated or described, for every, £.100 of the value -

Slates in frames, the dozen -

- Slick Stones, the 100 -

- Statuary. See Sculptured Marble.

- Stone of the produce of the islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those islands cefpedliyely, for every £. 100 -of the value - For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ion?, under which burr {tones, and fiones used for the purpose of paving or amending roads, being the produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, may be imported duty free, See 42 Geo. III. cap. 95.

" — " of any other country, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 1 pq of the value " Scone sculptqred. See Sculptured Marble,

Duty. Drawback.

£>*d.

600 3 18 0

O O' O 026

0 >7 0 050

20 0 0 15 0 0

1 0 0 028

046 O e* O

090 060

20 0 0 15 0 0

0 0 3

22 o o

35

o

o

o o

4

4 2

22 0 o

35 o o

25 o o

O O IO

030

25 o o

by '

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS.

Stones, continued.

- Whetstones, the iOO -

Slora^, $r Sty rax, viz.

- Calamita or Liquid imported directly from the place of iu growth, the lb.

not imported directly from die place of its growth, the lb.

- in the Tear or Gusti, imported diretfly from v - the place of its growth,

the lb.

.. not imported direct,

from the place of its growth, the lb.

Straw Hats br Bonnets. See Hats, r — Platting. See Platting.

Stuffs of all forts, made of or mixed with wool, the yard -

Sturgeon, the keg not exceeding 5 gallops ? Succades, the lb.

Succini Sal. See SaU

Succus Liquoritix, or Liquorice Juice, the cwt,

Sugar, viz.

--not of the British plantations, viz.

- ' White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictioftt, nder which sugar not of the British plantations mary, on importation into the ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Glasgow, of Leith, be warehoused without payment of duty. See 12 Geo. III. cap. 43.

when takefi out of such warehouse to be used irt Great Britain,

- *--- — if While or Clayed Sugar, the cwt

- if Brown or Muscovado fogar, the

cwt.

- from any British cotohy or plantation on the continent of America, vito.

- On importation, to be warehoused,

theew*.

For the conditions, regulations, and TefrricKons, under which so<rh sugar may, on importation, be warehoused, See 6 Geo. III. cbp. 52*

- when taken out bf such vrarehdufe to bp used in Great Britain,

Duty.

Drawback.

046

098

o*6

050 o 10 0

o v o

0 + 4 010

009

1 H 6

2 16 o

*7 4

2 16 o 1 17 4

003

0 3 3

O Q 4 O08 O 2

050

o 4 10 007 00$

220

189

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar, continued.

- iF White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- if Brown or Mofcovado Sugar, the

v cwt.

See also the head of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in G.

- of the British plantations, viz.

White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt.

Drawback.

- if the average price of Brown or Mufco-

vado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 35s. the cwt.

- if it shall exceed 25s. and not exceed 40;

the cwt.

- 4OJ. and not exceed 58*. ditto.

- 58*. and not exceed 60l.

- 6ox. and not exceed 62*.

- (t>2s. and not exceed 64*.

- 64X. and not exceed 66 j. —

- 66x. and not exceed 68x. —

68x. and not exceed 70*. —

- if it shall exceed 70s. the cwt. no drawback to be allowed.

All the above prices are to be taken exchifive Of the duties of customs paid or payable on the importation of such sugar.

Oft the exportation of any such sugar from Great Britain, in any other than a British ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, there shall be paid or allowed one shilling less drawback for every hundred weight thereof, than if the same had been exported in a British ship or vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered, for the rules, regulations, and reAti&ions, under which the drawback on British plantation fugjfr is so be allowed, See 43 Geo. III. cap. 11. which adfc is to continue in force for the port of London, until the 5th of January 1804, and for the other parts of Great Britain, until the jth of January 1804.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which the of of the n customs in England and Scotland respect lively, are authorised to take bonds for the

Duty. Drawback.

£'£ s. tft

2 16 O

I 17 4

3 4

1 00

I 2 otheewt,

- I f 0 ditto.

IOO ditto.

O 18 0 ditto.

_.O 16 0 ditto.

_ O 14 0 ditto.

012 0 ditto.

0 IO 0 ditto.

f — 080 ditto.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar, continued.

payment of the duties on British plantation sugar. See 29 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 48. 41 Geo. II f. cap. 44. amended and continued by 42 Geo. III. cap. 47. and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 44. further continued until the 25th day of March 1804.

- All refined sugar, the cwt..-

Note. — The duties on sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force until the 25th day of March 1804, and no longer. See the act to which this schedule is annexed.

Sugar Candy, viz.

- Brown, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Sulpher Impressions, for every £.100 of the value - - — Vivum, the cwt.

Sun, Raisins of the See Raisins

Swan Quills. See Quills.

- Skins. See Skins.

Sweep-walhers* Dirt containing bullion. See Bullion.

Sweet Wood. See Wood.

Swine. See Cattle. Set also the note under the head of Provisions.

Syrup of Alkermes. See Alkermes.

T.

Duty. I Drawback. - a

£ '*

£ s.i.

s 12 O

310 O 5 12 o

35 o o

o 8 8

*5

o o 6 6

Tables of Marble polished. See Marble, in Stones. — - — of Slate. See Stones.

Tacamahaca Gum. See Gum.

TJc, the lb.

Tallow, the cwt. -

- r Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tanners* Waste, for every £.100 of the value

Tapes, viz.

Open, for every £, 100 of the value Worsted, for every jC. 100 of the value Tapestry, not of iilk, for every £100 of the value Tapioca, the lb.

See the note under the head of Provisions.

Tar, viz.

of the produce of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, the last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -

Not being the produce of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain,

003 o 1 10

002

003002 20 o o 15 o o

35 o 35 o 35 o o o

25 o 25 o 25 Q

O O

O

o

o

2

O 12 o

0 7

3

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 313

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback*

Tar, continued.'imported in a British-built ship, the last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel -not exceeding 31^ £ d. d.

gallons - — not imported in a British-built ship, the last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 0 M 3 o 8 4

gallons - 0 14 0 084

Barbadoes Tar, the H>. 002 O Q I

Tares, for every £>ioo of the value See the note under the head of Provisions. 20 0 0 «s 0 0

Tarras, the bushel - Tartar, Cream of See Cream of Tartar. Tea imported from Europe under licence, for evdiry 009 005

£. 1OO of the value - - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictiofts under which, tea may be so imported, See 18 Geo. II. cap. 26. 6 Geo. III. cap. 13. 16 Geo. III. cap. 51. Subject also to a duty of excise. Teafels, the 1000 - 500 0 ji 0 35 0 0 500

Telescopes, for every £.100 of the value Terra, vip. 25 0 0

Taponica, the lb. - 005 003

- Sienna, the cwt. - - 0150 0 10 0

- Umbra, the cwt. - - - Verde, the cwt. - 056 076 030

Thermometers, for every ^.ico of the value Thread, viz. — Bruges Thread, the dozen lbs. Outnal Thread, the dozen lbs. — - Pack Thread, the cwt. - — Sifters' Thread, the lb. - — Whited-brown Thread, the dozen lbs.* — not otherwise enumerated or described, for 35 0 0 018952 0 0 1 26 0189050 126 25 0 0 089 41 10 0 0 16 2 0 2 6 0 15 8

every £.100 of the value Thrown Silk. See Organzine Silk, in Silk. Thyme, Oil of See Oil. 35 0 0 25/0 0

Tieking, for every £.100 of the value 35 0 0 25 0 0

Ticks, for every £.100 of the value Tiffanies. See Silk wrought, in Silk. Tiles, viz. 35 0 0 25 0 0

- Flanders Tiles, the 1000 - 0179 oil 2

- Galley Tiles, the foot square - 004 003

Pan Tiles, the 1000 — Paving Tiles not exceeding 10 inches square, 364 2 8 10

the 1000'- 2 5 10 i 8 3

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Tiles, continued.

--Paving Tiles exceeding 10 inches square, the 1000

- Plain Tiles, or any tiles not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value Timber. See Wood.

Tin, the cwt. -

Tincal. See Borax unrefined.

Tin-Foil, for every £.100 of the value v Tobacco, viz.

- j — of the growth, production, pr manufacture of any of the plantation* or dominions of Spain or Portugal, the lb. r 1 For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such tobacco may be secured in warehouses, without payment of duty, until delivered for home trade, consumption, or manufacture in Great Britain, Sec 29 Geo. III. cap 68. 31 Geo. III. cap. 47. and 33 Geo JI1. cap. 57.

- of the growth or production of any of the

territories or dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkirti empire, the lb. —

For the conditions, regulations, and re-Itrictions under which such tobacco may be secured in warehouses without payment of dgty until delivered for home trade, consumption, or manufacture in Great Britain, See 37 Geo.

III. cap. 97. and the act to which this ichedule is annexed.

Duty. Drawback*

£ s' 34 O 249

50 0 0 36 0

370 1

0 0 m co 15 Q 0

O16

Drawback.

having been delivered out of the warehouse for home trade, consumption, or manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to law, into short-cut tobacco, shag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, and exported, the lb.

of the growth or production of any of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, the lb. - -f

For the conditions, regulations, and redactions under which such tobacco Inay be secured in warehouses, with-put payment of duty, until delivered for home trade, consumption, of

o 0

006

6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Tobacco* continued. manufacture m Great Britain, See 29 Geo. III. cap. 68. ti Geo. III. cap. 47. and 33 Geo. III. Cap. 57.*Drawback. for home trade, consumption, or manufacture in Great Britain, and afterwards manufactured according to law, into short-cut tobacco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco, or 2S £. s. J.

carrot tobacco, and exported, the lb. Tobacco is subject also to a duty of excise. 006

Tobacco Pipes, for every ^.ioq of the value Tongues, viz. t — — Neats' Tongues, the dozen — Rein Deer longues, for every £. 100 of the 50 0 0 0 1 4 36 11 0

valu- See the note under the head of Provisions. Tonnage Duty on ships, or vessels entering inwards {except in ballast) in any port of Great Britain, from foreign parts. See Table, No. 3. at the end of this schedule. 35 © 0 25 0 0

Tooth, Powder, for every £. 100 of the value Tornfal or Turnsole, the cwt. - - 35 O 0 060 25 0 0

Tortoise-(hell, the lb. -.- - «r 0 1 10 0 1 i

Touch Stones, for every £. 100 of the value 35 0 0 25 o 0

Tow, the cwt. - - - -rtr of Muscovy or Russia, not imported in a British- 039 036

built ship, the cwt. - 040 026

Toys, for every £.100 of the value Tragacanth Quin. See Gum, Train Oil. See Oil. 40 0 0 30 0 0

Trays of wood, the ck>zen - 0 1 _o O O Q

Treacle of Venice, the lb. - w Tfee Nails. See Trynnels. oxo 0*0

Trenches crF wood, the gross, quantity 12 dozen o*r 0 0 to

TruiHes, the lb.'- 029 0 2 0

Trunnels or Tree Nails, the 1000 046 O 2, 6

Tubes For smoking, for every £.100 of the value 35 0 0 2S O O

Tubs of wood, for every £. 100 of the value Turbith, imported directly frotn the place of its 35 0 05 0 8

growth, the lb. not imported direCUy from the place of its 014 008

growth, the lb,- Turbots. Duty free. O 3 !0 0 2 e

Turmeric, the lb. Turnery, not otherwise enumerated or deferihed, for Q 3 002

every £, 100 of the value 35 ? 0 25 0 0

SCHEDULE (A,) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Turpentine, viz. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Common, the cwt. -'- - - — of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb. — of Germany, or any other place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the 026 005 0 16 0 0 3

cwt. Oil of See Oil. Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis. Twine, the cwt. - - Twist for Bandftring'. See Bandftring Twist. Tyger Skins. See Skins. V. Vaionia, the cwt, / 0 16 2 0 1890 0 11 086

Varnish, the cwt. Vases, viz. - of stone or marble sculptured. See Sculptured Matble, in Stones. 0 10 6 0 6

- of any other fort, for every jT. ioo of the value Veal, whether failed or otherwise. See the note under the head of Provisions. t Vellum, the skin Velves. See Calves Velves. Verdegris, viz, — common, the lb. crystalized, the lb. - Verjuice. See Vinegar. 35 0 0 040 604 0 1 3 25 0 0

Vermicelli, the lb. - Sec the note under the head of Provisions. 0 0 3 0, 0 2

Vermilion or Cinnabar, the lb. -lifers. See Wood. 012 006

Vinegar or Verjuice, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - 37 16 0 7 »7 6

Vinelloes, the lb. Vk)let Leaves. See Leaves. Vitriol, Oil of See Oil. Vitrioluro Romanum, imported directly from the place 0 10 0 076

of its growth, the lb. - 0 °- 3 002 1

place of its growth, the lb. - 008 004

Umber, the cwt. Vomica Nux. See Nux Vomica. Usquebaugh. See Spirits. Vulture leathers. See Feathers. W. 056 .03° -

Wafers, the Jb. - - Wainscot Boards. See Boards, in Wood. — Logs. See Wood. 008 O O

r. tS \.J

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Walking Canes. See Canes.

- Sticks. See Sticks.

Walnut Oil. See Oil.

Walnuts. See Nuts.

Washing Balls. See Balls.

Wade Silk. See Silk.

Watch Glasses, for every £.100 of the value Subject also to a duty of excise.

Watches of gold, silver, or other metal, for every £.100 of the value -

Water, viz.

- Arquebusade.

- Citron.

- Cordial.

- Hungary.

- Lavendar.

- Mineral or natural Water, the dozen bottles

or flasks, each bottle or flask not exceeding three pints -

- Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. Wax, viz.

- Bay or Myrtle Wax, the lb. - — Bees Wax unmanufactured, the cwt.

white or manufactured, the cwt,

- hard Wax, the lb.

- Sealing Wax, for every £. icO of the value -

- Candles. See Candles.

Weasel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Allies, See Ashes.

Weld, the cwt.

Whale Fins, of foreign fishing, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. — p* — of Britisfh fishing, the ton, quantity 20cwt. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which whale fins may be admitted to entry, as of British fishing, See the several acts referred to under the head of Oil.

Whale Oil. See Oil, in Oil.

Wheat. See Corn.

- Flour. See Corn.

Whetstones. See Stones.

Whipcord, the lb. Whisk Brooms. See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoe-makers. See Boards, in Wood. Wicker Ware, for every £.100 of the value Wick Yarn. See Yarn.

Wines, viz.

- French Wine imported in a British-built ship,

the tun, quantity 252 gallons

I

See Spirits.

70 o

35 o

0 2

0 o

2 o

35

o 1

35 o

o 1

I2C O I 10

o 6 35 0

64 1

d.

o 43 0 0

0 25 o o

6

018

6

0

10

6

o

004 r 10 o

3 1

o 1 o

25 0 o

9009 o 90 o o o

3

25

0 o

0

by

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wine, French Wine, continued.

- not imported in a Britishi-huilt ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any British colony or planta* tion in America, to any Britishrfet-tlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- exported to any other place, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons

- Hungary Wine! } See Rbcn, fll Wine*

- Madeira Wine imported in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — rvot imported in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- exported to any other place* the tun, quantity 252 gallons - — Rheniftj, Germany, and Hungary Wine, imported in a Brit>flv*built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — not imported in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity, 252 gallons -

- exported to any other place, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - — Portugal Wine, Spanish Wine, and all Wines not otherwise enumerated or described,

--imported in a British-built ship,

the tun, quantity 252 gallons - — not imported in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - —, exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - -v

Xhjty.

Drawback.

r. d.

68 5 0

£ Sm dm

97*54»o

43*o

46 4 0

64 1 p

68 5 o

42 d o

45 3

39 18 a 36 15 o

59 6 6

54 1 6

39 18 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wine, Portugal Wine, continued,

- exported to any other place, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons

- Wine entered for prisage, viz.

French Wine imported into the port of London,

- in a British-built ship, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons - not in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — -exported to any British colony or plantation in America, to any British settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any other place, the tun, quantity 252 gallons

- imported into any port of England,

except the port of London,

- in a British-built ship, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons -» not in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any British colony or plantation in America, to any British settlement in the East Indies, to China, or to any of the territories of the United States of America the tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any other place, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- wS. I" Wi'"-

- Madeira Wine imported into the port of London,

- in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- not in a British-built ship, the

tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of, America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- exported to any other place, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons

Duty.

d

Drawback.

36 15 o

56 4 10 58 i9 9

573 10

60 8 10

37 16 1r 40 o 6

52 o io

6 1

53910 49 13 7

343* 32 4

SCHEDULE (A.) — IN WARDS.'

Wine, Madeira Wine, continued.

- imported into any port of England, except the port of London,

- in a British-built ship, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons

- not in a British-built ship, the

tun, quantity 252 gallons

- exported to any British colony or

plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons

- exported to any other place, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons -

- Portugal and Spanish Wine imported into the port of London,

- in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons

..not in a British-built ship, the

tun, quantity 252 gallons - — exported to any British colony, or plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - — exported to any other place, the tuq, quantity 252 gallons

- imported into any port of England,

except the port of London,

- in a Bririfhbuilc ship, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons

- not in a British-built ship, the

tun, quantity 252 gallons

- exported to any British colony or

plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 gallons -

- exported to any other place, the tun,

quantity 252 gallons -r — Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, imported into any port in England,

- in a British-built ship, the

tun, quantity 252 gallons

- not in a British-built ship, the

tun, quantity 252 gallons

- exported to any British colony or

Duty.

£. s.

38 16 2 40 19 11

36 15 11 38 19 6

37 c 2

39 18 ii

54 15957 10 9

Diawtack. jC*.

353*33 2 5

34 13 " 3* 4 10

353 2 33 2 5

1

SCHEDULE (A.) — IN WAR DS. Duty. Drawback*

Wine* Rhenith WinC, continued. plantations in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quan- £ i. d. £ d.

tity 251 gallons - exported sto any other place, the tun, 1 - 50'*3

quantity 252 gallons ->- hot otherwise enumerated or described, imported into the port of London, in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons - -not in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons — exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any of thfc territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 34 30 357 $ +6 7 6

gallons - exported to any other place, the tun, 3a 1 10

quantity 252 gallons - -. > v r — imported into any port of England, except the port of London, — in a British-built ship, the tun, quantity 252 gallons not in a British-built ship, the tun* quantity t$2 gallons — exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any of the territories of the United States of America, the tun, quantity 252 35 ta 10 37 6 10 39 18 7

gallons - - - exported to any other place, the tun, — 33 1° 10

quantity 252 gallons Wine is subject also to duties of excise. Wine Lees. Subject to the same duty as wine, but no drawback is allowed on lees of wine exported. Winteranus Cortex, See Cortex. ( Wire, viz. Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or de- - 31 61

feribed, the cwt. - 3 10 0 a 10 0

- Gilt, or Plated, for every £.100 of the value Iron, not otherwise enumerated or described, the 35 O 0 25 0 0

cwt. - - 3 13 0 a 14 0

Latten, the cwt. - - 370 208

Silver, for every £. 100 of the value 35 0 $ 7 0

Steel, the lb. - 0 1 /-"S O O Q

Virginal wire of brass, copper, or iron, the lb# - Wisp Steel. See Steel. Vot. XLIV. Y o^i 6 7 0X2

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Woad, viz.

- Green woad, the cwt.

- Thouloufe woad, the cwt«

Wolf Skins, \«.

Wolyerings. }Sec Skm$'

Wood, viz,

- Anchor Stocks Imported from any part of Europe,

- in a British-built ship, the piece* — not in a British*buil( ship, the piece — of the growth and productton of the BritKh colonies or plants tion6 in America, and imported directly from thence, the piece

- Balks, imported from any part of Europe,

- under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet

in length,

r — -in a British-built ship, the 120

- not in a British-built ship, the 120

- 5 inches square, and u^dbr 8 inches

square, or if 24 feet in length or of-^yards,

- in a British-built ship, the 120

- not in a British-built ship, the 120

- of all forts under 8 inches square, of the

growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120*Battens, imported from any part of Europe, — 8 feet in length, and not exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding 2| inches in thickness,

- in a British-built ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-built ship, the 120

- exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, or if exceeding c 2 % inches in thickness,

s — in a British-built ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-built ship, the 120

Batten-ends, imported from any part of Europe,

- » 1 a under 8 feet in length, not above 'f finches in width, and not ex-

': w ceeding inches in thickness,

- in a British-builtship, the 120

v

Duty. Drawback.

£. & i*

o a 8 013

050 0 2 10

052 0 3 3

5 4 0 3 3

006

a 15 8 r 10 11

a 16 8 1 10 11

7/io 0 37 0

7 12 6 3 17 0

0 10 0

3SO 1 18 6

3 '6 6 1 18 6

6 10 0 2 tj

6 11 6 37 a

1 I I 10 0 11 W

*86^3 Aitf^jegwqitod^mo tettioGEoionlll. c. 68..323

ECH&DULE ( A.) — INWAAD8. XXuty. Drawback.

Wpod, continued., — Batten-ends imported from Europe, continued. — not -in a Bfitiffa-bMilt ship, £ f. d. <£* I*

the 120 " — unler 8 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and exceed-. tng 2$ inches in rhickness, — in«British-built ship, thej 12 6 O 12 IO

120 - - -< — sot im a British-built a 4 6 i S 8

the 120 -- Battens and Batten-ends of all forts, of the < growth and production of the British colonics«plantations io Aoerievi and imported direCUy from thence, j the iao - Bsedb plank, imported from any part of Eu- 256 0 s o i S 8

wpc>

- *-2 inches io thickness or upwards, — in a British-built &ip, the'load, quantity 50 cubic feet — not in a Bruifh-budt (tup, the load, quantity 59 cubic feet — of afliorts, of the growth and

jundwSUnu of the Jlritifli colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly Irom thence, the 120 — Beech quarters, impoWcd fnem any pact of Europe,

- Hinder 5 inches squate, and

j under 24 ieet in leqglh,

".'id a British-built ship,

the iao — not in a British-built, ihipk, the too*-

- 5 inches square, and under, 8 inchesiquare, or if 24-sect in, Jeqgth or tup waids,

- in a.Brit dh-built jship, the 12O.-not in a British-built fhtf. the iso i 1 — 'iof jlU Jbtts -under 8 inches

square, of the growth and, prpdu<£Hon f the British j colonies or plantations in America, and imported r a

1 10 o 1 10 6

o 5 0

2 ij 8 a 16 3

7 to o 7 12 6

o 18 11

o 18 II

t 10 It 1 10.II

317 o

317

224 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

- 11.....: ____r

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d.

0 10 0

2 15 0 1 17 8

2 17 6 I 17 8 1

5 10 0 35 4

5 12 6 35 4 i

1 17 6 0 19 6

t 18 0 0 19 6

O O

4 4° - 2 16 6

466 2 16 6

880 5 13 0

8 11 0 5 13 0 1

0 Ie '

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, continued;

- Beech Quarters, continued.

directly from thence, the v 120 -

Boards, vte.

- Beech boards, imported from any part of Europe*

- under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length,

- in a British-built ship, the r 120 -

- not in a British-built ship, the 120«- " -

- under 2 inches in thickness, #and

' if 15 feet in length or upwards,

in a British-built ship, the 120 -

- not in a British-built ship, the 120 -

- Clap boards, imponed from any part of

: \ Edrope,

- not exceeding 5 feet 3 1'v inches' in length, and

under 8 inches square, — in a British-built ship, the 120 — not in a British-built w ship, the 120

- of the growth and produc-

tion of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported / diredily from thence, the

120, -

- Linn-boards, or White-boards forlhoe-

taakers Imported from any part of Europe, under feet in lcngthr, and under 6 inches in thickness, — in a British-buili ship, the 120 — not in a British-built fliipi the 120 -

- 4 feet in length, or 6 inches in - C*thickness or upwards,

--in a British-built Ihfp, the

120 -

- not in a British-built ship, the i2ov -

iBo^.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 325

- t SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, continued.»- Boards, Oak boards imported from any part of Europe, and under 15 feet in length, — in a British-built ship, the £' L d. s' d.

120 -.not in a British-built ship. 5 " 8 4 s 3

the 120 - - >. — - under 2 inches in thickness, and if 15 feet in length or upwards, — in a British-built ship, the 5 15 0 4 s 3

120 - — not in a British-built ship. 11 2 6 8 10 6

the 120 -^- t*' Paling-boards imported from any part of Europe, hewed on one side, and not exceeding 7 feet in length, — in a British-built (nip, the 11 76 8 10 6

120 - - 1 — not in a British-built ship, 0114 V. 074

the 120 — hewed on one side, and exceeding 7 feet in length, — in a British-built ship, the 0118 074

12° - -not in a British-built ship, 1 I 28 0 14 8

the 120 - - -p»"w» Pipe-boards imported from any part of Europe, above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches (Quare, — *in a British-built ship, the 1 3 4 0 14 8

120 - -« — u- not in a British-built ship, 2 16 3 19 6

i the 12Q - i exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches square, in a British-built ship, the % 16 8 196

I2Q r»- not in a Britishi-built ship, 5 I. 6 2 19 0

the 120 - - 4 -of all forts exceeding 5 feet, 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square, of the growth 53 4 2 19 0

z6 Anno regui quadr^gesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68, [1803.

Schedule (a.) — INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

i — Boards, Pipe-boards, continued.

' and production of the British

colonies or plantations m America, and imported <K-rc&ly from thence* the 120 WalnfcOtt-boards imported from any part of Europe, the foot containing t2 feet in length, and inch in thickness, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser length or thickness,

<--in a Brifiih-built ship

' — - not in a Brifilh-built ship

- of all forts not other wise enumerated or described, of the growth and production of tno British colonies or plan- tatiops in America, and imported diredily from thence, the26 r

- Bowsprits. See Mails.

- Boxwood, of the growth and production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the ton, quantity 20 cwf.

1.* - of the growth and production of any other country Or place, or if otherwise imported, the ton, quantity 29 cwt.

- Brazil Wood, the ton, quantity % o cwf.*f* — Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, the ton, quantity

29 CWt. r - - t

- Cam Wood, the ton, quantity 20 Cwt.

--Deals imported from any part of Europe, above

7 inches irt width, being 8 feet in length, and not above 19 feet in length, and not exceeding ii inch in thickness,

--in a British-built ship, the 120

- not in a British-built ship, the 120 -

- above 7 inches in width, being ft feet in length, and npt above 20 feet in length, t and not exceeding 3^ inches in thickness,

(except deals not above to feet in length, and Opt exceeding i£ inch ih thickness),

- ih a British-built the 120

- hot in a British-built: ship, the 12P - above 7 ipehes ih Width! being 8 feet in

Duty.

£ s*

o 12 0

OI9 O I 10

5

100

4 17 6

2 17 6

0 10 3

1 3 4

3 3 4

3 5 0

680 6 12 6

Drawback.

Q X O X

29Q

2 10 2 IQ

3 n

3 r7

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Puty. Drawback.

Wood, cominued. — Deals imported from Europe, continued. length, and not above 20 feet in length, and exceeding 3* inches in thickness.; C* i jC*»*

- in a British-built ship, the iao 12 16 0 714 0

not in a British-built ship, the 120 - - above 7 inches in width, exceeding ao feet in length, and not exceeding inches in thickness. 13 0 0 714 0

iiv a British-built ship, the 120 156 10 8 11 0

- not in a British-built ship, the 120 - — above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feet in length, and exceeding inches in thickness. 16 5 0 8 11 0

in a British-built strip, the 120 30 17 10 17 2 0

- not in a British-built ship, the 120 - — Deal ends, imported from any part erf Europe, — above 7 inches in width, being under 8 feet in length, and not exceeding 3J inches in thickness, 3* 7 6 17 2 0

- in a British-built ship, the 120 1 — not in a British-built ship, the 236 158

120 - — - above 7 inches in width, being under 8 feet in length, and exceeding 3* inches in thickness. 250 15 8

- in a British-built ship, the 120 - — not tin a British-built ship, the 446 2 11 4

120 - — Deals and deal ends, of all forts, of the growth and production of the British colonies or plan- tations in America, and imported direCby from thence, the 120 Ebony, of the growth and production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. - — of the growth and production of any other country or place, or if otherwise 476 050 0 1292 11 4

imported, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.* — Firewood, imported from any part of Europe, — -thefathom, 6 feet wide and6 feet high,5 4 3 12 5 0

/*in a British-built ship - - 0 5 10 0 3 10

-r — - not in a British-buHt (hi^ - - — of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported direCUy from 060 0 3 10

328 Anno fegfii quadragesimo tertio Oeorsit III. c. 68. [1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, continued, j

tfience, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high - -1

wrr1. Fir Quarters, imported from any p^rt of Europe, ! j — t under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length, t- — in a British-built ship, the 120

- notin aBritishfbuiltship, the 120

r tt 5 inches square, and under 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length or upwards,

- in a British-built ship, the 120 not ina British*biiilt ship, the 12Q

- of all forts under 8 inches square, of]

the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

v- Fir T^her. §ce Timber.

Fustick, the ton, quantity 26 cwt. r — Handfpijoes, imported from any part of Europe,

- under 7 feet in length,

t- — in a British-built ship the 120

- not In a British-built ship the 120

r7feet in length or upwards,

t-t — in a British built ship, the 120

- not in a British-builtship, the 120 — r-of the growth and production of the

British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, r-1 — under 7 feet in length, the 120 r — 7 feet in length or upwards, the 120

- Knees of Oak? imported from any part of Europe,

- r----- upder 5 inches square,

- in a British-built ship, the 120 — notina British-builtship, the 120 —, — r — 5 inches square and under 8 inches

square,

- in a Britishubuilt ship* the 120 - — not in a British-built ship, the 120 - r* v.r8 inches square or upwards,

- in a British-built ship, the load quantity 50 cubic feet

- not in a British-built ship, the

load, quantity 50 cubic feet

Duty. Drawback.

S. d.

0 0 6

2 15 8 a 16 8 I ZO II I 10 11

7 10 0 7 12 6 3 17 0 3 1791

0 10 0 0 15 0 1 i

0 14. 6 0 15 0 096 096

i99 I Ip Q 019 0 019 9

014

O (8 00

0 7 i. O 7 1! 0 -31 0 31

300 326 1 10 6 1 to 6

O 19 0 09I

100 002 I

j8«3\) Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 329

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

Knees of Oak, of the growth and production of the Bririih colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence,

- under 8 inches square, the 120» — 8 inches square or upwards, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet — ^Lathwood, imported from any part of Europe,

- in pieces under 5 feet in length, the

fathom 6 feet wide, and 6 feet high, — in a British-built ship

- not in a British-built ship

- > in pieces 5 feet in length or upwards,

the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

- in a British-built ship

- not in a British-built ship r — of the growth and fon of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported dire£Uy from thence, in pieces of all forts, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high vp — Lignum Vitae, of the growth and production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

- r-of the growth and production of any other country or place, or if otherwise imported, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

5 — Logwood, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

tylahogany* of the growth of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported directyj from thence, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. v of the growth of the British limits within the province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. fr — not imported directly from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any mahogany being of the growth of any other country or, place, the ton, quantity 20 cwt,*

Duty. Drawback*

£. I-'I

O O

034 '

1 10 0 0 l8 !(

1 11 0 0 18 II

246 i 8 4

25 6 184

036

0 6 8

2 16 8 O O

0. 5 6

OO NO«1 10 0

268 1 10 0

O O Nh 306

330 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [ t $03

' ( SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, continued, — - Mails, Yards, or Bowsprits, imported from any part of Europe, 1 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 in- dies, f, ' 5' d.

- in a British-built ftip, the piece - not in a British-built ship, the 030 018

piece — 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 in- ches, 0 3 4 018

- in a British-built ship, the piece - 080 0 4 a

not in a Brmfh.built ship, the piece, 12 inches in diameter or upwards, — in a British-built ship, the load. 086 " 7 O49

quantity 50 cubic feet not ip a Britirtwbuilt ship, the load. 100 098

quantity 50 cubic feet of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 in- I 09098

ches the piece 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 in- 020 Q I 0

ches the piece 12 inches in diameter, or upwards, the 050 0 2 1

load, quantity*50 cubic feet. Nicaragua Wood, the ton, quantity 20 cwt..- — Oak Plank, imported from any part of Europe, — 2 inches in thickness or upwards, in a British-built ship, the load, 0 1890 16 0 Q98

quantity 50 cubic feet - - — not in a British-built ship, the load, I 15 IQ 0 18 4 1

quantity 50 cubic feet of all forts, of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported direCUy from thence, the 120«- — r Oak Timber. See Timber. — Oars, imported from any part of Europe, i 17 0 050 Q l8 4

in a British-built ship, the 120*4 12 0 2 16 6

- not in a British-built ship, the 120 — of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 — Olive Wood, of the growth and production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, and 4 15 0 0 12 O 2 16 6

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback-

Wood, continued., imported directly from thence respectively, the ton, quantity 510 cwt. other country or place, or if otherwise imported, the ton, quantity jC* d. 076 £ d.

20 cwt. -« — Red or Guinea Wood, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. 5 4 3*3 4 3 1 0

- Rose Wood, the cwt, - - Round Wood, imported from any part of Europe, > > in pieces under 8 inches square and under 6 feet in length. 180 0 18 8

<. ^ina British-builtship^tUc 120 — not in a British-built ship the 176 0 18 it

120 - - in pieces under 8 inches square, and if 6 feet in length or up- wards. 18 4 0 18 11 \ '

- ina British-builtship, thei20 — notina British-buiitship, the a 15 0 1 17 10

120 British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, in pieces of alt forts under 8 inches square, the iao r- — Spars imported from any part of Europe, — under 22 feet in length, and under finches in diameter, exclusive of the bark. 2 t6 8 020 1 17 10

- in a British-built ship, the iao 0 17 4 096

- not in a British-built ship, the 120 -f 22 feet in length or upwards, and under inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark. 0 18 4 096

- in a British-built ship, she 120 I 10 0 0 15 6

not in a British-built ship, the 120 4 inches in diameter, and under 6 iqches, exclusive of the bark. in 0 0 15 6

in a British-built ship, the 120 3 5° 1 14 0

not in a British-built ship, the 120 of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all forts under 6 inches in diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120 - — Speckled Wood* of the growth and production of the British colonies, plantations, or settlements in Africa or America, and imported directly from 376 O 10 Q 1 - 1 14 P

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, Speckled Wood, continued. thence respectively, the ton, quantity, 20 cwt. other country or place, or if otherwise imported, the ton, quantity £*d. 0 10 0 jC*&

20 cwr. - Spokes for Wheels imported from any part of Europe, not exceeding 2 feet in length. 5 7 a 4 1 tj

- in a British-built ship, the 1000 not in a British-built ship, the 216*» 3

IOOOO 230 1 8 3

- in a British-built ship, the 1000 — not in a British-built ship, the 2 16

1000 dudion of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported direct, from thence, the 1000 Staves imported from any part of Eq^ope, not exceeding 36 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and npt exceeding 7 inches in breadth, 460 0 392 16 6

in a British-built ship, the 120 080 0 3 10

not in a British-built ship, the 120 — above 36 inches in length, and not exceeding 50 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth. Q 8 2 0 3 10 1

- in a British-built ship, the 120 0 is q Q 7 3

- hot in a British-built ship, the 120 — above 50 inches in length, and not exceeding 60 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth. 0 15 6 0 .7 3

in a British built Chip, the 120 100 - 098

- not in a Brhifh-built ship, the 120 - — above 60 inches in length, and not exceeding 72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth. 106 098 1 1

- in a British-built ship, the 120 194 014 [

not in a British-built Chip, the 120 - — above 72 inches in length, not above' inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth. 1 10 0'0 14

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, Staves, continued.

- in a Bricifh-built ship, the 120 — not in a British-built ftiip, the 120 - — above 3 inches in thickness, or above 7 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 5 ffect 3 inches in length, imported from any part of Europe, shall be deemed clap-boards, and pay duty accordingly. - above 3 inches in thickness or above 7 inches in breadth, and exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, imported from any part of Europe, shall be deemeJ pipe-boards, and pay duty accordingly.

- of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all forts not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120 -

- of all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120 -

Sweet wood, of the growth and production of the Britirn colonies, plantations, or settlements, in Africa or America, and imported directly from thence respectively, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. — of the growth and production of any other country or place, or if otherwise imported, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

- 1 1 Timber, viz.

- Fir Timber of the growth of Norway,

and imported direCHy from thence, 8 inches square, and not exceeding 10 inches square,

- in a British built ship thq load, quantity 50

cubic feet

- not in a British-built ship, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet

- exceeding 10 inches square,

--in a Britishi-built (Wpi,

the load, quantity $0 cubic feet — 4^ not in a British - built Blip, the load, quantity: - 50 cubic feet

imported from any other part

Duty.

£'d. 1 13 4 1 15 0

009 o*6

o 10 o

6110

090 094 1 00

10 9

333

Drawback.

d.

0 16 8 016 j(

4 8 4

©'64 064 o9S

098

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

I O 0

IO9

Wood, Fir Timber, continued. U d*

of Europe, 8 inches squareor upwards,

--in a British-built ship,

the load, quantity 50 cubic feet - — not in«Brkkh-built ship, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet

- of the growth and prodo&ion

of the British -colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from

theoce, 8 Inches square or upwards, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet -

- Oak Timber imported from any part of Europe, 8 inches Square or upwards,

«> —: in a British-buUt ship, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet > - not in a British-built ship, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet -

- of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly fnona thence, 8 inches square or upwards, the lo^d, -quantity 50 cubic feet -

- of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise Charged wkhduty, ! imported from any part of Europe, being 8 inches square or upwards,

- in a Brkiflwbuik >ship, the load,

quantity 50 cubic feet -.- 100

- not m, a Britishbuiltlh^, the Joad,

quantity 50 cubic feet - -109

- of aH forts not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported diretfUy from thence, being.

8 inches lqppre or towards, the Joad, quantity 50 cubic feet - - - o I 6

Users, imported from any part of Europe,

- under 5 inches square, and undera+ieet

length,

in a British-built ship, the 120 not in a Brit ilk-built ship, thexsD

016

0 19 o

IDO

© i 4

Drawback.

i. d.

o98

o98

2 15 8 x 16 8

092

092

098

098

1 10 11 1 10 il

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, Users, continued. — 5 inches square, and under 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length or upwards. £*d S' d.

in a Qritifti-built ships the 120 7 10 c 3'17 0

not in a British-built ship, the lao — of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America)' and imported directly from thence, of all 712 t 87 0

forts under 8 inches square, the 110 - — Wainscot logs imported from any part of Europe, being 8 inches square, or upwards, " — in a British-builtship, theload, 0 10 0

quantity 50 cubic feet - - not in a British-built fhtp, the 176 0 14 a r

load, quantity 50 cubic feet — " — of the growth and production of the British colonies or plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 inches square, or upwards, the load. 1 8 4 O 14 2

quantity 50 cubic feet — Yards. See Mails. unmanufactured, of the growth and production of the British colonies* or plantarions in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £. 100 of 034

the value - — not particularly enumerated or described, or other*. wife charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the 3 ia 0

value - Wood A(bes. iSee Ashes. O O 8 0 0

Wood Scoops. See Scoops* Wooden Clocks. Sec Clocks. Wool, viz.

Beaver Wool, the lb. cut and combed (except combed in in Russia and imported from thence O O

in a British-built ship) the lb. — Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair. I I O

- Coney Wool, the lb. - - - -5 — - Cotton Wool, viz. — of the growth or production of any of the Britishi colonies or 0 0 2

plantations, the 100 lbs. Turkey, O CO > 1

336 Afttto regni tjuadragesimo fettio Georgii III. c. 6fc.

[180$.

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wool, Cotton Wool, continued.

- imported in a British-built

ship, the tOo lbs.

- not imported in a British*

built ship, the 100 lb*.

- of the growth or production of any other country or place, — imported in a British-built ship, the 100 lbs, -

- not imported in a British-built ship, the too lbs.

- Goats* Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

- Hares* Wool, the cwt.

- Lambs* Wool or Sheeps' Wool, the cwt.

- Ostrich or^ftridge Wool,

' --- imported in a British-

built ship, the cwt. --not imported in a British-built ship, the cwt. -

--Polonia Wool, the cwt.

- Red Wool, the cwt.

«--- Spanish Wool, the cwt.

- Turkey Goats* Wooh See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Woollen Cloths, all manner of, the yard

- Stuffs. See Stuffs.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

Woriri Seed. See Seed.

Worsted*Tapes. See Tapes.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

' '- Y.

Yards. See Masts, in Wood.

Yarn, viz.

-r--- Cable Yarn, the cwt.

- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

- Cotton Yarn, the lb.

- of the manufacture of the Isle of Man. See Man, Me of.

- Grogram Yarn, the lb.

RaW Linen Yarn made of Flax, viz.

--Ermeland yarn, Lithuania yam, and

Tow yarn, being the production of any of the territories or dominions of his majesty the King of Prussia,

--importedln a British-built

- ship, directly from any

Duty.

£' s-

684

0 16 .8

0 12 6

1 0 10

0 13 4 048

048

0 10 o 048 048 048

1 I o

o 109010 0 o - 5

o o 10

Drawback.

£ J#

006 003

007

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.

Yarn, Raw Linen Yarn, made of Flax, continued.

part of the said territories or dominions, the cwt. -' — imported in aBritish-built ship, not directly from any part of the said territories or dominions, the cwt.

v ----- of any other fort, imported in a

British-built ship, the cwt.

- of all forts, not imported In a

British-built ship, the cwt.

- Raw Linen Yarn, not made of Flax,

- imported in a British*built ship, the cwt.

- not imported in a British-built

' ship, the cwt.

--Wick Yarn, the cwt.

--Woollen or Bay Yarn, the cwt.

--Worded Yarn, being of two or more threads,

twided or thrown, the lb.

*--- of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for ^very £. 100 of the value

Yellow Berries. See Berries*

Z.

Zaffre, for every £.100 of the value Zedoaria, imported directly from the place of its growth, the lb.*

- not imported directly from the place of its

growth, the lb.

Goods, wares, and merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported from Europe under licence for exportation to Africa, for every £.100 of the value - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such goods may be so imported, See 5 Geo. III. cap. 30.

All goods. Wares, and merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britaiif, for every £.100 of the value Vot. XLIV. Z

Duty.

£ d

0 0 6

Oio O I 0 0 12 10

o 2 4

o 14 10 214 o 18 6

010

35 0 0

35 ° 0 008 019

Drawback.

£. t. d.

a 10 o

-135 a ©

180 o 13 o

009 25 o o

25 0 o 004

010

*5 0 o

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

All goodie Watts, artd merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or defpribed, or otherwise charged with duty, and not prohibited to be imported into or tifed in Great Britain, for every £.100 of the value*-

outwards.

FOREIGN.

Agaric, viz.

- rough or untrimmed, the lb.

--ttrfnntfed tfr pared, the lb.

Ammonihcum Sal. See Sal AmmoniacuS. Annotto, the lb.

Arifimbnium Cruiurti, the ctvt.

AcpTa J'Ortis, 'the gallon Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Afgol, the cv/t. Arsenic, he cwt. t

B^v Berries, the Cwt.

Biavefr Skins, the fldn or piece of (kin Wool. See Wool.

See Wood.

Brazil Wood. 1

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood. 3 C^laitiinaris Lapis. See Lapis Calaminaris. Cochindal, the lb.

Chttdh Wool. See Wool.*

Cream Of Tartar, the twt.

I&ft Lidia gbods,

Goods, wares, and merchandize, having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and fecufed in warehouses according to law, may be exported directly from fitch warehouses, Without payment of duty, Indigo excepted.

Fustick. See Wood.

Galls, t/he cwt.

Gem Si!. See Sal.

Guinea Wood. See Red Wood, In Wood.

Gum, Viz. '

--Arabic, the cWt.

- Senega, the c\vt. - t -

- For the conditions, regulations, and feftridVions

- under which 30 tons of gum arable or gum

Duty.

£>s*

20 o 0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o o

o 4 0 0 2 009

064

014

4

I ii> 8 065

Drawback.

£. s. 4.

15 o 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — OyTWAEDp.

Gum, continued. foreign.

senega, may be annually exported to Ireland, duty free. See 6 Geo. III. cap. 46.

- Stick-lag, the pwt.

Jamaica Wood. See Brazilletto Wood, in Wood. Isinglass, the cwt, -

Lapis Calaminaris, for every £.100 of the value Litmus, che cwt.

Logwood. See Wpod.

Madder, the cwt.

- Root, the cjyvt.

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Orchal, the cwt. -

Orchelia, the cwt, '- -

Pomegranate feds, the cwt.

Red or Guinea Wood. See Wood.

Safflower, the lb.

Sal, viz.

- Ammonia«us, jhc $wr.

- Gem, the cwt.

Sapan Wood. See Wood*

Saunders, red, the ciwt. -r

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Shumac or Sumach, the cwt.

Stick-lac. See Gum.

Tobacco, of the growth, production, or Ipanufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, when delivered for exportation, put of the warehouse in which such tobacco shall, on the importation thereof, have been secured, the lb.

Tonnage Doty «on ships or vessels entering outwards (except in ballast) in any port of Great Britain, for foreign parts* See Table No. 3. at the end of this schedule.

Tornfal or Tcrnsole, the cwt,

Vaionia, the cwt. -

Verdegrli^the lb.

Wood, yiz.

- Brazil W0Qd* t|he cwt.-

- Brazilletto pr Jamaica Wop4» the cwt.

- Fustick, the cw*. -

- Logwood, tjhp tmX.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which logwood may he iejywted, io British-byUt ftups, doty free, See 7 Qe© III. cap..4$.

- Nicaragua jwood, the top, qoantity 29 ewt*

z z

Duty.

£ s- d.

048

o

6

o

o

0

6

P

o o o 8

0 1Ia

4 8l

I

o

o

o

o

o

o

0

p

p

o

I,

P, 0

4

4

8

o 10

o

001

4

4

o

J

o

0

1

8

e 5 0

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS.

*' I '

' FOREIGN.

Wood, continued.

- Red or Guinea Wood, the cwt.

- Sapan Wood, the cwt.

Wool, viz.

- Beaver W6ol, the lb.

c; BRITISH.

Alum, the cwt.; -

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Calaminaris Lapis. "See Lapis Calaminaris.

Calves' Skins. See Skins.

Cards, viz.

- New WoolCards, the dozen

- Ola Wool Cards, the dozen -.

Cat Skint. See Skins.

Coals, usuallyfold by'measure, viz.

- t -: exported to the Isle of Man, the chal-

-\ f\ def, Winchester measure -

f — to any British colony or

i plantation in America,

the chalder, Winchester measure -

to Suy of the territories of the United States of America, '

: --- — in a British-built ship,

the chalder, Newcastle'measure

- not in a British-built

ship, the chalder, Newcastle measure

- }: -td any other place,

( ----- in a British — built ship>

the chalder, Newcastle f' i - meafuTe

- not in a British-built

- ship, the chalder, Newcastle measure > exported in certain quantities, from the ports of Newcastle and Swansea, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, the chalder, Newcastle measure'- -

|For the conditions, regulations,

I and restrictions, under which coals may be so( imported, See 6 Geo. III. cap. 40.*+>

1

Duty.

O O II

OO 5

0 2 6 OI4

0 0 8 OOS

0 1 4

0 2 6

0 17 o

1 10 3

120

1 T5 4

O 12 O

SCHEDULE (A.) — OUTWARDS. Duty.

BRITISH. £. s. d. t

Coals, usually sold by weight, viz. exported to the Isle of Man, the ton, quantity 2b cwt. - - 0 0 10

- to any British colony or plantation in America, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. 0 1 8

- to any of the territories of the United States of America, in a British-built ship, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. not in a British-built ship, the ton, quantity - 20 cwt. - 059 0 10 0

- to any other place, in a British-built ship, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. not in a British-built (hjp, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. 0 .790 12 0 -

Coney Skins. See Skins. Copperas, for every £.100 of the value 600

Cow Hair. See Ox Hair, in Hair. Culm, viz. — exported to the Isle of Man* the ^halder. Win: chester measure O O 0

to any British colony or plantation in America* the chalder, Winchester measure 010 -

to any of the territories of the United States of America, ' — - in a British-built ship, the chal-der, Newcastle measure - - - 046

not in a British-built ship, the chalder, Newcastle measure 080

to any other place, in a British-built ship, the chal- der, Newcastle measure - 060 - '

not in a British-built ship, the chalder, Newcastle measure 0 10 0

Geldings., See Horses. Glue, the cwt. -«010

Anh6 signi q^idragefirstd tdrtio Georgii III. c. 68. E1803.

Schedule (a.^outwards.

BRITISH.

Hair, viz.

Hart, the cwt.

- Horse* the cwt.

--Ox ot Cow, the cwt.

- not particularly % enumerated or described, and not prohibited to be exported. For every £.100 of thd value -

Hart Hair.)c,

Horle Hair* y See Hafr*

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Lamb Skinis. See Sheep Skins* in Skins.

Lapis Calatninaris, fot every £.100 of the value Lead, cast 6r uncast, the fodder dr ton, 'quantity 20 ctot.

--Ore, for every ^.100 lb. of the value

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt. Litharge of lead, the dwt.

Mares. She Horses.

Otter Skinis, See Skins.

Ox Hair. See Hair.

Sheep Skirts. See Skins.

Skins, viz.

- Badger Skins, the (kin -

- Cjdvfes* Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt. -- Cat.Skins, the loo skins

- Conhy Skins, dfefled or tawed, the 120 skins Dog Skins, the dozen skins

--Fox Skins, the Kkin

--Kid Skins, in the hair, the 100 skins

--'--dressed, the 1O0 skins

- Ottdr Skins, raw, the (kin -

taWed or dressed, the (kin

Sheep and Lamb Skins, tawed or dressed, without wool, the x 20 fkiht tanned, the Cwt.

- Squirrel Skins, the 1000 skins

Swakt Skins, the lkin -

Skins or pieces of skins, not particularly enumerated or described, and not prohibited to be exported, so* every £. 160 of the value

fsSS&r-}'

Tin unwiought, the cwt.

(For the cobditions, regulations, and restrie-

tions, under which tiri unwrought may be i exported to countries beyond the Cap. of

Duty.

£*d-0.2 O

0 7 4 0 2 6

60 O

06O

6 0 0

3 10 6 o o 1

o o

o 10

O I O 2

0 2 0

OI4 0 2 0

0 0 2

6 0 0

o 38

180$.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii q. 68

SCHEDULE (A)OUTWARDS.' Duty.

BRITISH. £. S. d.

Good Hope, without payment of this duty,

See 30 Geo. III. cap. 4.

Tonnage Duty on ships or vessels entering outwards (except in ballast), in any port of Great Britain for foreign ports. See Table Np. 3. at the end of this, schedule,

Wool Cards. See Cards.

In addition to the duties hereir.-before charged on certain goois of the growth, produce* or manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thepee, the following duties are to be«paid, viz.

All goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth* produce, or manufacture ojLGreat Britain (except as herein after mentioned; exported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £.100 of the true

and real value thereof -

Except

- Bullion.

- Goods, wares* or merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the authority of any licence which the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are*dr may be by law authorised and empowered to grant. r- Cotton Yarn, or other cotton manufactures, being of the manufacture of Great Britain.

- And Refined Sugar or Loaf, complete and

whole, or Lump duly refined; and all refined ftigar called Bastard; and ground pr powdered sugar, and refined loaf sugar broke in pieces; and all sugar called Candy; and roelaffes.

All goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, pr manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe* or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof: -

Except

- r — Bullion.

.. Cotton Yarn or other cotton mariufac*

tures, being of ttye manufacture of Great Britain.

Q

1

10

o

o

34}

SCHEDULE (A.)

' BRITISH.

- Any fort of craft, food, victuals, cloathing,

or implements or materials, fit and necessary for the British fisheries established in the island of Newfoundland, or in any of his Majesty's colonies, islands, or plantations in North America, exported from Great Britain to the said colonies, islands, or plantations.

- And Refined Sugar, or Loaf complete

and whole, or Lump duly refined; and all refined sugar called Bastard; and ground or powdered sugar, and refined loaf sugar broken in pieces; and all sugar called Candy; and melasses.

COASTWISE.

Cinders made of pit coal brought coastwise from any port or place in Great Britain into any port or place in England and Wales, the chalder Winchester measure Coals (except charcoal made of wood) brought coast-wife from any port or place in Great Britain into the port of London, viz.

- in case they are such as are most usually fold

by weight, the ton, quantity 20 cwt.

- in case they are such as are most usually fold

by measure, the chalder Winchester measure -

Coals (except charcoal made of wood) brought coastwise from "any port or place in Great Britain into any port or place in England or Wales, (except into the port of London), viz.

in case they are such as are most usually sold by weight, the ton, quantity 20 cwr.

H- — in case they are such as are most usually sold by measure, the chalder Winchester measure -

Coals sent coastwise from the port of NeWcastle-upon-Tyne to any other port or place in Great Britain, the chalder Newcastle measure -

- brought coastwise into the port of London for the use of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 chialders in any one year, the chalder Winchester measure -

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the d&ties on coals brought coastwise, or from any port or place to any

Duty.

Drawback.

£- d.\£. s. d.

o 6

0 7 6

094

040

060

010

060

0 4

0 5 io

o 3 8

056

SCHEDULE (A.) — COASTWISE.

Coals, cootioned.

other port or place within Great Britain, may be secured by bond. See 27 Geo. III. cap. 32.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which coals may be carried from Ellenfoot to Bank-end in the county of Cumberland, or from any creek or place to any other creek or place between Ellenfoot and Bank-end, without payment of any duty of customs, See 8 Geo. I. cap. 14.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the duties on CQals used for melting copper and tin ores, within the counties of Cornwall and Devon shall be repaid, See9 Ann. cap. 6.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions,

' under which the duties on coals, which shall be used in fire engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper within the county of Cornwall, shall be repaid, See 14 Geo. II. cap. 41.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions*

1 under which the duties on coals used in calcining or smelting copper and lead ores within the isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in fire engines for draining W2ter out of the mines of copper and lead, within the said isle, shall be repaid, S, ee 26 Geo. III. cap. 104., and the act to which this schedule is annexed.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the duties on coals used for any purpose relating to the carrying on the worses for the manufacturing of tin plates, and for other purposes, at Pennygofed in the county of Pembroke, called the rennygored works, shall be repaid; provided the amount thereof shall not exceed ^.icoo in any one year. See 35 Geo. III. cap. 39.

Culm brought coastwise from any port or place in Great Britain into the port of London, the chalder Winchester measure - — -to be used for the burning of lime carried in any vessel or boat not exceeding 30 tons, burthen, from any place within the limits of the port of Milford in the county of Pembroke, to any other place within the counties of

Duty.

jrr

° 5

d.

Drawback.

1 5

SCHEDULE (A.) — COASTWISE.

Culm, continued.

Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merio- neth, the chalder, Winchester measure

For the condiflons, regulations, and restrictions, under which culm may be so carried. See 33 Geo. II. cap. 15.

- brought coastwise frdm any port or place in Great Britain into any other port 6r place in England or Wales (except the port of London, and except culm carried from Milford as before mentioned), the chalder Winchester measure -

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, carried from any p&rt of the Lancaster canal, or any of the branches thereof, or from any part or place within the hundred of Lonsdale, in the county of Lan* Cafter, into the Ulverstone canal, across or along the bay or estuary separating the two canals, ate not liable to any duty of customs. Coals, and Culm, shipped coastwise at any port in Great Britain, and delivered in any part beyond the seas, before the duties due on the exportation thereof shall have been paid; the master of the vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any port in Great Britain until he shall have paid, not only the duties due on the exportation of such cinders, coals, and culm, but, in addition thereto, for every chalder thereof so entered coastwise, Winchester measure - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the said duty of three shillings the chalder shall be repaid. See 25 Geo. III. cap. 54.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which coals and culm may be carried on the Monmouthshire canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any port or place to the eastward of the islands called the Holmes, to any other port or place in or upon the river Severn, also to the eastward of the said islands, without passing to the westward thereof, without payment of duty. See 37 Geo. III. cap. 100.5 and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which coals and culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthshire canal, or on any of the railways or tram roads 'connected there-

' Duty.

Drawback.

014

o i 4

030

£. s. d.

Oil

180J.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. 347

SCHEDULE (A.) — COASTWISE.

Cinders, continued.

with, and afterwards to the port of Bridge-water only, by a padage to the westward of the islands called the Holmes, notwithstanding the reftrtcftions before-mentioned, without payment of duty. See 42 Geo. III. cap. 115. of the publick local and personal acts.

Slate, of the production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any port or place within Great Britain, to any other port or place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every £.100 of the value -

For the conditions, regulations, and restridUons, under which any such date, brought into any port Of Great Britain for the sole purpose of being exported from thence to parts beyond the seas, or any date the value of which (as it1 is on ship-board at the port or place where it is intended to be landed) shall not exceed twenty shillings the ton, may be entered without payment of duty, See 34 Geo. III. cap. 51.

Stone, of the production of Great Britain^ brought Coastwise from any port or place within Great Britain, to afiy other port or place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every £.IOO of the value -

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which any marble, lime stone, or iron stone whatever; any stone cut or manufactured into millstones, grindstones, or whetstones, or either of them; any stone manufactured or converted into posts and cap3 for cornftacks or mowsteads, troughs, gateposts, or other articles used for the purposes of husbandry; any growanstone, or stone commonly called or known by the name of Growanstone, or stone commonly called or known by the name of Ghinastone, or any other stone to be used in the manufacture of porcelaine or of pottery; or any stones what* ever cut or manufactured into burrstones; and any stones used for the purpose of paving, or for the purpose of making or mending roads, may be entered without payment of duty, See 34 Geo. III. cap. 51. and 39 & 40 Geo. III. cap. 51.

Duty..£. s.

22 O O

22 O O

Drawback.

jC*

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE No. 3.

TONNAGE DUTY

On ships and vessels entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) in any port of Great Britain from or to foreign parts.

1 ,

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark* Alderney or Man, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern whale fishery - -J00 6

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar o*I o

or every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to any port or place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea - 010

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to any other port or place in Europe - o I o

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from br to any port or place within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies -030

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to the Cape of Good Hope - - -026

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to any port or place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described - - - o I O

For every for* burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to the island of Newfoundland, the islands of Cape Breton or St. John, or the coad of Labrador - 006

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad) from or to any port or place in the United States of America, any British island, colony, or plantation in America, or any other part of America, not otherwise enumerated or described - - - -010

Duty.

04

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68, 349

TABLE B.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence'; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain:

Likewise, of the Amount of the Additional Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when imported in American Ships:

And also, the Additional Duties of Customs on such Ships, according to the Tonnage thereof.

Duty. Additional Duty, if imported in an American Ship or Vessel. Drawback.

£. s. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Arrow Root, the lb. Allies, viz.'00 if O O IO the 100 lbs.

- Pearl or Pot Asties, the cwt. Beaver Skins. See Skins. Blubber. See Train Oil, in Oil. Calves' Skins. See Skins. Colophonia. See Rosin. Corn* viz. Wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oat-meal, pease, beans, Indian corn or maize, viz. W heat, if the districft price at the port of importation is under 50 s. per quarter, high 0 1 0 O O

duty, the quarter — at or above 50s. but under'54*. per quarter, first low 1 4 3 0 2 5

duty, the quarter at or above 54*. per quarter, 026 0 0 3

second low duty, the quarter — Rye, Pease, Beans, if the district price at the port of importation is 0 0 6| O 5 0 the ioo quarters.

duty, the quarter — at or above 34; but under 37s. per quarter, first low 120 0 2 2

duty, the quarter - - at or above 37*. per quarter, 0 1 6'* 0 0 V w

second low duty, the quarter 0 0(3f 026 1 the too quarter*.

TABLE (B.) — Continued.'Duty. - Additional Duty, if imported in an American Ship or Vesse/. Drawback.

Corn, continued, — Barley, Beer or Bigg, if the district price at the port of importation is — under 25; pe^ quarter, high £ u 4?.£>*d. jT. s. d.

duty, the quarter 27; per quarter, first low 12 0 \ 022

duty, the quarter at or above 27s. per quarter, 0 1 3^ 0 12 6 the 100 quarters.

second low duty, the quarter — Oats, if the district price at the port of importation is — under 175. per quarter, high 0 0 3| 0 2 6 the too quarters.

4uty, the quarter at. or above 17*. but under 18s. per quarter, ftrlt low.duty, she 0 67 0 0 8-0 0 i

quarter - — at or above iBj. per quarter, .0, 1 0

second low duty, the quarter — r Wheat-meal' or Flour, if the district price of wheat at the port of importation is — under 50^ per quarter, high 0 0 i 018; the 10 quarters.

duty* the cwt. - - — »at or labove 505. but under 54J. per quarter, first low 066 0 0 8

duty, the cwt. — at or above 545. per quarter. 0 i 6 0 0*'

second low duty, the cwt. - — Indian Corn, or Maize, if ithe district price of barley at the port of importation is — under 25s. per quarter, high 0 1 0 0 0 1 V

defty, the quarter — at or above 25J. but under 27 s.per quarter, first low i 2 0 0 2 2

duty, the quarter — at or above 27s. per quarter, 0 1 3 j 0 12 6' 1 be lac quarters:

second low duty, he quarter — Oat-meal, if (the distrieft price at the port of importation is avoiraupotfe, or I281bs. Scotch troy, high duty, the 0 0 3| 0 2 t the -ms> quarters.

boll - - - 0 8 0 "on O O

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68* 351

Table (b.) — comtinucdi Duty. Additional D«ty, if import- j edin am American Shin or Vessel.

Corn, Oat-meat, continued.; d» jr. s.

- at or above i6r. but under

175. per boll, first low duty,

the boll - at or above 17j. per boll, fe- OIO O Ov I

cond low duty, the boll 0 0 6 J 0 5 .0 the 100 bolls.

For the conditions, regula- I

v tions, and restrictions under which such corn may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, See 31 Geo. III. cap. 30.

- and 33 Geo. III. cap. 65.

when taken out to be used

or consumed in Great Britain, such duties fltaU first be paid as shall at the time of taking out be due and payable for the like fort of corn, meal, or flour, imported into the same port from any foreign country, and also, in addition to such duties, the feteral and respective ties herein specified under the name of the first low duties.

His Majesty in council may when the general average price of any sort of corn or oat-meal m England of Scotland respectively shall appear to be at or above the prices at which foreign corn, ttreal, or flour of the same fort is allowed by law to be imported, at the first low duty herein specified, per mit generally the impor tation" into England or Scotland respectively, or the taking out of ware house for home confermp*-tion of any such fort of

TABLE (B.) — Continued.

Corn, continued.

foreign corn, meal, or flour, on payment of the second low duty only as herein specified, and no other; and such permit-fion shall continue in force for the space of three months at least from the date of the order in council made for that purpose. See 33 Geo. III. cap. 65.

His Majesty in council is authorised, whatever may, be the general price of any sort of corn, or grain, or of oat meal in England or Scotland respectively from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit generally the importation into Great Britain of any foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats/or any meal or flour, or bread, biscuit, or malt made thereof, or any Indian.corn or maize, or meal or flour made thereof, in any British veflei or in any other veflei belonging to persons of any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty, navigated in aqy manner Whatever, and also the taking out of warehouse for home consumption of any such foreiga corn or other article as aforesaid, without payment of any duty; his Majesty is like-wife authorised in like manner toreqal such perr

Duty.

Additional Duty, if imported tn dn'jAme-rican ship or Vessel.

£*d-

L

d.

Drawback.

1

TABLlE (B.,) — Continued.

Corn, cootintied.

million, either in part dr in the whole, if cfrcum-stances shall appear so to require. See 39 Geo. III. cap. 87. continued by fe-vetal acts, and by 4jGfeo. III. cap. A. further continued to the 1st January 1804.

Note. All foreign corn when delivered put of any ship or vessel in the port* of London, is fulled also to a duty of two-pence*per last, or ten quarters, to be paid to the inspec-for of corn returns.

Cotton Wool, the iodbs.

Fish Oil. See Oil.

Gum, viz. Cafcew Gum, the cwt. - Head-Matter. See Oil.

Hemp, rough or undressed, the ton, quantity ao cwt.

Hides, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the hide — Horse, Mare, or Gelding in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the hide -

Hides or pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, tidt particularly enumerated or described, for every £. ifco of the value -

Indigo, the ioolbs.

Iron, viz.

-V- in bast, or unwrought, the tcin, quantity 20 cwt. --Pig iton, the ton, quantity zo cwt.

fflSiS!*. or Bo*rp, fa.}» w--Oil, viz.

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head-matter, the tori, quantity 252 gallons - — Train Oil or Blabber, or Fish Oil, do. Vol. XLIV. A a

£ s'

Additional fluty, if import^ 6d in an American Ship or Vessel.

£ r.

£*d.

084 0 0 10

042 ° 0 5

050 W". 0 0

*0 0 0 007

I the Stead.;

0 0 6f OO7

I the Dozen.

3 a 0 0 7

0 12 6 0 I 3

0 13 0 0 7 9

046 O 2 0

22 I O 2 4 1

21 O O 2 2 0

Drawback.

I. 14

H O

3£4. Annq^egni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68. [1803.

TABLE (B.) — 1Continued.

Pitch, the last, quantity 12 barrels, each barrel quantity 31! gallons Provisions.

Note* His Majesty is authorised to permit, by his order in council, the importation into Great Britain, from any port or place, in any Bri'tifti ftlip or vessel, orinany other ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty. of any beans called kidney or French beans, tares, lentiles, calavances, and all other forts of pulse; and also bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, iheep, lambs, and swine, beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or otherwise, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, duty free, provided due entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorised in like manner to recal such permis-fion, either in the part or in the whole, if circumstances shall seem so to require. See29 Geo. III. cap.87. continued by subsequent acts, and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 12. further continued until the 1st January 1804.

Rice, the cwt.

--imported into any of the ports of Great Britain, and secured in warehouses, the cwt.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which such rice may be so warehoused, and the remaining duties thereon secured by bond of the importer, See 37 Geo. III. cap. 97.

- when taken out of such ware-houses, to be used in Great Britain, the ciyt.

- imported into the ports of London,

£ s d* o is 9

O 4 8j

008

£. s. d.

Drawback.

£ s. d.

o 10 0

0 4 0

0 9

the Ton.

o 9

the Tyn.

040

TABLE (B.) — Continued.

Rice continued

Bristol, Portsmouth, Cowes, Liverpool, Lancaster, Falmouth, Poole, Whitehaven, Hull, Greenock, and Port Glasgow, or either of them, may be entered and landed, and secured in warehouses, without payment of any duty.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which such rice may be so warehoused, See 37 Geo. III. cap. 97.

- When taken out of such warehouses, to be used in Great Britain, the cwt.

See the note under the head of Provisions.

Hofin, or Calophonia, the cwt.

Seed, viz.

- Hemp Seed, the quarter, quantity 8

bushels -

- Rape Seed, the last, quantity 10 quar-

ters, each quarter being 8 busheh - For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which rape seed maybe imported, under payment of fhis duty, and under which such feed may be secured in warehouses without payment of any duty. See this article in Schedule A.

Ships. See Tonnage.

Skins, viz.

- Beaver Skins, undressed, the skin

- Calves' Skins in the hair, not tanned,

tawed, or in any way dreffect, the dozen skins -

Snuff, the lb.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which snuff may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty until delivered out of such warehouses for home trade or consumption in Great Britain, See 37 Geo. III. cap. 97.

Snuff is also subject to a duty of efceife.

A A 2

£. s. d.

C

Additional Duty, ff imported in an American Ship or Vessel

d.

Drawback.

£. s. d.

048} 094

the Too.

0 2 0 0 0 2

0 0 s\ 042

the 400 Quarter 1.

0 2 6 O O U)

O 6 3i 6 2 6

the (00 skins.

0 X 2 f OOI

0. X °{ 0 10 0 the (00 lbs.

0 i 4

TABLE (B.) — Continued.

Spermaceti, fine, the lb.

- Oil. See Oil.

Staves. See Wood.

Tar, the last, quantity 12 barrels, each baitel not exceeding 3it gallons Tobacco, the lb. 1 -

For the conditions, regulations,

and restrictions under which tobacco (may be fetured In warehous's without ^ayifitnt f of dut]£, intil delivered out of ! inch warehouses fot* home trade, cdnfumption, jer tfta- nufacture in Great Britain,

See 37 Geo. III. cap. 97.

+ — 4, — having been delivered oiit of the Warehouse for home trade, con-Aimption, dr manufactune, and afterwards manufactured according to law into shorr-cu.r tofo^co, Jbag tobacco, roil toblacco, or Carrot tobacco, and exported, the lb.

Tobacco is also subject to a duty of excise.

Tonnage duty, viz.

On ships of vessels entering in*-wards or outwards (except in ballad) in any port of Great Britain, from or to foreign parts* See Table No. 3. at the end of Schedule A.

Additional tonnage duty on ship* a fed vessels belonging to tht inhabit* t&nts of the United States of America, coming or arriving within the limits of any port of Great Britain, for every ton burthen

Turpentine common, the cwt. Whale-firts, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. Wood, via.

- Anchor Stocks, the piece

- Bjalks of all forts, under 8 inches

square, the 120

o 12 o

o o 61

G 2 6

i 20 O O

OO6

o 10 o

Additional

Duty, if imported in tn Ame-, rfcan Shipor 1 Vessel ^Drawback.

£*d* O 0 I & s. 0 0 o

0 12 o i 6 ttie ioo lbt. 0 7 3

0 z o

00 3

12 O O

006 0 ro 0

906

016

90 0 0

TABLE (B.)-Continued. Duty. Ad^htOftt! Putjr, if imjxjrt-in an A men- Drawback.

Wood, continued. - — Battens and fatten ends of all forts, £. s. d. & i. d.

the 120 - Beech plank of all forts, the 120 - Beech quarters of all forts, under O O l/l C/ % O O o, io 0 0 10 0

8 inches square, the 120 - - — Boards, viz. — Clapboards not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square, 0 10 0 0 10 0 -

the 120 " Pipe bpards of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square, the no — of all forts not other wise enu- 076 0 39-

0 12 0 00 0

merated or described, the 120 — Bowsprits. $*e Masts. .050 0 10 0

Box-wood, thq ton, quantity 20cwt. — Deal and Deal ends of all torts, the 100 099

120 - -» 050 0 10 0

Ebony, the ton* quantity 20 cwt. - — Firewood, the fathom, 6 feet wide 0 129no 4

and 6 feet high — Fir-quarters of all forts under 8 inch- 00 6 V. O O

es square, the 120 — Handspikes, under 7 feet in length, 0 10 0 0 10 0

the 120 -- 7 feet in length or up- 0 14 0 1 5

wards, the 120 — Knees of Oak of all forts^ under 8 inches square, 028 0 2 10

the 120 — 8 inches square, or upwards, the load, quantity 50 cubic, feet - Lath-wood in pieces of all forts, the fathom 6 feet wide and 050 0 3 4 0 3 4 0 1 10 1

6 feet high 036 038

Lignum vitae, the ton, quantity 2Q cvyt. 068 058

- Mahogany, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. — Masts, Yards, or Bowspritq, viz. - 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, the 268 048 1 I TO0

piece - f 0 20, 002 0 I

TABLE (B.) — Continued.

Wood, Mails, Yards, &c. continued.

' 8 inches in diameter, and

under 12 inches, the piece

12 inches in diameter, or upwards, the load, quantity, 50 cubic feet. — Oak plank of all forts, the 120 — Oars, the 120 --

- Olive Wood, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. — Round Wood in pieces of all forts under 8 inches square, the 120

--Spars of all forts, under 6 inches in

diameter, exclusive of the bark, the 120

1Speckled Wood, the ton, quantity, 20 cwt.

--Spokes for wheels of all forts, the 1000

- Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120 --w — -«s — exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120 — Sweet Wood, the tpn, quantity 20 cwt.

j - Timber, viz.

- Oak timber, 8 inches square or upwards, the load, quantity 50 cubic feet.

- of aj) forts, being 8 inches square, or upwards, not particularly enumerated or deferred qr otherwise charged with duty, the load, q tity 50 cubic feet Users of all forts under 8 inches fqi the i2p

cubic feet

Yards. See Mails, unmanufa&pred, qpt particularly

£. 100 of the value

Duty. ! Additional [)uty, ifimi>ori-ed in an Arne-'rican Shiy or VesselJ Drawback.

C d* 3 £ j* f J.

O 0 006 Q 2 1

0 189050 0 12 0 076 0 1 10 046 092 0 10 5 098

O O 0 4 1

010 0 039 '

010 0 039 0 109063

009 Oil

016 0 2 9

0 10 0 0 13 2

034 0 2 0

016 0 2 0 \

0 10 0 0 10 0 )

I 034 0 29I

3 |2 0 1 20c > ! /

TABLE (B.) — Continued.

scribedyorotherwise charged with duty in this table, not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence according to law, shall and may be entered and landed on payment of such duties of customs (and also of excise in cases where duties of excise are due and payable thereon) and no higher, as are payable on goods, wares, and merchandize of the like denomination or description upon their importation into Great Britain in British-built ships from any other foreign country; and in cases where different duties are imposed upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the like denomination and description imported from different foreign countries then upon payment of the lowed duties which by law are required to be paid on the importation in British-built Blips of any such goods, wares, and merchandize* from any foreign country, according to the schedule and tables referred to in the act to which this table is annexed.

All goods, wares, and merchandize, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of any of the territories of the United States of America, and imported directly from thence in American ships or vessels, and not being particularly charged with an additional duty when so imported, for every £. 100 of the produce and amount of the several duties of customs due and payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of the like goods or merchandize from any of the said United States in British-built ships or vessels -

Note — !f any goods or merchandize, so imported from the United States of America, shall be permitted, by

d % !^, j, d*

10 o 0

Duty.

TABLE (8.) — Coptfaued. Duty. Additions! I red m an American Ship or Drawback.

Goods, fcc. continued. virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force at the time of fuel) importation, to be secured in ware-houses without payment of the duties due on the importation thereof.

then and in such case the additional duties of customs shall not be payable, unless and until such goods shall be taken out of such warehouses, for the purpose of being uied or consumed in Great Britain.

TABLE (c.) ,

A Tabic of the Duties of Customs payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and secured in Warehouses:

Also, of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when taken out of such Warehouses, to be used or consumed in Great Britain\ together with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of certain, of those Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Great Britain.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Bail Indies.

Duty.

1____

Drawback.

" -

1

Goods, wares, and merchandize so imported, to be secured in sparehouses, under live conditions, regulations, and restrictions directed and required by 39 Geo. III. cap. 59, viz. y- Mullins plain, Nanquin cloths, ' muslins or white calicoes flowered or ditched, for every £.100 of the value -

r — rPlain white calicoes, plain white dimity, and.all goods, wares, and merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain* for every £. 1 qo of the value -

y — Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, for every £.100 of the value -

- Sugar, for every £. j00 6f tbfc value

- t-All other goods, wares, and merchandize

jC-&

7 w 0

Z 10 0

2 10 O

TABJ, E (C.) — Continued.

Goods, &c. continued.

(except builion, cotton, saltpetre, and te?), for every jf.ioo of the value Which several values shall be ascertained according to the gross price at which such goods respectively shall have been sold at the publick Tales of the said company, without any deduction or abatement whatever.

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the said duties may be secured by bond. See 39 Geo. III. cap. 59. Goods, wares, and merchandize so imported and warehoused (not being prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain) may be delivered from such warehouses for the purpose of being ufod or consumed in Great Britain, on payment of the following duties of cuf* toms, exclusive of the duties before mentioned, paid or secured by the said company, on warehouOng any of the said good*; and also on payment of such excise or other duties, as shall be due or payable thereon at the time of such delivery, viz.

Almonds, viz.

- Bitter, the cwt.

- r-of any other fort, the cwt.

Aloes, viz.

- $ocotorina, the lb*.

- ef any Other fort the lb.

Alum, the cwt.

- Roch Alutp, the cwt*

Amber, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- Rpugh, the lb.

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the valu

Ambergris, the pz. troy -

Atnmoniacum Gum* See Gum Ammoniacus.

——, - Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Animi Gum. See Gum.

Aniseed* See Seed.

Annotto, the cwt.

Aqua-fprtis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. Seie Gum.

Arango* Beads. See Beads.

'Arangoes, for every £.100 of the value -

Arrack, See Spirits.

Arsenic, the cwt.

Afa-foetida, the lb,-

Duty.

£ 5. d.

200

Drawback.

£ dm

1

o

10

4

009

5°

o

o

2L

52 TO O

O

0

7

o

TABLE (C.) — Continued. Duty. Drawback.

Auripigmentura. See Orpiment. £. s.

Balsam, viz. — — Artificial, the lb. 1 Natural, the lb. Bamboo Canes. See Canes. Barilla, the cwt. 02 0 ° 19078

Bark, viz., — Jeluit's Bark, or Cortex Peruvianus, the lb. r 0 10

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.ico of the value - 35 0 0

Bdellium, the'lb. - - - 0 04

Beads, viz. — Amber Beads; the lb. Arangoe Beads, for every ^.ico of the value — Coral Beads, the lb. - Crystal Beads, the 1000 - -«£. ioo of the value - 06 0 52 10 0 095 0 16 10 50 0 0

Bees Wax. See Wax. Benjamin, the lb. # 008

Bezoar Stones, the oz. troy - - - 010

Books, viz. bound, the cwt. - unbound, the cwt. - Borax, viz. refined, the lb. - - unrefined, or lineal the lb. - Bottles of green or common glass, full or empty, not of left content than one pint, and not being phials, the dozen; quarts - 400 300 008 004 050

Brandy. Sec Spirits. Builion, and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free. Cajaputa, Oil of See Oil. Cake-lac. See Lac, in Gum. Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis. Callicoes, viz. — 7 Plain white callicoes, for every £. 100 of the value 50 0 0

Drawback to be allowed on the exportation of such of the said goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, for every £.100 of the value White, flowered or {Inched. See Muslins. Calves* Skins, bee Skins. Cambogiuav See Gamboge. Camel Hair. See Hair.; 1 ' 50 0 0 i

I

Camphire, viz.

refined, the lb., -

- r — unrefined, the lb.

Candles of Wax, the lb.

Canes, viz.

- Bamboo, the icoo -

- Rattans (not Ground Rattans) the 1000 -.

- Reed Canes, the 1000 -

- Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted, inlaid, or otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for every £, 100 of the value — Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon's Blood, and other Walking Canes or Sticks, the 1000 Cantharides, the lb.

Caps of Cotton, for every £.100 of the value Cardamoms, the Jb. -

Carmenia Wool. See Goat Hair, in Hair.

Carabine, the oz. troy.

Carpets, viz.

- of Persia, the yard square -

- of Turkey, containing yards square or upwards, the carpet - — containing less than yards square, the carpet -

Cashew Gum. Cassia,

See Gum.

viz.

Buds, the lb.

- Fiftula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

CaftoT*Oil off' } See 0iI*

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

China-root, the lb.

China Ware, for every £*100 of the value Cinnabar. See Vermilion.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Cloves, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Cochineal, the lb. Cocoa Nuts, the lb.

Subject also to an inland duty of excise. Coculus Indus, the lb.

Cpffte, the lbP.-- -

Subject alfp to an inland duty of excise.

/. S. d.

o on o o 7 016

1 1 1

o 16 4

o

80

o

o

o

0

o

o

SO 0 o 289

0 I 10

52 o o 010

016

1 10 O

2 15 O

o 14 1

o 0.6 004 O 12

0 3 3

£' s* d.

364 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 68.*fP°3- ... i

TABtE (C.) — Continued. Duty. Drawback.

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver. See Bullion. £. £.*d.

Coloquintidu, the lb. / 009

Colours for Painters. See Painters* Colours.

Columbo Root, the Jb. - t> O' 8

Contraycrvx Lapis. See Lapis. — t — Radix. See Radix. Copal Gum. See Qum. Copper, viz. — Ore, the cwt. - 0 ><* b;

Unwrought, viz. n v - — - Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and 0

all Cast Copper, the cwt. 0 j 0

Coin, the cwt. - -094*1

Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, ham- me red or raised, the cwt. - -> 0 18 8 L,

Manufactures of Copper, Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved, for every £.i&> of the value*50 e 0 '

Coral, viz. Beads. See Beads. - in Fragments, the Ibw -» 0 ft

- Wholey polished, the lb. - - - 0 6 10

- unpoHlhed, the lb. - Cordivant Skins. See Skin*, Coriander Seed. See Seed. 0 T 4

Cortex Peruviainus. See Jesuit's Bark, in Bark. Coitus, the lb. 006

Cotton, viz. — Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described* for every £. ioo of the value - - 5z 0 0

- Thread. See Thread. Wool. See Wool. - — Yarn. See Yarn. Cowries, for every £. i oo of the value 5a 10 0

Crystal Beads. See Beads. Ctvbebs, the lb. - - - _ - 0 c

Cummin Seel. See Seed. Dragrydium.* See Scammony. Diamonds, duty free. J

Dimity, viz." — plain White Dimity, for every £. too of the.value - 50»0

Drawback to be allowed on the exportation of such of the said goods whkh fhaB jiave been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, fur every £.ioo of the value - - S& 0 0

Dog Skins. See Skits.

Drawings; coloured, each - v -

- r — (plain, each* -

Drugs on Which speclfic duties are payable, according to the quantity. See the several articles in Uphibetkal course.

- mantftdtured, not particularly enuny rated or deferred* or otherwise charged with duty, for*eydir^vioo of the value — unmfeiiut'i&used, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every of the value -

Earthen Ware. See China.

Ebony. $ee Wood.

ElemiGuUu See Gum.

Elephants4 Teeth, the cwt.

Elk Skins* See Sfciris.

Emeralds. Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except diamonds), for every ^.ioo of the value -

Feathers; Viz.

- 1--- Oftifch Feathers, dsessed, the lb.

- undressed, the lb.

- of any Other fort, -for every £.ioo-of the

value --

Flax, rough or undretfied, the ewt.

Forcll Seed. See Garden Seed, in Seed.

Galanga, the lb.

Galbanuitt, the lb.* u -

Gallsythe cwt.* -

Gamboge, the lb.*

Garden Seed. See Seed.

'Garnets, viz.

- cut, the lb...

- rough, the lb. T

Gem Sal. See Sad.

Geneva. See Spirits*

Ginger, the cwt.

- pteserved, tht lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

Glafi, via.

- Bottles. See Bottles.

- broken, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt. — Manufactures of, Mt otherwise enumerated or ddferibed, for every £.100 of the Value

F Paintings on Cfcfess, for every £.100 of the Value f Glass is subject aWo to a duty of Offtife.

£*4*

8

JO

£. S. d.

50 O O

35

t 7 ©

5 6 0

1 i tl 8

0 8 6

35«0

0 0 3;

0 0 3

0 0 7

b 5

0 0 8

0 16 10

0 5*1

0 14 0

O 0 q

0 0 10

0 1 9

70 0 0

SO 0 0

TABLE (C.) — Continued* Duty. Drawback.

Goat Hair. See Hair. Gold Goto, Foreign. See Bullion* Plate. See Plate. Gum, viz. £ s. d. £ j. d.

Ammoniacus, the lb. 00 6

Animi, the lb.*004

Arabic, the cwt..» -042

- Caihew, the cwt. - 042

Copal, the lb. - 0 0 10

- Elemi, the lb. - - Lac, viz. 004

Cake-lac, the lb. - - - Shell-lac, or Seed-lac, the lb. Stick-lac, the cwt. ' - 002 003 048

- Opopanax, the lb.*020

- Sagapenum, the lb. - - - 00 5

- Sandrake or Juniper, the cwt. 0 10 6

- Sarcocolla, the lb. - - - 005

- Senega, the cwt. - - 0 4 2

Tragacasyb, the lb. - not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 006

£.100 of the value - - - / " Hair, viz. O O ro

Camel, the lb. - 0 oil

Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb. 0 6 2

Human, the lb.* - - Handkerchiefs of Silk, printed, stained, painted or 0 2 6

dyed, for every £. ioo of tht value See the act to which this table is annexed. Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other vegetable substance, of the nature and quality of undressed hemp, and applicable to the same purposes, the fed t/l O O

ton, quantity 20 cwt. - Hides, viz. — - Buffajo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair, and not O O

tanned, tawed, or in any way dreiled, the hide — - Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the hair, and not 006

tanked, tawed, or in any way dressed, the hide — or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such, for every £.100 of the value - dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty 0 06

<8 0 p -

Hides, continued*

>as such, for every £.100 of the value -

Horns, viz.

- Buffalo, Cow, or Ox, the 100

- manufactured, for every £.100 of the value -

- unmanufactured, not other wise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each Human Hair. See Hair.

Huffe Skins. See Skins.

Japanned Ware, for every £.xoo of the value Jesuit's Bark. See Bark.

Jewels. See Emeralds.

Indigo, the 100 lbs.

This duty on indigo is payable when taken out of the warehouse either for exportation or to be used in Great Britain.

Iris-root. See Orrice.

Juniper Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

Knubs of Silk. See Silk.

Lac. See Gum.

Lacquered Ware, for every £.100 of the value Lambs' Wool. See Wool.

Lapis, viz.

- Calaminaris, the cwt.

- Contrayervse, the oz. troy -

- Lazuli, the lb.

Tutiae, the lb.

Lazuli Lapis. See Lapis.

Lead, viz.

- White Lead, the cwt.

Leopard Skins. See Skins.

Linseed, Oil. of See Oil.

Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Mace, the lb.

Oil of See Oil.

Madder Root, the cwt.

Manna, the lb.

Maps, the piece

Martin Skins. See Skins.

Mastich, viz.

Red, the lb.

- of any other fort, the lb. Molasses, the cwt.

Mother of Pearl shells, rough, the lb.

Mu(k, the oz. troy -

Muslins plain, Nanquin Cloths, Muslins or white

Duty. 1 Drawback.

1- i. d. £>*d.

90 0 0

0 3 4

5Q 0 0

20 0 0

3 0 0

0 0 to 0

0 10 5

50 o o

o

o

o

o

062

o 5 7

028 008 0*0 8

004 o o o 4 o o

TABLE (C.) — Continued. Duty. Drawback.

Callages, flowered or ft itched, for every iOO of the value Drawback to be allowed on the exportation of

20 0 0 '

futh of the said goods 'which shall have been ' printed* stained, painted, or dyed, -in Great -

Britain, for every £.100 xif the value Myrobalanes, vie. — 20 0 0

- candied, the lb. - -'dry, the Cwt. - 0 6«050'-

Myrrh, the lb. -: Nanquin Cloths. See Mullins. 0 0 8

Nutmegs, the lb. — < — Oil of See Oil. 1 0 J 4

Nux Vomit*, tltfc lb. - Oil, viz.*O O

of Cajaputa, the 102*. troy — of Cattia, the oz* troy 0 i 6

0 1 6

- of Castor, the lb* - -« — Chemical Oil not otherwise enumerated et Bb-i 0 b §

feribed, for evdry £. too of the value -^56 0 so

- of Cinnamon, the oz. troy.0 2 6!

- of Cloves, "the ot, troy - - 0 0 8

- of Liftfeed, the tun, quantity 252 gallons 28 11 6

- of Mace, the oz* troy - 010

- of Nutmegs, the oz. trojr -, 0 1 0

- of Turpentine, the lb. - not otherwise enumerated t>r described, for every 0 o- 3

£.ibt> of the vhlue - 5 0 of -

Oker, the Cwt. -, - -! x> 4 -0s

Olibanum, the cwt. ..*5 4

Opium, the ?b. v..- - Opopanax Gum. Set Gum. < 630

Orange Flower Water, the gallon Ore, viz. — of Copper* fee Copper. of Gold or Silver. See Bullion* 0 I

Orpime/n Of AoriFfigdientum, the cwt. --< 6 If 6

Orrice or Iris Rt>ot, the cwt. 0 17 {

Ostrich FetfhefS. See Feathers. Painters' Colours, nfct otherwise enumerated or feribeq, the lb.»Paintings otrGfefs. See Glass. Paper, viz* — Browtrt Prfper, ntade of old rope of cordage only, without fepatatiflg or extracting the pitch or Carr therttfrofn, and without any mixture of other

O O

materials therewith, the lb.,* 0 0 6

TABLE (C.) — Continued.

-Paper, continued.

Pointed, painted, or stained paper, or paper hangings, the yard square - - of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, the lb. Pearls, for every ^.100 of the value Pepper, the lb.

- Cayenne Pepper, the lb.

- Long Pepper, the lb.

Pickles of all forts, not otherwise enumerated of described, the gallon Pictures, viz.

- under two feet square, the pi&urc — of two feet square, and under four feet square, the picture -

- of four feet square or upwards, the picture

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullion.

- of Gold, the oz. troy --- of Silver, gilt, the oz. troy -

- Part-gilt, the oz. troy

- ungilt, the oz. troy -

Precious Stones. See Emeralds.

Prints, viz.

- Paper Prints, plain, the piece -

- coloured, for every £.100 of the

value - - '

Provisions.

Notie. — His Majesty is authorised to permit by his order in council, the importation into Great Britain, from any port or place, in any British ship or vessel, or in any other ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, of any beans, called kidney or French beans, tares, lentiles, calavances, and all other forts of pulse; and also bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swing; beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether faked or other wise; bacon, bamS| tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, ricej sago, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, duty free, provided due entry be made. His Majesty is likewise authorised, in like manner, to recal such permission, either in part or in the whole, B B

Duty.

£ s. d.

069

O I

2 2 0

4 4 0

6 6 q

*73 0 39036 026

o 0 10 50 o o

Drawback.

£ s- d-

TABLE (C.) — Continued# Duty. Drawback.

Provisions, continued. if circumstances shall seem so to require, See 39 Geo. III. cap. 87. continued by subsequent acts, and by 43 Geo. III. cap. 12# further continued until the 1st January 1804. d. £ i. d.

Quicksilver, the lb. - p 1 0

Radix Contrayeme, the lb. Rattans. See Canes. Red Wood. See Wood. Reed Canes. See Canes. 009

Rhubarb, the lb. 0 1 0

Rice, the cwt. - See the note under the head of Provisions. Roch Alum. See Alum. Rose Wood, See Wood. Rubies. See Emeralds. Rum. See Spirits. 0 4 8

Safflower, the cwt. - - 050

Saffron, the lb. - Sagapenum Gum. See Gum. 040

Sago, the lb. -'See the note under the head of Provisions. V 0 0

Sagq Powder, for every ^.100 of the value - See the note under the head of Provisions. Sal, viz. 0 0 0

- Ammoniacus, the lb. - 0 0 I

- Gem, the cwt. - 048

Salep or Salop, the lb> 006

Salt-petre, the cwt. - - - Sandrake Gum. See Gum. 003

Sanguis Draconis, the lb. Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum. Saunders, viz. red, the cwt. white, the lb. — yellow, the lb. 0 0 10 0 2 4 004 OO4

Scammony, the lb.*0 3 6

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the lb. Seal Skins. See Skins. Seed, viz. QIC

- Aniseed, the cwt.*-, I 7 9

- Coriander Seed, the cwt. - 0 5 9

Cummin Seed, the cwt. - — Garden Seed dr Forest Seed, not particularly O96

enumerated or described, the lb. - 0 0 3

Worm Seed, the lb. - r*not particularly enumerated pr described, or a 0 8 '

TABLE (C.) — Continued.

Seed, continued.

otherwise charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value Seed-lac. See Lac, in Gum.

Sena, the lb.

Senega Gum. See Gum.

Sheeps' Wool. See Lambs* Wool, in Wool.

Shellac. See Lac, in Gum.

Silk, viz.

- Handkerchiefs. See Handkerchiefs.

--Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

--Raw Silk, viz.

- Bengal Raw Silk, the lb.

- of any other fort, the lb.

--Waste Silk, the lb.

Silver Coin, foreign. See Bullion.

--Plate. See Plate.

Skins, viz.

- Calves* skins, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the dozen skins

- Cordivants, dressed, the dozen skins

--Dog skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed, the dozen skins -

--Elk skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed, the (kin -

- Huffe skins, undressed, the (kin -

- Leopard skins, undressed, the (kin

--Martin skins, undressed, the (kin

- Seal skins, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way dressed, the (kin -

- Squirrel skins, undressed, the ioo skins

- Tyger skins, undreffect, the (kin

- or pieces of (kids, raw or undressed, not particu-

larly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty as such, for every £.100 of the value -

- or pieces of skins, tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed, not particularly enumerated or describea, or otherwise charged with duty as such, for every £.100 of the value -

Snuff, the lb.*-

Subject also to a duty of excise* Socotorin^Aloes. See Aloes.

Spikenard, thejb.

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, the gallon -

- Brandy, the gallon -

- Geneva, the gallon -

SB2

Dufy.

£ Sd. 35 o c

0 0 9

o 1 10

030

040

O X 10

0 T 2

1 o 'o

006

0 0 8

1

o

7

4

35 O O:

90 o o 008

o I 8

o I I

Q I I

0X0

Drawback.

£ d.

TABLE (C.) — Continued. Duty. j Drawback.

Spirits, continued. 3 £. s. £. i.

Rum, the gallon - - Spirits are subject also to a duty of excise. o> 0 0

Squills, the cwt. - - - 030

Squinanthum, the lb. Squirrel skins. See Skins. Stick Lac. See Lac, in Gum. Stockings of Cotton, for every £.100 of the value Storax, viz. 005

52 0 0

- Calamita or Liquida, the lb. In the tear or gum, the lb. 008 050

Succades, the lb, - OIO

Sugar, the cwt. - - - Note. — The duties on sugar imported into Great Britain are to continue in force, until 12 0

the 25th day of March 1804, and no longer. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed. Sugar Candy, viz. s

Brown, the cwt. — White, the cwt. - 3 10 0 5 12 0

Tale, the lb. 0 0 7

Tamarinds, the lb. - OO3

Tea, for every £. 100 of the value Subject also to a duty of excise, For the conditions, regulations, and reftrjdions, under which tea may be taken out of the warehouse, duty free, for exportation to Ireland, See 41 Geo. III. cap. 75. Teake Wood. See Wood. SOO SOC

Terra Japonica, the lb. - -.-Thread, viz. Cotton thread, for every £.100 of the 0 0

value Tincal. See Borax unrefined. 52 0 0

Tobacco, the lb. - - Subject also to a duty of excise. Tonnage duty on ships or vessels entering inwards or outwards (except in ballast), from or to foreign parts. See Table No. 3. at the end of Schedule A.'Tortoise-shell, viz. 1 — Manufactures of, for every £.106 of O O ON

the value1 Tragacanth Gum. See, Gum. 50 0 c 0 I IC \ 1

Turbith, the lb. - - - 014

Turmeric, the lb. - - Turpentine, Oil of See Oil. 00;

Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis.'.

TABLE (C.) — Continued. Duty. Drawback.

Tyger Skins. Sec Skins. Vermicelli, the lb. - See the note under the head of Provisions. £>*d. 003 V

Vermilion, or Cinnabar, the lb. - - Walking Canes. } Slicks. >See Canes. Wanghee Canes. J Wax, viz. 012

- Bees Wax, unmanufactureed, the cwt. - - 2 0 0

- white, or manufactured, the cwt. — Candles. See Candles. Wood, viz. Ebony, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. - — Red Wood, the ton, quantity 20 cwt. - - — Rose Wood, the cwt. - - - Tcake Wood, 8 inches square, or upwards, the 3 >5 Jo 500; a t

x load, quantity 50 cubic feet Wool, viz. - Carmenia Wool. See goats' Hair, in Hair. 0 19 0

- Cotton Wool, the 100 lbs. 084

Lambs* Wool or Sheeps* Wool, the cwt. Worm Seed. See Seed. 048

Yarn, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb. - - 00 5

Zedoaria, the lb. - All goods, wares, and merchandize imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, when so imported, o, 0 8

and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain, for every £.100 of the value All goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, when so imported, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in 50 0 0

Great Britain, for every £.iqq of the valuQ, 20 0 0

£74 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6$. [i8«j.

the cornmiC-sioners of excise, and the drawbacks, shall ceale.

Act not to

CAP. LXIX.

An act to repeal the duties tf excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof' — [July 4, 1803.]

WHEREAS the duties of excise are, in many cases, become numerous*d compheated, and it will tend to the publick benefit to consolidate andfimplify the Jdme\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the From July 5, same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one tnooiand 1803, the pre- eight hundred and three, all and-singular the duties, allowances, mider^hertia bounties, and drawbacks of excise, and other duties, under the nagement of" management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, granted by any act or acts of parliament now in force, shall cease and determine, saver and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three: provided always, 7 that nothing in this tics^ranteda< COnta*ned shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal by 43 Geo. 3. ofn anywise a^er the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, c 3. or the granted by an act of parliament, made in the present session of duties upoa parliament, intituled An act for continuing end granting to his ^dVruiff1000' ^aJefiy certatn duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the continued by fervue of year one thousand eight hundred and three; or the 43 Geo. 3. duties upon malt, tobacco, and snuff, continued by an act of the c. 4. except as present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and to the duties granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates hcei^es^andn England, Wales, and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and on tabacco, of certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff\ for the service of the Spain and year one thousand eight hundred and three, save and except as to the duties in the said last recited act granted on licences to be taken ogt by the manufacturers of and dealers in tobacco artd snuff, and also as to the duties in the said act granted on tobacco, of the growth, production, and manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain and Portugal, delivered for exportation: Nor extend to Provided also, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or the counter- be conftrired to extend, id repeal or anywise alter the countervailing duties of excise, upon the importation of goods and commodities from Ireland into Great Britain, granted by an act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An hft for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, or the drawbacks payable on goods exported from Great Britain to Ireland according to \he last mentioned act, save and except the countervailing duties and drawbacks granted by the said Iaft-receited act, for and in respect of beer, ale, and mum, bricks and tiles, cyder and perry, hops, mead or metheglin, spirits, vellum

and

Portugal:

vail ing duties on importation from Ireland, &c. except on certain articles.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 37$

'and parchment, gilt and hiver wire, and gold and fdver thread, lace, or fringe.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said From July 5, fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, in lieu t*g^the*11" and instead of the said duties of excise, and other duties under J^nexed sche-the management of the said commissioners of excise respectively dules, A. and by this act repealed, there (half be raised, levied, collected, and B. shall be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and, successors, upon the several

goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities mentioned and backs in described in the Schedules, marked A. and B. hereunto annexed, schedule C? and for the sales by auction, and for and upon the licences men- allowed in tioned in the said schedule marked A. the several sums of money and duties of excise as they are respectively inserted, described, cease &c# N and set forth in the said schedules; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid for or in respect of goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, for or in respect of which any duty of excise is imposed, to the several persons entitled to the same, the several allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of excise, as the same are also respectively inferred, described, and set forth in the schedule marked C. hereunto annexed; and also all other such special allowances as are particularly directed to be made by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, except so far as any such special allowances may be altered, varied, or repealed by this act. '

III. And be it further enacted, That fgch of the duties of Duties to be excise, by this act ionfeofed, as shall arise in that part of Greatunder the Britain called England, shall be under the management of the ^f^efr^pec-commissioners of excise in England, for the time being; and tive commis-such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called sioners of Scotland\ shall be under the management of the of

excise in Scotland, for the time being; and that the same shall be counte^for accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the as the repeal-person and persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, ed duties, payment, satisfaction, or discharge thereof, at such time and times, and in such manner as the hereby repealed duties of excise and other duties under the management of the said commissioners of excise respectively chargeable in the like cases, or upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities respectively, or upon any person or persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several sums of Duties and money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said drawbacks schedules hereunto annexed, marked A. and B., as the duties of to be^cviedT excise, and the allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of the &c# g8 former duties of excise upon the several goods, wares, merchandize, or duties, &c. commodities inserted in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked unfefs hereby >C f or mentioned in this act, shall and may be respectively aItere<i*

raised.

37^ Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

raised, levied; collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act), in such and the like manner, and in or, by any or either of the general or special means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the said commissioners of excise respectively, and the allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the said commissioners of'excise respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected* answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, and the several persons, and the goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, by this act respectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of excise, or entitled to allowances, bounties, or drawbacks of duties of excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedules hereunto annexed, marked A., B., and C., shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, and restrictions, to which such persons, goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, respecting the duties of excise, or other duties under the management of the said commissioners of excise xefpeAively, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, or by any other act or acts of this session of parliament* and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of de^th as others, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, for securing the revenue of excise, or other duties under the management of tl\e said commissioners of excise respectively, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, praAifed and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, proviGons, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

Duties to be V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any paid in pro- duty is imposed by this act on any specifick quantity of good*, Snliqliar!.6 wares, or merchandize, the same shall be understood, and deemed tity.*and taken to apply, in the same proportion, and after the same

rate, to any quantity greater or lef$ than such specifick quantity. Duties to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising

c^fofidated the duties by this act imposed, the necessary charges of

fund of Great ra^n8 anc* accounting for the same excepted, shall, from time Britain. 'to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at

WestminslcTy

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 377

Westminster, and shall be carried to and make part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

VII. And whereas, by divers acts for granting several of tie duties hereby repealed, it is provided, that, during the /face of ten years then next enffiing, there should be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties should, together with such other duties which were respectively granted for the purpose of making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, and of defraying any charge occasioned by certain loans made and flocks created by authority of parliament, be entered separate and apart from alt other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever: and whereas it is expedient that the whole of the duties by this act granted (except where special provision is otherwise made by this act), should be entered in one account, but that provision should nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the produce of such several grants of duties for the remainder of such respective periods, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day The whole of of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the whole of the the duties, duties of excise granted by this act shall be entered together in hereby* one account; and that, from and after the fifth day of July one provided, shall thousand eight hundred and three, the lord high treasurer, or be entered in lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or one account more of them, for the time being, shall, for and during the *"^ remainder of the respective periods of ten years, to be computed treasury shall from the time of granting such of the said duties as aforesaid as cause distinct were (o directed to be entered separately as aforesaid, cause fepa- accounts of rate and distinct accounts of what such duties would have amounted to, in case the same had not been and were not respect pararc for xo* lively hereby consolidated and collected with other duties of years from excise, to be made out in such manner and form as shall appear being granted to the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of his and Wdhefoic Majesty's treasury for the time being, best adapted to ascertain parliament, such amounts respectively; which accounts the said lord high treasurer or lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before parliament, together with the publick accounts directed to be laid before parliament pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laid annually Geo. j. before parliament j and for discontinuing certain other forms of account c. 7°* now in use.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That Act not to nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to affect penHons extend, to make void, alter, of prejudice, any disposition, appro- commissiem-priation, appointment, matter, or thing whatsoever, relative to cr8f Q{ the regular and usual payment of any pension or annuity charged cxciie, and made payable to any person or persons in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament, or by virtue of any grants or letters-patent, made or granted by any of his Majesty's royal prede ceflors, kings or queens of this realm, but that the same dispo- fitions.

378 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69.

[180^3.

fitions, appropriations, and appointments, shall continue, be in force, and take effect in the payment of all and every the annuities and pensions payable by the of or receivers-general of the duties and revenues of excise, in the same manner, and at the same time and times, that the said annuities and pensions have been usually paid before the said fifth day of Jufy one thousand eight hundred and three.

IX. And be it also further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or alter the hereditary revenue of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in Scotland, or other revenue then grafted to his Ute majesty King George the Second during his life, and renewed to his present Majesty during his life, by an act made in the iirft year of his Majesty's reign, or in any manner divert the payment of the several and respective annuities, bounties, ajnd other charges and expences which, in pursuance of any a# or a&a of parliament in force on and immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, have usually been, or ought to be satisfied and paid by the commissioners of excise out of the monies arisen by the duties and revenues of excift^or duties under the management of the commissioners of excise itt that part of Great Britain called Scotland, but that the same shall and may, and are hereby directed and required, to be frtis&ftd, paid, and discharged out of all or any of the said monies arisen, pr which shall hereafter arise by the said duties and revenues, and come into the hands of the said of in the same and like manner, and at the respective times at which the same have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

X. And whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (amongst other things ), for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, it zoos enacted, that, from and after the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), the sum of seven thousand and two pounds fourteen shillings and three-pence out of the monies arising by the new duties an licences to retail wine, reserved by an&ft of the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, should be paid and accounted for to the heirs and JuctefJors of his Majesty, in like manner as they were before the passing of an act of the first year rtf his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's

The sum re houshold, an^ of t^le honour and dignity of the crown of Great served out of Britain: and xpbereas the said duties on wine licences have been the duties on repealed, and certain duties of excise granted in lieu thereof which, licences to by the present act, are also repealed; be it further enacted, That retail wine, the aforesaid sum af seven thousand and two pounds fourteen €^19? shall be* ^filings and three-pence shall, from and after the demise of tus accounted for Majesty, (whom God long preserve), be so reserved, paid, and out of the accounted for, out of the duties by this act granted on licences duties on such to rctay foreign wine, in like manner as they are by the said act granted by required to be reserved, paid, and accounted for out of the like this act. < duiit* hereby repealed.

Act not to alter the hereditary revenue of his Majesty in Scotland, or the payment of annuities, &c. out of the revenues of excise.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 379

XI. And whereas by the aforesaid act of the twenty seventh year of the reign of his pro font Majesty, it was directed, that the commis-

Jkners of excise should compute the exact sums to which the whole of the hereditary duties of excise, which, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance; and for settlings a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and by several subsequent acts of parliament, were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, would amount, if the same had not been repealed or altered by another act of parliament, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, granting a certain sum out of the aggregate fund, in lieu of certain* of the said hereditary duties 5 and that the said of should transmit an account thereof quarterly, into the receipt of the exchequer; and also, that the proper officers of the said receipt of exchequer should set apart, out of the duties of excise granted by the before-mentioned act of the twenty-seventh year of the ^jie amount reign of his present Majesty, at the end of every quarter after the of what would demise of his present Majesty, such a sum of money as it should appear have been the by the said account the whole of the said hereditary duties of excise hereditary would have amounted to within such quarter, to be paid to the successors

of the King,s majesty for ever: and whereas the duties granted by the computed, set said act of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty apart, and are hereby repealed; be it therefore enacted, That the said quar- P^d out teriy sums shall be so computed, and shall be set apart and paid thfs ad^rant-out of the duties by this act granted, in like manner as they are ed> as directed by the said act directed to be computed and set apart out of the by 27 Geo. 3. duties of excise hereby repealed. c-3*

XII. And whereas by an act of parliament passed in the twelfth

year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for uCar.i. c.*. taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in*capite, and by knights service and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, it was etyacted, that s

every fix-and thirty gallons of beer should be reckoned, accounted, and returned for a barrel of beer, and every two-and- thirty gallons of ale for a barrel of ale; and that, in confederation of waste by fillings and leakage, all common brewers not felling beer and ale by retail, should be allowed three barrels upon every twenty-three barrels of beer, and ttoo barrels upon every twenty-two barrels of alt out of the said returns made by the gagers; and by another act made in the first year of the reign of King William and §>ueen Mary, intituled An act 1 W. and M* for an additional duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, c* it was enacted and declared, that for avoiding uncertainties and diffutes, every four* and thirty gallons of beer and ale brewed or made by the brewers, victuallers, or other persons chargeable with the duties of extift other than within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, should he reckoned and returned for a barrel of beer or ale; and that the allowances made to the common brewets other than within the said cities and limits, should be two barrels and a half upon every twenty-three barrels: and whereas it is expedient that the quantities to be returned as and for a barrel of beer or all brewed Or t made by the common brewer, and the allowances for

be 3 gallons out of that quantity for waite.

wajley should be in all placet the same; be it therefore enacted F«°m ^6ly 1* ^rom anc* a^ter day of sub otie thousand eigh

Ions (bainV hundred anc* three, every thirty-six gallons of beer or ale brewi reckoned a or made by the common brewers in Great Britain, whethe barrel of beer within the weekly biHs of mortality or without the same, takei or ale, made according to the standard of the ale quart, four whereof shal breweT^in0'ma^c the galk>n> remaining in the custody of the chamberlai Great Britain, of his Majesty's exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted* and and the a 1- returned by the gager or gagers, or other officers of excise, for lowance shall a barrel of beer or ale* and that the allowances to be made in Great Britain to the common brewers not felling beer, ale, or, worts, in any less quantity than a whole cask containing four gallons and a half, whether within or without the aforesaid limits, for waste by fillings and leakage of their beer or ale, or other wise out of the returns or charges made by the gagers or other officers, shall be three barrels upon every thirty-six barrels, both of strong beer and of table beer and ale, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity; any thing in the before-mentioned acts, or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said allowance to the common brewer of three barrels upon every thirty-six barrels 1 of beer and ale, shall be in full compensation for all waste or" other Losses or damages whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no beer or ale, brewed by the common brewers in Great Britain, shall be sold by such. common brewers at any other rate or quantity for the barrel than the aforesaid quantity of thirty-six galions; any law, practice, or

Such allowance to be in full for all losses.

No beer or ate shall be sold by the common brewers at

any other than usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that the above rate, but not to extend to other brewers.

nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alter or vary the quantity to be returned as and for a barrel of beer or ale brewed or made by any victualler or retailer, or by any person other than the common brewer, who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or aje publickly or privately, but that the same shall be and remain as was enacted and declared by the aforesaid act of the first year of King William and j Queen Mary, for an additional duty of excise on beer, ale, and other liquors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act weened contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void granted under any licence or licences granted under or by virtue of any law or any law or laws of excise in force on or before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, or to require or compel any person or persons to whom such licence shall have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh licence until the end and expiration of the term for which any such licence was granted; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this session of parliament.

SCHEDULES

Act not to make void licences

excise.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69* 38

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

DUTIES OF EXCISE IN GREAT BRITAIN.

AUCTIONS.^ duty.

For every twenty shillings of the purchase-money £. s. d. arising or payable by virtue of any Tale at auction in Great Britain of any interest, in possession or reversion in any freehold, custoraaij, copyhold, or leasehold lands, tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and any share or shares in the capital or joint stock of any corporation or chartered company, and of any annuities or sums of money charged thereon, and of any ships and vessels, and of any reversionary interest in the publick funds, and of any plate or jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less Aim of such purchase-money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by commission - - -006

For every* twenty shillings of the purchase-money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horses and carriages, and all other goods and chat-

tek whatsoever, and so in proportion for any greater s

or less sum of such purchase-money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by commis-mission - o o 10

BEER.

For every barrel of strong beer or ale, or beer or ale above sixteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, and not being two-penny ale, mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union with Scotland, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any common brewer, or other person or persons, who shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such common brewer or other person or persons respectively - - o 10 o

For every barrel of table beer, or beer or slle of sixteen shillings the barrel or under, exclusive of the duty hereby imposed thereon, which shall be brewed, in Great Britain by any common brewer, or other person or persons, who shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such common brewer, or other person or persons respectively. o. 2 o

Beer

t

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continutd. duty.

Beer continued. £. s. d.

For every barrel of two-penny ale, mentioned and described in the feveqch article of the treaty of union with Scotland, to be paid by the common brewer or victualler -, -042*

For every barrel containing thirty-two galions, wine measure, of spruce beer, and of all other forts or kinds of beer or ale, and for every such barrel of mum which shall be imported from parts beyond the seas into Great Britain, the same not being Irish beer, ale, or mum, imported dir^CHy from Ireland, to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof -- - 2 o o

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every thousand of bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following dimensions, that is to say, ten inches long, three / inches thick, and five inches wide - -050

For every thouknd of bricks which shall be made in Great Britain exceeding any of the foregoing di-menfiops - o jo o

For every thousand of bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and which shall be smoothed or polished on one or more side or fides, the same not exceeding the superficial dimensions of ten inches long by five inches wide - - - O 12 O

For every hundred of such last mentioned bricks, ex- (The duties ceeding the aforesaid superficial dimensions - For every thousand^f plain tiles which shall be made

in Great Britain - o 4 10

For every thousand of pan or ridge tiles which shall be made in Great Britain - L -01210

For every hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten inches square -- 0 2 5

For every hundred of paving tiles which shall be

made in Great Britain, exceeding ten inches square o 4 10 For every thousand tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are herein-before'enumerated or described, by whatever name or

Dames such tiles are or may be called or known -04 IQ The said duties on bricks and tiles to be paid by the maker or makers thereof re- ipe&iyely.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other candles whatsoever, except wax

and

SCHEDULE A, continued.

PUTY.

Candles, continued.

and spermaceti candles, which shall be made in Great Britain N - - - o o

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which shall be made in Great Britain, of wax or of spermaceti, or which are usualty called or fold for either wax or spermaceti candles, notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith -003*5 The said duties on candles to be paid by the makers thereof.

COCOA NUTS AND COFFEE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America imported into Great Britain o I 10 For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies - 020

For every pound weightavoirdupois of all other cocoa

nuts imported into Great Britain*- - o* 3 o

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America imported into Great Britain -oil For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies o I 6 For every pound weight avpirdupois of all other coffee

imported into Great Britain - - - o 2 O

The said duties to be paid by the importers or proprietors of all cocoa nuts and coffee which shall have been imported, and for which all the duties chargeable on cocoa nuts and coffee respectively shall not have been paid on or before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, or which shall be imported, and which in either case shall not be duly exported to parts beyond the seas directly from the warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged, under the rules and regulations in that case \>y law provided.

' For the conditions, rules, and regulations, under which cocoa nuts and coffee may on importation be secured in warehouses, See to Geo. L cap. 10. and 35 Geo. III. cap. 118.

CYD&R AND PERRY.

For every hogshead of cyder and perry made in Great Britain for sale, to be paid by the first buyer or

maker

384 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Cyder* &c. continued. r. dm

maker thereof, such buyer or maker being a dealer in or retailer of cyder or perry, or by the factqr or agent to whom such cyder or perry shall be sent or consigned to be sold or disposed of, until and upon the twenty-third day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, sixteen shillings; and from and after the said twenty-third day of June one thousand eight hundred and four - I o o

Cyder and perry made for sale are chargeable with a duty of 4s. per hogshead until and upon 23d June 1804, byaCl of 43 Geo. III. cap. 3.

For every ton of cyder and perry, which shall be imported from parts beyond the seas into Great Britain, not being Irish cyder or perry imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof - - 17 17 O

GLASS.

For every hundred weight of materials or metal, or other preparations whatever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain, in 'the making of glass, the following sums respectively; that is to say,

- In the making of plate or flint glass, or enamel, stained or paste glass, or phial glass - 1 n 8

- In the making of spread window glass, commonly called or known by the name of broad glass 082

- In the making of all other window glass, not

being spread glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of crown glass or German sheet glass - -146

- And in the making of common bottles, the same not being phials, and of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glasses, and of all other vessels and utensils made of common bottle metal - 0 4 1

The said several rates and duties upon the materials or metal, or other preparations for making glass, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively.

For every hundred weight of plate glass, and of all other glass manufactures, which shall be imported from parts beyond the seas into Great Britain, the same not being flasks in which wine or oil shall or may be imported, nor foreign green glass bottles, nor Irish glass, or glass manufactures imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the: importer v < before the landing thereof - - -2*0

HIDES

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 38

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

/. i. i.

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides of what kind soever, and of calves' skins, kips, hogs' skins, dogs' skins, and seal skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain; an^of sheep skins and lamb skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain for gloves and Bazils 1 - o O I*

For every dozen of goat skins tanned with (homack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish; leather - - - -040

For every dozen of (beep skins tanned for roans, being after the nature of Spanish leather, in Great Britaid - - - -0* 3

For everypound weight avoirdupois of all other skins, and of all parts and pieces of hides apd skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged - - - -006

For and upon all hides of horses, mares, and geldings, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or other wise tawed in Great Britain, for every such hide - 016

For and upon all hides of (leers and cows, or any other hides of what kind soever, those of horles, mares and geldings excepted, which shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such hide -030 For every pound weight avoirdupois of all calves'

skins, kips, and fe^l skins, which shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain - - ---00 it

For every dozen of (link calves' skins which shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, with the hair on -030

For every dozen of (link calves' skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without hair, and every dozen of dogs' skins and of kid skins, which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain --- bio For every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe skins which shall be (b dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -006 For every dozen of goat skins and of beaver (kills which shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed irv Great Britain - -020

For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins and lamb skins which shall be so dressed in allum and felt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain - 0 0 li

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other skins, and of all parts and pieces of hides and skins which Vol. XLIV. C c shall

-Tf Tc'

Annq, regm quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. >continued. duty.

Hides and Skins, continued. £. s, d.

shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged - - - -006

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and elk skins, which shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain - - - -010

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all (beep and lamb skins which shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain - '- 003

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other skins, and of all hides, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain 0 0 6 For every dofcen of vellum which shall be made in Great Britain - - - b 3 6

For every dozen of parchment which shall be made

in Great Britain - - - -019

The said several duties for and upon all hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon vellum and parchment, to be paid by the tanners, tawers, and dressers of hides and skins, and by the makers of vellum and parchment respectively.

HOPS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for use, to be paid by the respective owners hr possessors thereof - - -00 2$

' LICENCES.

For and upon all licences to be taken out according to the laws in each case made and provided by the makers, manufacturers, traders, dealers, retailers, and other persons herein after mentioned within Great Britain, to be paid by such makers, manu- r facturers, traders, dealers, retailers, or other persons respectively, the federal annual sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say), -

By every person exercising the trade or business of an

auctioneer, for every such licence - - 0 " 6 o

Every common brewer of table beer, not being a common brewer of strong beer, for every such licence - «1 o o

Every corpmon brewer who shall brew any strong beer, for every such licence, if the quantity of beer brewed by such common brewer within the year ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous, to taking out the licence, (h^ll not exceed one thousand barrels - I 10 o

Licences

ed by GoO^lc

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 3U7

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Licences to Brewers, continued. /. s. d.

- If the same shall exceed one thousand barrels, and shall not exceed two thousand barrels -200

- If the same shall exceed* two thousand bar- ' }

rels, and shall not exceed five thousand barrels -50 o

- if the same shall exceed five thousand bar-

rels, and shall not exceed seven thousand five hundred barrels - 7 10 O

- If the same shall exceed seven thousand five hundred barrels, and shall not exceed ten thousand barrels - --1000

- If the same shall exceed ten thousand bar-

rels, and shall not exceed twenty thousand barrels 20 o o

- If the same shall exceed twenty thousand barrels, and shall not exceed thirty thousand

barrels - 30 00

- If the same shall exceed thirty thousand

barrels, and shall not exceed forty thousand barrels 40 o o

- Or if the same shall exceed forty thousand

barrels - 50 00

Every person who shall first become a common brewer of strong beer, for every such licence one pound ten shillings; and within ten days after the 5th day of July next, after taking out such licence, such further additional sum as, 'with the said one pound ten shillings, shall amount to the duty herein-. before directed to be paid, according to the number of barrels of strong beer brewed within the preceding year - 1 10 O

Every maker of wax candles or spermaceti candles farandaSurcharge* sale, for every such licence - - -600

Every dealer ir\, or feller of, wax or spermaceti candles, not being a maker of such candles, for every such licence - 0106

Every, chandler or maker of candles, other than wax

or spermaceti candles, for sale, for every such licence 100 Every person trading in, vending, or felling coffee,

tea, cocoa nuts, or chocofate, for every such licence 056 Every glassmaker, for a licence for each and every

glasshouse - - 10 o O

Every tanner within the limits of the weekly bills of

mortality, for every such licence - -500

Every other tanner, for every such licence - - 2 10 o

Every tawer, for every such licence - -100

Every drefier of hides and skins in oil, for every such

licence v - - - -200

Every currier, for every such licence - - 2 O O

Every maker of vellum or parchment, for every such licence - «. - -100,

c c 2 Licences

I

388 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

1

SCHEDULE A. continued duty.

Licences, continued. £. s. d>

Every malfter, or maker of malt, for sale, for every / such licence, if the quantity of malt made by such

malfter or maker of malt, within the year ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to taking out the licence, shall not exceed fifty quarters 050

- Jf the same shall exceed fifty quarters, and shall not exceed one hundred quarters - - o 10 o

- If the same shall exceed one hundred

quarters, and shall not exceed one hundred and fifty quarters - oij o

- If the same shall exceed one hundred and

1.fifty quarters, and shall not exceed two hundred

quarters - I O O

- If the same shall exceed two hundred' quar-

v ters, and shall not exceed two hundred and fifty

quarters - 150

- If the same shall exceed two hundred and

fifty quarters, and shall not exceed three hundred quarters - x 10 o

- If the same shall exceed three hundred

quarters, and shall not exceed three hundred and

fifty quarters - 1 IJ o

- If the same shall exceed three hundred and s fifty quarters, and shall not exceed four hundred

quarters - 200

- If the same shall exceed four hundred quar-

ters, and shall not exceed four hundred and fifty ^quarters - 2 5 O

- If the same shall exceed four hundred and

fifty quarters, and shall not exceed five hundred quarters - - - 2100

- If the same shall exceed five hundred quarters, and shall not exceed five hundred and fifty

quarters - 2 Ij O

- Or if the same shall exceed five hundred and fifty quarters - - 3 0 0

Every person who shall first become a malfter, or maker of malt for sale, for every such licence five shillings; and within ten days after the fifth day of July next after taking out such licence, such further additional sum as, tfitli the said five shillings, shall amount to the duty herein-before directed to be paid according to the quantity of malt made within the preceding year - -050

Every maker of metheglin or mead for sale, fore very andaSurchar*e* such licence - 100

Every maker of paper or pasteboard, and every paper

stainer, for every such licence - 2 o o

Licences

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 389

SCHEDULE A, continued\ duty.

Licences, continued. £. s. d.

Every person trading in, vending, or felling any gold or diver plate, or any goods or wares in which any quantity of gold exceeding two pennyweights and under two ounces in weight, or any quantity of silver exceeding five pennyweights and under thirty ounces in weight, in any one separate and distinCfc ware or piece of goods, is or shall be manufactured, for every such licence - - -260

Every person trading in, vending, or felling any gold or silver plate, or any goods or wares in which any quantity of gold of the weight of two ounces or upwards, or any quantity of silver of the weight of thirty ounces or upwards, in any one separate and distinCb ware or piece of goods, is or shall be manufactured; and every pawnbroker trading in, vending, or felling gold or silver plate, or goods or wares in which any quantity of gold or silver isor shall be manufactured, or taking in or delivering out pawns of such plate, goods, or wares; and every refiner of gold or silver, for every such licence -5150 Every calicoe printer, and every printer, painter, or stainer of linens, cottons, or stuffs, for every such licence - 10 00

Every maker of soap for sale, for every such licence 2 0 O Every distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or for exportation within that part of Great Britain called England, for every such licence - - 10 o O

Every rectifier of spirits within that part of Great Britain called England, for every such licence -500 Every dealer in brandy or other spirituous liquors or itrong waters, not being a retailer, in any part of Great Britain, or not being a wholesale feller of, or dealer in, plain aqua vitae only, distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other '

British materials in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every such licence - - -500

Every person in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall by wholesale fell or deal m spirits made and distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, and commonly called or known by the name of aqua vitae in that part of the united kingdom, not being a licenced distiller, re&ifier, compounder or retailer of spirits, not being a dealer in brandy or other spirituous liquors, duly licensed for that purpose in manner above mentioned, for every such licence to fell plain aqua vitae only by wholesale - -300

Every retailer of distilled spirituous liquors or strong

waters.

39° Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [^1803-

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Licences, continued. £. s d.

waters, in Great Britain, not being a retailer of plain aqua vitae, made or distilled from British materials, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every licence to be taken out as aforesaid, if the dwelling-house in which such retailer shall reside or retail such distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters at the time of taking out such licence,

shall not, together with the offices, courts, yards,

/ and gardens therewith occupied, be rated under

the authority of any act or acts of parliament for granting duties on inhabited houses, at a rent of fifteen pounds per annum or upwards - - 4 14 O

- If rated as aforesaid at fifteen pounds per

annum or upwards, and under twenty pounds - 5 2 0

- If at twenty pounds per annum or upwards,

and under twenty-five pounds - - - 5 10 o

- If at twenty-five pounds per annum or upwards, and under thirty pounds - 5 18 O

- If at thirty pounds per annum or upwards,

and under forty pounds - 6 6 O

- If at forty pounds per annum or upwards,

and under fifty pounds - - - 6 14 o

- Or if at fifty pounds per annum or upwards 720

Every person who within the limits of any royal burgh, burgh of barony or regality in any part of Scotland, or in any place in any other part of Scotland other than within the highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the acts in that case made and provided, shall retail any spirits made or distilled from malt, corn, grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, and commonly called or known by the name of aqua vitae in that part of the'united kingdom, forv every such licence to retail

plain aqua vitae only - - -.-200

Every person who shall retail such spirits within the several counties and districts of the highlands of

Scotland, the royal burghs, burghs of barony or regality therein excepted, for every such licence - 1 o O Every (larch-maker, for evyry licence to be taken out

as aforesaid - 5 O O

Every maker of any kind of sweets, or made wines,

other than mead, for sale, for every such licence - 5 O O Every retailer of British made wines or sweets, for every such licence - 2 4 O

Every manufacturer of tobacco or snuff, for every such licence^ if the tobacco and snuff work weighed by such person for manufacture, within the year ending on the tenth day of October, previous tp taking

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69.

' 1

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Licences, continued. £. s« d.

out the licence, shall not have exceeded twenty thousand pounds weight - - -'200

—: ----- If the same shall have exceeded twenty

thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded

thirty thousand pounds weight - - - 3 o O

- If the same shall have exceeded thirty

thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded forty thousand pounds weight - - - 4 o O

- If the1 same shall have exceeded forty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded fifty thousand pounds weight - - -500

- If the same shall have exceeded fifty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded sixty thousand pounds weight - - -600

- If the same shall have exceeded sixty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded seventy thousand pounds weight - - - 7 o*O

- If the same shall have exceeded seventy

thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded eighty thousand pounds weight - -800

- If the same shall have exceeded eighty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded ninety thousand pounds weight - - -900

- If the same shall have exceeded ninety thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds weight - - 10 O O

- " If the same shall have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds, <and shall not have exceeded

one hundred and twenty thousand pounds weight - 12 o O

- If the same shall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand pounds weight - - - -15 00

- If the same shall have exceeded one huri-

dred and fifty thousand pounds weight - - 20 o O

Every person who shall first become a manufacturer of tobacco or snuff, for every such licence, two pounds, and within ten days after the tenth day of October next after taking out such licence, such further additional sum, as with the said two pounds, shall amount \o the duty herein-before directed to be paid according to the quantity of tobacco and snuff work weighed for manufacture within the preceding year - 200

Every dealer in, or feller of tobacco or snuff, within and a «urcliar»*. the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or of the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, for every such. licence - - - -050

Every dealer in, or feller of tobacco or snuff, in any other

39. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Licences, continued, £. s. d.

other part of Great Britain, out of the said limits, for every such licence*- - 0, 2 6

Every maker of vinegar for sale, for every such licence 1000 Every retailer of foreign wine, in that part of Great Britain called England, who shall not have an excise licence for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, or a licence for the retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, for every fudh licence to retail foreign wine --540

Every retaifer of foreign wine in that part of Great Britain called England, who shall have taken oilt a licence for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors, but shall not have an excise licence for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, for every such licence to retail foreign wine - 4 4 Q Every retailer of foreign wine in that part of Great Britain called England, who shall have an excise licence for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, for every such licence to retail foreign wine - 240

Every retailer of foreign wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall not have an excise licence for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, or a licence for retailing beer, ale* or other exciseable liquors, for every such licence to retail foreign wine - - " - - 3 6 8

Every retailer of foreign wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have taken out a licence for retailing beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, but shall not have an excise licence for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, for every such licence to retail foreign wine - - 2 13 4

Every retailer of foreign wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have an excise licence for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, for every such licence to retail foreign wine - I 6 8

Every wiredrawer or other person, who shall draw or cause to be drawn any gilt or fftver wire, commonly called big wire, in Great Britain, for every licence to be taken out as aforesaid -200

MALT,

For every bushel of malt which shall be made of barley or any other corn or grain, in Great Britain, to be paid by the maker thereof -«o 1 oj

JvT.B. Malt is also subject to two other duties, imposed by annual acts, viz. 6d. per bust*el

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 393

- *\

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Licences continued. £. s. d,

in England, and 3d. per bufiiel in Scotland, by the alt for continuing certain duties on /

malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and gfi. per bushel in England, and in Scotland,

by the alt for continuing the duties on pensions, offices, &c.

METHEGLIN or MEAD.

For every gallon of metheglinor mead which shall be made in Great Britain for sale, to be paid by the maker thereof - 016

For every gallon of metheglin or mead which shall be imported from parts beyond the seas into Great Britain, not being Irish metheglin or mead imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof.- - - O 5 9

PAPER.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper made 1

in Great Britain, of the first class or denomination, that is to say, all paper, other than brown paper made of old ropes or cordage only, without separating or extracting the pitch or tar or any part therefrom, and without any mixture of other materials therewith, and not being glazed paper for clothiers and hot prefers, or (heathing paper or button paper, or button board - -003

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper made in Great Britain of the second class or denomination, that is to say, all brown paper made of old topes or cordage only as aforesaid - - o o if

For every hundred weight of glazed paper for clothiers and hot-prefers, and of millboard and scale-

board made in Great Britain - - - I I o

The said duties upon paper, millboard, scale-board, and glazed paper, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

PRINTED GOODS*

For every yard square of paper which shall be printed, painted, or stainfed in Great Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses, over and above the duties payable for such paper before the printing, painting, orftaining thereof - - - -00 if

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of foreign calicoe, and of foreign muslin, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain,

1

394 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6g.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty

Printed Goods, continued. - £ St 1

Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only - o o

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of ail linens, and of stuffs wholly made of cotton wool Wove in Great Britain, commonly called British manufactory, and of British myflins, and of all tuftians, velvets, yelverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, and of all other stuffs whatsoever, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatest part in value shall be woollen - - - 0 03

For every yard in length, reckoning half-yard wide, of all silks, which shall be printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain, silk handkerchiefs excepted, over and above the duties payable upon the importation^of them or any of them - --oil

For every yard square of silk handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them -'- 0 0 4!

The said duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed goods to be paid Ey the printer, stainer, painter, or dyer thereof.

S^LT.

For every bushel of salt which shall be imported from, beyond the seas into Great Britain, hot being Irish salt imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof - 0 13 4

For every bushel of salt or rock salt that shall be made at any salt work, or raised or taken out of any'salt mine or salt pit irt that part of Great Britain called England - o 10 0

For every bushel of salt or rock salt that shall be made at any salt work, or raised or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit in Scotland*-, - 0 4 0

For every bushel of all salts known or called by the name of Glauber or Epsom fahs, which shall be made or produced in Great Britain - - 0 10 0

For every ton of mineral alkali or flux for glass, which shall be made in Great Britain - - - 1 P 0

For every bushel of rock salt, which shall be exported to parts beyond the seas, other than Ireland - 0 0 1

Saif,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 6p. 395

SCHEDULE A. continued.*duty.

Salt, continued., £. s. d*

m The said duties on salt made or raised' or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit, and on rock salt exported, to be paid by the makers of salt or refiners of rock salt, or proprietors of salt works, respectively.

For every bushel of salt or rock salt which shall be brought from. Scotland into that part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a certificate from the proper officer, that it hath paid the duty of four shillings hereby imposed for every bushel of salt or rock salt made at any salt work, or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit in Scotland, to be paid by the master or commander of every ship or vessel bringing or importing such salt or rock salt before the landing thereof - - - O 6 o

For every bushel of salt used or employed in curing and faking flesh exported from Scotland to England, and provisions for ships in Scotland and for foreign voyages, to be paid by the owners or ship-pers thereof in Scotland - - - o 6 O

For every hundred weight of salted beef or pork, or of bacon brought by land from Scotland to England, to be paid by the person bringing the same, upon entry thereof at the nearest office of excise in England, on pain of the forfeiture of such beef, pork, or bacon, or the value thereof, to be recovered and applied as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered and applied by any law or laws of excise - 026

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois or hard cake soap, or ball soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the maker thereof - - o O 2*

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the maker thereof - O O

SPIRITS.

For every gallon of wort or wash brewed or made for extracting spirits in that part of Great Britain, called England for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same - Ooil

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any fort or kind of British materials, except such as are before mentioned, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption - - q o 10

Spirits

1

396 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continuedL

Spirits, continued.

For every gallon of wort or wash brewed or made as aforesaid from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption -

For every gallon of wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash.prepared from any other foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, or any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption - - 0

The said duties to be paid by the makers or distillers of such worts or wash respectively. For every one hundred and twenty gallons of wash which Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of them possessed of the distillery and premises in which George Bishop deceased carried on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva at Maidstone in the county of Kent, shall produce on or before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds avoirdupois, to be paid by the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of them For every gallon of wash in the possession of the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, at any time when thirty gallons of any wash so in their possession taken and distilled by the officer of excise, according to the directions and under the authority of an act made in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty to continue and amend so much of an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, shall be found to produce more than two gallons and one eighth of a gallon of spirits at the strength of one in fix under hydrometer proof, to be paid by the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivor and survivors of them, immediately, on being charged therewith by the proper officer or officers of excise For every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith con?

DUTY.

0 r

1 10

1 10 0

-010

Hefted

nedied under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, 'as high as the steam can ascend, and until the top of the head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall he used or employed for any or either of the purposes herein after mentioned, that is to say,

- For the making or distilling of low jvines

or spirits for consumption in Scotland from com, grain, malt, tilts, cyder or perry, or other waQi or liquor made or brewed from any. fort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except the highland district, particularly specified and described In the acts in that case made and provided, the annual sum of - - - -108 O O

- For the making or distilling of low wines

or spirits for consumption in Scotland, from rae-lasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of - 670 O O

- For the making or distilling of low wines

or spirits for consumption in Scotland from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, except melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of - - 760 o o

- And for the rectifying, compounding, or

mixing, in any part or place in Scotland, of any kind of spirits or strong waters for consumption in Scotland, the annual sum of - -'- 108 o o

The said duties on the contents of stills to be paid by the distillers, makers, re&ifiers, or compounders of spirits respectively.

For every gallon English wine measure, of spirits of theftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in any part or place in Scotland, for consumption/ in Scotland, not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to be distilled according to the annual rates herein after mentioned by or from each still, to be paid by the distiller of the said spirits over and above the aforesaid duty on the content of the still, and the herein after mentioned duty on the worts or wash from which such spirits may be or may have been made or distilled, the sum of - - o O 6

For every gallon English wine measure, of all worts

SCHEDULE A. continued*.

DUTY*

Spirits continued.

or

395 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued duty;

Spirits, continued. £ A i

or wash brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except in the high-;

land district aforesaid, for extracting spirits for consumption in Scotland from any malt, corn, grain, tilts, cyder or perry, or other worts, wash, or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the brewer, maker or distiller thereof - - o o J

For every gallon English wine, measure, of all worts or wash brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland for extracting fpfrits for consumption in Spotland from melaffas or sugar, or any mixture, therewith, or from foreign refused wines, or foreign

cyder or wash prepared from foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, ter be paid by the brewer, maker, or distiller thereof - - 0 0 2}

For every gallon English wine measure of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the ftcam can ascend, and until the top of the head shall turn downwards and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be used and employed in distilling and drawing off spirits in the highland distridf aforesaid for consumption in the said highland district only, from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the several and respective counties, parts of counties, and places within the said highland district, the cubical content or capacity of such still not being less than thirty nor more than forty galions, to be paid by the persons applying for licences, as in such case is required and

duly recommended and qualified to erect, keep, and work stills for that purpose, the annual sum of 6100 For every gallon English wine measure exceeding forty galions, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every such still which shall be soused and* employed by, or shall be in the possession of, such licensed person within the highland district aforesaid, of larger dimensions than aforesaid, the surplus not being more than three gallons over and above the said forty galions, the annual sum of -910 0 For and upon all spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof which shall be distilled in that part of Great Britain called Scotland for consumption in Scotland, exceeding the several and -'. respective

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 399

SCHEDULE A, continued. duty.

Spirits, continued. £. i. d9

respective quantities herein after mentioned, to be paid on demand by the distillers or makers of such spirits, over and above all other duties whatsoever, the several sums herein after mentioned j that is to say,

- For every gallon of such surplus spirits dif-

tilled from malt, corn, or any British materials, exceeding the annual rate of two thousand and twenty-five gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the rtill when the before mentioned annual duty of one hundred and eight pounds shall be paid for every gallon of such content in the lowlands of Scotland, or exceeding the annual rate of fifty-two gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the (till when the before mentioned annual duty of fix pdXmds ten shillings, or of nine pounds ten shillings, respectively, shall be paid for every gallon of such content in the highland distrust aforesaid, the sum of - 030

For every gallon of such surplus spirits

distilled from melasses or sugar exceeding the annual rate of four thousand and fifty gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the still when the before mentioned annual duty of six hundred and seventy pounds shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in any part or place in Scotland, the sum of - — And for every gallon of such surplus spirits

distilled from other foreign materials than melasses or sugar, exceeding the annual rate of three thousand six hundred and forty-five gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the still when the before mentioned annual duty, of seven hundred and sixty pounds shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in any prt or place in Scotland, the sum of For every gallon of spirits deficient, if the quantity of spirits computed at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be produced to the proper officer or officers of excise by any distiller in Scotland, and be actually charged with the before mentioned duty of sixpence for every galion, shall be found to fall short of the quantity which ought to have been produced according to the before mentioned annual rates, to be paid by the distiller or maker of such spirits, the sum of For every deficiency of spirits in every case where the

-049

-059

00 6

spirits

400 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69., [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Spirits, continued.^£. s.

spirits extracted by any distiller in Scotland, and produced to the proper officer of excise, and actually charged with the duty by this act imposed of sixpence for every galion, shall fall short of the respective proportions herein after mentioned, to be paid by such distiller, the several sums herein after mentioned j (that is to say),

- If the spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from malt, corn, or British materials, or any mixture therewith, and if any distiller in the lowlands of Scotland shall not produce to the proper officer at lead eleven gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydro-

meter proof for every one hundred gallons of wash

prepared from the said materials, and found in the custody of such distiller; or if any distiller in the highland district of Scotland shall not produce to the officer at least fix gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid for every one hundred gallons of wash prepared from barley, beer, or bigg of the growth of the said highlands, or any mixture therewith, and found rn the custody of such distiller, for every gallon deficient, the sum of - -016

- If the spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered mail have been made or distilled from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, and any distiller in any part or place in Scotland shall nor produce to the proper officer at least twenty-two gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid, for every one hundred gallons of wash prepared from the said materials and found in the custody of such distiller, for every gallon deficient 039

- Or if the spirits in which the deficiency

shall be discovered shall have been distilled from, any other foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, and any distiller in any part or place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper officer at least twenty gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid,

for every one hundred gallons of wash prepared from the said materials and found in the custody of such distiller, for every gallon deficient - -048

' For every gallon English wine measure, of spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any.higher degree of strength, made or distilled in that part of Great Britain called England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to

DUTY. £. s. d.

- o 4 o

- 0 5

SCHEDULE A. continued.

Spirits, continued.

be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof

For every gallon of British spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one toten over hydrometer proof,

manufactured in Scotland, and "brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof -

For every gallon of* all such spirits as^ last aforesaid, of a greater strength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three pounds per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, five shillings and a halfpenny; and also a further duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof -

For every gallon of Angle rum, spirits, or aqua vitae or the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, imported into Great Britain -

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitae above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, imported into Great Britain For every gallon of single rum, spirits, or aqua vitae imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies*- 0 7 6

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitae above proof imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies -0146 For every gallon of single brandy, spirits, aqua vitae, or strong waters of any fort or kind, other than stich rum, spirits, or aqua vitae as aforesaid, imported into Grestf Britain, not being Irish spirits, imported direCUy from Ireland - - - 0 8 5

For every gallon of brandy, spirits, aqua vitae, or strong waters, above proof, other than such brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not. being lrifli spirits, imported direCIly from Ireland - - 0 16 5

The said several duties on spirits imported to be paid by the importers thereof before the landing thereof.

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch oftfhat kind soever which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the maker thereof

O 5 i

and a Surcharge*

o 6 11

0 13 4

Vol. XLIV.

D D

-00

SWEET'

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

d.

SWEETS.

For every barrel of liquor, which shall be made in Grfcat Britain for fate, by infusion, fermehfcatibri or otherwise, from fruit or sugar, or from frteit of sugar mixed with any other ingredients of materials whatsoever, commonly called fwects, hr call- ' ed or distinguished by the name of made wines* to be paid by the maker thereof - - -220

TEA*

For and upon all tea which shall be sold in, Great Britain by the united company of merchants of

England trading to tire East Indies for less than two shillings and six-pence per pound weight avoirdupois, fifteen pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold - 15 o O

: For and upon all tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for two shillings and sixpence per pound weight, or Upwards, forty-five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold - 45 O O

The said duties on tea to be paid by the purchasers of such tea to the said united company, and by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being.

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported into Great Britain - - $ - - O 1 o

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth or production of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or of the United States of America, imported into Great Britain - - - -004

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth or production of any of the territories or dominions of the Emperor of Ruffiay or of the Ottoman or 1

Turkish Empire, imported into Great Britain* I

and for every pound weight of tobacco imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies oil For every pound weight of snuff imported into"

Great

Afttid rtgnf cftradragesimor tertio Georgii III. c. <$9.

SCHEDULE A. tdtitinued* duty*

Tobaccoaftd Snuff, continued. £. s. d.

Great Britain by the united company of merchant* of England trading to the East Indies - - a i 0

For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain from any British plantation m America, or from the Spanish West Indies - O o 6 For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain from any other place, not being Irish manufactured fntfff imported directly from,

Ireland - - - -007

The said duties to be paid by the importers or proprietors of all tobacco and snuff which shall have been imported, and for Itfhich all the duties chargeable on tobacco and snuff respectively shall not have been paid on or before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, or which shall be imported, and which in either case shall not be duly exported to parts beyond the seas directly from the warehouses in which the same shall have bedft lodged under the rules and regulations in that case by law provided.

NiB. Tobacco and snuff are also subject to anrfual tfuties by the act for continuing the duties on pensions, offices, &c.

For the conditions, rules, and regulations under which tobacco and snuff may, on importation, be secured in warehouses,

See 29 Geo. III. cap. 68. and 33 Geo. III.

Cap. 57.

VERJUICE.

For every hogshead of verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for sale, to be paid by the maker thereof - - - -078

VINEGAR.

For every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for sale, to be paid by the maker thereof - - -0 10 o

' WINE.

For every tun of French wine which shall be imported

into Great Britain - - - 48 6 o

For every tim of all other wines, not being French

wines, which shall be imported into Great Britain 32 11 o The said duties on wines to be paid by the importers thereof before the landing thereof.

D D 2 WIRE.

"t '>*73:

404 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE A. continued. btJTY.

WIRE. £. s. d:

For every ounce troy of gilt wire which shall be made

in Great Britain, to be paid by the maker thereof 0010 For every ounce troy of fil ver wire which shall be made

in Great Britain, to be paid by the maker thereof 007

SCHEDULE B.

Countervailing Duties of Excise on certain Commodities imported from Ireland into Great Britain.

Countervailing BEER. duty.

For every barrel, confiding of thirty-six gallons £. s. d. English beer measure, of Irish beer, ale, or mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in proportion for any, greater or less quantity, to be paid by the importer

thereof - - - -01311

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every thousand of Irish bricks, not exceeding any of the following dimensions: (that is to say), ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide - - - -050

For every thousand of Irish bricks, exceeding any of the foregoing dimensions - - - o 10 o

For every thousand of Irish bricks, smoothed or polished on one or more side or Tides, not exceedfng the superficial dimensions of ten inches long by five inches wide - o 12 o

For every hundred of such last mentioned bricks, c The Duties on exceeding the said dimensions - - -1 Paving Tiles.

For every thousand of Irish plain tiles - -.o 4 10

For every thousand of Irish pan or ridge tiles - o 12 10 For every hundred of Irish paving tiles, not exceeding ten inches square - - -025

For every hundred of Irish paving tiles, exceeding

ten inches square - -0410

For every thousand of Irish tiles, other than such as are herein-before enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles are or may be called or known. - 04 10

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogshead, confiding of sixty-three gallons English wine measure, of Irish cyder and perry, which shall bb imported as merchandize, or for«sale, or which shall be sent or consigned to any

factor or agent to sell or dispose of - 100

HOPS.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 4°5

SCHEDULE B. Continued. Countervailing

DUTY.

HOPS. £. s. d.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish hops 0 o 2f

MEAD OR METHEGLIN.

For every gallon of Irish metheglin or mead t*- O I 6

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT.

For every dozen of Irish vellum - -036

For every dozen of Irish parchment - - -019

PAPER. '

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish paper of the first class or denomination; (that is to say), all paper other than brown paper made of old ropes or cordage only, without separating or extracting the pitch or tar, or any part, therefrom, and without any mixture of other materials therewith, and not being glazed paper for clothiers and hot preflers, or (heathing paper, button paper, or

button board - - - 0 03

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish paper of the second class or denomination; (that is to say), all brown paper made of old ropes or cordage only as aforesaid - - -ooil

For every one hundred weight of Irish pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper for clothiers and hot preflers - 1 x o

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books, whether bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - o o 3

SPIRITS BRITISH.

For every galion, English wine measure, of spirits,

aqua vitae, or strong waters, which shall be dif- '

tilled or made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a strength not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof - o. 5 4.

For and upon all such spirits above the strength of,

one to ten over hydrometer proof, a duty in proportion to the last mentioned duty; and for and upon all such of the said spirits as shall be Tweet-ened or compounded, a like duty computed upon the highest degree of strength at which such spirits;, A proportion-can be made«--Jaiduty

WIRE.

For every ounce troy of Irish gilt wire - - o o 10

For every ounce troy of Irish ulver wire - - o o 7

For

406 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69.

SCHEDULE B. continued.

Countervailing DUTY.

JL' dm

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe made of plate wire, spun upon silk - - - r - 078

For every pound weight avoirdupois, of IrUh silver thread, silver lace, or silver fringe made of plate wire, spun upon silk*--059

SCHEDULE C.

Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Exei&. ALLOWANCES.

PAPER.

For all such glazed or other press papers made in Great Britain, for clothiers and hot preflers, as shall be actually and bona fide used, employed, v and consumed in the pressing of woollen cloths and stuffs in Great Britain - For all paper made in Great Britain, of the first daft or denomination, which shall be used in the printing of any books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages, or in the printing of fribfes, testaments, psalm-books, books of common prayer, and confession of faith, and the larger and shorter catechism, or any of them, within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of-them, by per mi fli on of the vice-chancellors of the Came respectively; or which shall be used in the printing of any books in the Latin, Greek, oriental or northern languages, within the universities of Scotland, or any of them, by permission of the principals of the same respectively; orwbich shall be used by the King's printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of bibtes, testaments, psalm-books, books of common prayer of the church of England, the book commonly called or known in Scotland by the name of the Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter catechifnd of the church of Scotland -

salt.

For every bushel of salt, of English mapufacture, which shall be used, employed, spent, and con-

ALLOWANCES.

£.

f The whqle I duty.

Th« whole duty.

fumed

180j.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 407

SCHEDULE C. continued. allowances.

Salt, continued., £. s. d.

fumed by aqy bleacher of linen or co$tQn, in that part of Great Britain called England, in the making of oxigenated muriatic acid, for the sole purpose of bleaching linen or cotton, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, deducing at the rate of seven and an half per centum, in consequence of the increase in the weight of the felt, by the moisture of the air - - o 10 o

For every bushel of salt which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed by any bleacher of linen or cotton, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of oxigenated muriatic acid, for the sole purpose of bleaching linen or cotton, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, deducing at the rate of (even and an half per centum, in consequence of the increase'in the weight of the salt, by the moisture of the ' air - - - x -'-040

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball soap, made ip Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any cloths, serges, kerfeys, bays, stockings, or other manufactures of sheep or Jambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finishing of "the said manufactures, or preparing the wool for the same - o O 1*

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any cloths, serges, bays, stockings, pr other manufactures of sheep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, 6r in the finishipg of the said manufactures, or prep^r- ,

ing the wool for the same - - - o O I

For every pqund weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball soap, made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new linen in the piece, for sale - o o ' rj

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap, which shall bevused, emplpyed, spent, and poqfumed in Great Britain, \n the whitening of new linen in the piece, for sale - o o 0}

For every poupd weight avoirdupois of soap made

408 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE C. continued. allowances. Soap, continued. £. s. d.

in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, ' spent, and consumed in Great Britain, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and iix, in preparing and finishing any manufactures from flax or cotton, for sale,

(except such as shall be used in whitening new inen in the piece, in order to the sale thereof) - o O oj

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (larch made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, in preparing and finishing any njanufactures from flax or cotton, for sale, except such as shall be used in finishing new linen in the piece, for sale, as herein after mentioned - 0 0

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent, and consumed in Great Britain as aforesaid, in finishing new linen in the piece, for sale*- o p j

WINE.

For any sort of wines shipped for the use of admirals, captains, or other commissioned officers employed 1 in his Majesty's service, for their actual consump-

tion or> board such of his Majesty's ships as they shall serve in, at such ports, in such quantities, and in such manner as is provided by law - Allthedutief,

BOUNTIES.

BEER. BOUNTIES.

For every barrel of beer or ale, above sixteen shillings J, j. i. the barrel, exclusive of the duty imposed on such beer or ale, brewed in Great Britain, from malted corn, whereupon the duties for strong beer or ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize, when barley is at twenty-four shillings per quarter or under - - — o 1 0

SALT,

For every one hundred weight of dried cod fish, ling, or fiake, commonly called haberdine, which shall" contain in length fourteen inches or upwards, from the bone in the fin to the third joint in the tail of

every

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 409

SCHEDULE C. continued. bounties.*

Salt, continued. £. s. d.

every such ii(h, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts - - - -030

For every barrel of wet cod fish, ling, or hake, containing thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts - - -020

For every barrel of (almon, containing forty-two galions, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts - - - -046

For every barrel of white herrings, containing thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts, from and after the twenty-fifih day of March one thousand eight hundred and four -.- 028

For every barrel of full red herrings, containing thirty- two galions, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts* - - OJ9

For every barrel of clean (hotten red herrings, containing thirty-two galions, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts - - - O 1 o

For every last, confiding of ten thousand dried red sprats, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts - 010

For every Cask or vessel of pilchards or fcads, containing fifty galions, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts - o 7 o

For every such cask or vessel of pilchards so exported, until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, over and besides the aforesaid sum of seven shillings - -016

For all pilchards which shall be duly shipped and exported directly to any of the British West India islands, or to any port or place in the Mediterranean, in cafksof thirty-two gallons or upwards, a bounty in due proportion to the bounty or bounties by this act payable for pilchards exported to so- -reign part*, in casks containing fifty gallons - f Aproportio-For every barrel of beef or pork, containing thirty- ^na ount^ two galions, which shall have been faited in that part of Great Britain called England, with salt that shall have paid all the duties due and payable thereon in England, and which shall be duly exported \o foreign parts - - o 5 6

For every barrel of beef or pork, of thirty-two galions, which shall have been faited in Scotland, with foreign salt that shall have paid all the duties due and payable thereon, without any mixture of British or Irish salt, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts*-050

DRAWBACKS,

4JQ Anno regQi qu^ragefipo tertio Georpu HI, c. 69, [1803.

SCHEDULE C. continued* drawbacks.

jT. St d*

DRAWBACKS.

BEER.

For every barrel of beer or ale, brewed or made in Great Britain, above sixteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duty imposed on beer or ale, and not being two^penny ale, mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union with Scotland, for which the duty on strong beer or ale shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - o 13 n

BRICKS AND TILES.

For all bricks and tiles respectively made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize - AUthe duties.

CANDLES.

For all candles made in Great Britain, of tallow or other materials than wax or speripaceti, and of wax or spermaceti candles, or candles usually called or fold for wax or spermaceti candles, made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which,

shall be duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize - All the duties.

CHOCOLATE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate made in Great Britain, of cocoa nuts, which shall have been imported into Great Britain, and for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall J

have been paid, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - O O 10

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogshead of cyder or perry made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in rpfpedt thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and lb in proportion for any greater or less quan-;

tity, the several and respective duties by this act imposed in respect of such cyder and perry - All the duties.

GLASS.

For every square foot superficial measure, of plat£

glass, made in Grfcat Britain, from materials or

metal

i

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. 411

SCHEDULE C. continued* drawbacks.

Glass, continued. £. s. d.

metal or oth$r preparations, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and so in prpportion for any greater or less quantity o 2 2j For every hundred weight of flint glass or enamel, stained or paste glass, or phial glass, made in Great Britain, from materials or metal or other preparations, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - - - 2 3 6

For every hundred weight of spread window glass, commonly called or known by the name of broad gjafs, made in Great Britain, from materials or metal or other preparations, far which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - 081

For every hundred weight of all othe % r window glass, not being spread glass, whether flatbed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of crown glass or of German sheet glass, made in Great Britain, from materials.or metal or other preparations, for which the duties ftnposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - 199

For every hqndred weight of comrfion bottles, not being phials, and of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glasses, and of all other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, made in Great Britain, from materials or metal or other preparations, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize, and so ip proportion for any greater or less quantity - 1- x - - - -04 of

HIDES AND SKINS.

For all hides and calve skins, sheep and lamb flrins, and seal skins, tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts as mer-ehandize'- -'- 'Keduto.

41 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 69. [1803.

SCHEDULE C. continued. prawbacks.

Hides and skins, continued. s. d.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of leather'tanned io Great Britain, and chargeable by this act to pay a duty by weight, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into goods or wares, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - - Q 0 1«

/ For every pound weight avoirdupois of boots, shoes,

gloves, or other manufactures made in Great Britain, of any kind of tawed leather chargeable by this act to pay a duty by weight, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts -{of thetdSSs.

For every pound weight of all buck, deer, or flk skins dressed in oil in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, whether manufactured and actually made into goods or wares or not, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - - - 0 I o

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all (hcep and lamb skins dreflfed in oil in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually madp into goods or wares, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - Q 0 J

For every pound weight of all other skins and of all hides dressed in oil in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into goods or wares, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - Q O 6

For every pound weight of all other skins, except lamb skins, and of all hides dressed in oil in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as merchandize to foreign

*" ' - -'-{TSSSSt*

HOPS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops grow, ing or to prow, and cured and made fit for use in Great Britain, on which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been duly charged, and which shall be exported as merchandize to the isle of Man, until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and four - Aiithe duties,

PAPER,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c*6<j. 413

SCHEDULE C. continued* DRAWBACKS.

£. s. d.

PAPER.

For all paper made in Great Britain for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - Ail the duties.

For every one hundred weight of pasteboard made in Great Britain of paper for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid; and for every one hundred weight of millboard and fealeboard made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect of such millboard and fealeboard respectively shall have been paid, and duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - I I

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books in per-fe& and complete sets, or if periodical publications, in perfect parts or numbers, and of blank, plain,

or ruled account books, whether bound or unbound, made of, or printed or ruled on, paper of the first class or denomination, the duties in respect whereof shall have been paid, for which books no drawback or allowance whatever shall have been paid, received, or obtained, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - - -003

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard square of paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, for hangings or other uses, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - The whole 4

For all linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, figured stuffs, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British manufactory, calicoes and muslins, and all silk handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and for all silks printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - - - Aii the duties,

SALT.

For every bushel of salt made in that part of Great Britain called England, rock salt excepted, for which all the duties due and payable thereon shall have

414 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio OfioRGii lit. f 1 £cnj.

SCHEDULE C. continued. drawbacks.

Salt, continued. s. dm

have been paid* and which shall be duly exported from thence to foFeign parti as merchandize - o io O

For every bushel of salt made in Scotland, rock salt excepted, for which all the duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence as merchandize to foreign parts - -'-- - o 4 0

For every bushel of salts* knbwn or called by the name of Glauber or Epsom salts, made or produced in Great Britain, for which all the duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign parts as merchandize - -0 10 0

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap or ball soap, or of soft soap, made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - ah the dune*

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respeCfc thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - - The whole duty.

TEA.

For all teas for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize directly from the warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged according to law upon the importation thereof to Ireland, or his Majesty's plantations or settlements in America, or the United States of America, or to the islands of Jersey or Guernsey, or to Gibraltar, or to any port or place on the continent of Europe where there shall be a British consul resident for the protection of trade, or to Africa - - - ah the j

TOBACCO. I

For every pound weight of short-cut tobacco, manufactured at any of the ports of Great Britain into which tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within two miles thereof, from tobacco for which the

3

SCHEDULE C. continued. drawbacks,

Tobacco, 'continued. £. j.

the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have'1

beehv paid and exported as merchandize by the iriahufafturer thereof, from such ports to foreign parts - - - -004

For every pound weight of (hag tobacco so manufactured and exported - o O 3*

For every pound* weight of roll tobacco so manufactured and exported -'- - - - O o 4

For every pound Weight of carrot tobacco so manufactured and exported - o o 3*

N.B. Tobacco exported is also entitled to other drawbacks out of the annual duty by act for continuing the duties otl pensions, offices, &c.

WINE.

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain for which all the duties imposed in tespect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize from or out of the entered flock of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of French wine, and so in proportion for, any greater or less quantity - - - 44 2 0

For every tun of any other wines imported into Great Britain for which all the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as aforesaid as merchandize to foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - 29 8 o

WIRE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire spun upon silk, such plate wire being made of gilt wire made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall h^ve been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - O 7 8

For every pound weight avoirdupois, of silver thread,

" silver lace, or silver fringe, made of plate wire spun upon silk, such plate wire being made of silver wire made in Great Britain, for which the duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign.parts, and fd in proportion for any greater or less quantity - 0 5 9

4i 6 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. )o.

[1803.

CAP. L*X.

In ati for granting to his Majesty, during the present and tent'd the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of Jbtps and vessels in Great Britain.

[July 4, 1803.]

w*

From July 5, 1803, there

Most gracious Sovereign,

-E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the common* of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the supplies to defray the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and Voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several new and.additional duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, "That, from and after the fifth day of July one thdu-sand eight hundred and three, there shall be raised, levied, col-the addiSonale<^e(*> an<* Pa^ unto his Majesty, his heirs, and succeslocs, in duties insert- ready money, (except as herein after is provided), without any ed in annexed difrount whatever, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, imported tables, A.B. or brought into Great Britain from parts beyond the seas, and the draw* upon goods, ' wares, or merchandize exported from Great Britain, backs inserted an(* upon goods, wares, or merchandize brought or carried in table A. coastwise, or from port to port within Great Britain, and upon ships or vessels according to the tonnage thereof, entering inwards or outwards at any port within Great Britain, the several new and additional duties of customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the tables hereunto annexed, marked A.B. and C.; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the federal drawbacks of the said duties of customs as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said table marked A. 5 any law, cuf* tom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the new and additional duties of customs, granted by this act, shall pot be charged or payable on any wine, on any tea, or on any fir timber eight inches square and not exceeding ten inches square,

<tsher articles, of the growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, nor on any deals above (even inches in width, being eight feet in length and not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding one inch and a half in thickness, nor on any military stores exported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective new and additional duties of customs, by this act granted

xoods (excepton goocJs» wares, and merchandize, shall be charged and payable on imported by-all goods, wares, and merchandize, (other than and except such

as/

shall be allowed.

Additional duties not to extend to wine, tea, and certain

Additional duties, payable on all

t*§.T Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 417

as shall have been or shall be firtported by the united company the East India of merchants of England trading to the East Indies), which shall^on

not have been entered, and on which the duties of customs due former duties and payable thereon on or before the said fifth day of July shall have not been not have been paid or secured by bond, notwithstanding such paid or fe-goods, wares, and merchandize may have been imported into»fur*d \*Y Great Britain on or before the said fifth day of July. impotVed^e-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fore July 5.

new and additional duties of customs, granted by this act, on Additional the importation of any goods, wares, and merchandize into duties not Great Britain, (other than and except such as have been or shall payable if the be imported by the united company of merchants of fm^nation011

trading to the East Indies), shall not be charged or payable on fojirhave been any such goods, wares, or merchandize, in case the whole of the secured by duties of customs, due thereon at the time of importation, shall bondbyjulys. have been secured by bond on or before the said fifth day of

July.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the new Additional and additional duties of customs granted by this1 act on goods, duties (except wares, and merchandize (other than and except such as have on £°P^8 '"J-been imported by the united company of merchants of England E^ftVndia C trading to the East Indies), shall be charged and payable on all company), goods, wares, 'and merchandize imported into Great Britain, (h llbe piy-which have been warehoused, and shall remain on the said filth able on good# day of July, in warehouses under his Majesty's locks, in pursu- ^ehou^es ance or by the authority of any act or acts of parliament in under his Ma-force on or immediately before the said fifth day of July, al- jetty's locks though such goods, wares, or merchandize may have been im- °n

ported before the said fifth day of July: provided always, that chxrg^e^tiJt such duties shall not be charged or payable on any such goods, taken out for wares, or merchandize, unless and until any such goods, wares, home Conor merchandize shall be taken out of any such warehouse for the fumption. purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain.'

VI. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Additional duties of customs granted by this act upon goods, wares and dllt*ea merchandize imported by the said united company of merchants go^dsim^0 3 of England trading to the East Indies, as the same are described ported by the and set forth in figures in the table hereunto annexed, marked B. East India shall be due and payable upon all such goods, wares, and mer-compmy, # chandize (tea and wines excepted), as shall, from and after the excepted7^fifth day of july, be sold at the publick faksof the said company, which shall be and shall be paid or secured in such manner, and at such times, sold at their and subject to such rules, regulations, and restrictions as are pre- Publick sales feribed and directed with respetft to the payment of any former3 Lei^duties of customs upon such goods, wares, and merchandize respectively: provided also, that the said new and additional duties

of customs shall be due and payable on ail goods, wares, and merchandize imporred by the said united company, which shall remain in the warehouses of the said company on the said fifth day of July, and which shall not have been sold at the publick- sales of the said company, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and mer-

Vol. XLIV« E e chandize

4>& Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

chandize may have been imported irtto Qteai Britain, before the said fifth day of July.

Additional

VII. And be it further enacted, That in "all cases, where the feroredby^w^e any Part the duties, due on the importation or e»-bond.*portation of any goods, wares, and merchandize, are peroritidk, to be secured by bond by virtue of any act or acts of parliament

' in force at the time of such importation or exportation, the new

arid additional duties of customs granted by this act may, in like manner, and under the same rules, regulations, restrictkms, and Additional conditions, be permitted to be secured by bond: provided always* duties not to that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be coastruedto Extend to bul- extend, to charge With the new or additional duties of customs t£in other*" ^erc^y granted, any builion, or any goods, wares* or merchant attides. dizes exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue; and under the authority of any licence which the of Of his Majesty's customs in England or Stotland, or any three or more of them respectively, are or may be by law authorised ant empowered to grant, nor any cotton yarn, or other cotfon manufacture, being of the manufacture of G&at Britain, nor any re* fined sugar or melasses, nor any sort of craft, food, viftusris, clocking, pr implements or materials fit and necessary for the British fisheries established in the island of Newfoundland, or in any of his Majesty's colonies, islands, or plantations in North Jmerica, exported from Great Britain to the said colonies, islands, or plantations.

From July

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said the duties on fifth say of July, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid ed in tableC. unto an<* u^e ^is Majesty, his heirs and successors, the

shall be paid; several duties on ships and vessels, according to the tonnage thereof, entering inwards or outwards at any port within Great Britain from or to foreign parts, as the same are respectively in*

1 ferted, described, and set forth in figures in the table hereunto annexed, marked C. (except as in this act is provided).

Such duties to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Several duties of ton-be paid every nagC^ships ancj vessels entering inwards or outwards from or to (halfbe*com- fore*gn Parrs> by this act granted, shall be paid to the proper puted accord- officer appointed to receive the same, each and every voyage any ing: to the re- such ship or vessel shall so enter inwards or outwards at any portiACr<Jrfri- w^in Great Britain; and that the tonnage of every such ftip or audln case ofve^ being British-buWt, or British-ovmed, shall be computed doubt, by ad- and taken according to the register thereof, under the provisions measurement of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's of other vef- reign, intituled An act for thefuit her increase and encouragement of ^payable on flipping and navigation5 and that the tonnage oPevery other ship vdiHs not re* or vessel, in case of any doubt or dispute relative therero, shall be ascertained by admeasurement in the mode and manner prescribed and directed by the said act: provided always, that the said new additional duties of tonnage on ships and vessels entering inwards in any port of Great Britain, shall be due and payable on every such ship or vessel, the report of which shall not have been cjtdy made at any custom house in Great Britain on or before the said fifth day of July, notwithstanding such ship or vessel may have

arrived

e

orted on or cforejuly 5.

Aland t£ghi tjvifeiragejjmo tertio Gi<?R<m III. c. 70* 4*9

arrived within the liiriits of any port in Great Britain before the said fifth day of J&ty*

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing irt this Duties not to atft shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the duties extend to fish-of tonnage by this act granted, on any ship of vefibl employed and Ik^ enter-in the fisheries on the coast of Great Britain, and not enteringng outwards, outwards for foreign parts i provided also, that nothing in this nor to British ad* contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, £0 charge vessels not re-the duties of tonnage hereby granted, on any British-buWt ship ^Jitered or vessel, or atty ship or vessel owned by Br///)ftTubje£fe, which is flor to any not required to be registered by any act or acts of parliament in vtflrt in bal-Force on or iimftediately before the said fifth day Of July, Or oh laftonly. any ship or vessel whatever which shall enter inwards or outwards, in ballast only*

XI. And whereas it is expedient, that ah additional bounty should be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great Britain, of refined sugar, produced from sugar of the British plantations, or from sugar imported by the united company of merchants <?/-England trading to the East Indies, and on which sugar the duties of customs payable thereoii shall have been duly paidt be it therefore enacted, That there shall There shall be be paid a^l allowed on the exportation from Great Britain, of any Pa^ onex-such refirad sugar, an additional bounty* to be calculated at and n^refined after the rate of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds in fr^m sugar of money, on the produce and amount of whatever bounty mriy be the British due and payable on any fitch refined sugar respectively, by any act plantations, or or act of parliament in force at the time of the exportation there - [hePEast India of: provided always, that all additional bounty mall not be paid Company, an and allowed, Unless all the rules, regulations, restrictions, and additional conditions, requited by law, with respect to bounties due and bounty, at the payable on any refined sugar, shall have been fully and duly cOm- p*7cent°of plied with the bounty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such of the: new and ad- Duties to be dittonal duties of customs, and of the duties of tonnage by this under the ma-iadV granted, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called nagement of England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of re(f*ive the customs in England, for the time being* and such thereof as er^onlie*1" shall arise in that part or Great Britain called Scotland, shall be customs.

Under the management of the commissioness of the customs in Scotland, for the time being.

XIII. And be it fqrther enacted, That the several duties re- Duties ajid spectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said <fc*whack$ tables hereunto annexed* marked* A.B. and C. as the new and wider

additional duties of customs, whether charged and payable on the several goods, wares, and merchandize specified therein, accord- duties, &c.*ing to the value thereof, or otherwise, and the drawbacks of the uni ^Tiereby duties of customs upon, for, or in respect of such goods, wares, and merchandize, or as the duties on ships or vessels, according to the tonnage thereof, may and shall respectively be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, coflecled, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, in such and the like manner, and by the same means, ways,

£ £ 2 or

420 Anno i*egn, i quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. [1803.

or methods* as former duties of customs and drawbacks of duties of customs upon goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and also by any such special means, ways, or methods respectively, as former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the same forts'or kinds, or duties on ships or vessels, according to the tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collej&ed, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize, whereon duties of customs are by this act charged, and drawbacks of duties of customs al-H lowed upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, and all shipsand vessels whereon any duties are charged or payable, according to the tonnage thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, seizures, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares* or merchandize in genera], and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, seizures, sales, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize, 'or ships or vessels whereon any duties are chargeable or payable, according to the tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by anyad or acts of parliament, in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July* respecting the revenue of customs, or such tonnage duties as aforesaid, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, and all pains, penalties, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the same may be, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed against, or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July, made for securing the revenue of customs, or such tonnage duties as aforesaid, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, provisions, and directions, contained in any such act or acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this act), and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, fof*and in respect of the several duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, hereby charged and allowed in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated v, r*and re-enacted in the body of this act, and made part thereof. a&Tlnforce

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every act of parliament on^uly 5, re- in force on and immediately before the said fifth day of July? by fating to the which any'rules, regulations, conditions, or restrictions were revenue of made, established, or directed for the ascertaining the value of extend^o this any gooc^s> wares, or merchandize, or for the allowing of any ad, unless dedudion of any duties on account of damage, or for the better hereby alter- securing the revenue of customs, or for the regular importation intp or exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coastwise, or from po^t to port within Great Britain\ or the entering, landing, or shipping of any good?, wares, or merchan-

\ dize

I

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 421

dize whatever, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act), and all provisions, clauses, matters, and things relating thereto, shall, and are hereby declared to be and remain:

in full force and effect, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the Tame into execution as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising^into the

by the new and additional duties of customs, and the duties of exchequer, tonnage granted by this act (the necessary charges of raising and nd theac-.accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be count to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and kept separate. apart from all other branches of the publick revenues* and that*1

there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, Thai] be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and.successors, upon any account whatever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising

by the said duties, (the-necessary charges of raising and account- f^ch^rvices ing for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into as shall be the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from voted by the all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shallhouse of be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt confmon8* of exchequer, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other.monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so paid into the said receipt shall, from time to time, as the famfe shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such services as,

shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present session of parlia- -

jnent, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of -

any subsequent year, and the commissioniers of his Majesty's '.*

treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, — or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit a^ions^0" shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons forac

any thing done in purfqance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fast

committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county

or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not else-

where; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or

[General issue.]

suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special

matter in evidence, at any trial to bq had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or dif-

continue his, her, or their action Or suit, after the defendant or defendants

4»i Anno 'x'ogni qu&dragesimo tertkj Georgii III. c. 70, [4803, defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Treble cost*. defend*rtfs shall have treble costs, and h^ye the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by Uw.

Continuance

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties granted by Pf* this atf shall continue in force during the present war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, by the ratification of g A, definitive treaty of peace.

altered or it-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the felled thi* provisions thereof, may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any tlfion. or acts to be made in this present session of parljaip?ntt

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers,

TABLE A,

H T^Wb Of New tmd Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Import tatioft Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise therein

enumerated or deferrbed, not being imported by the United Company q( Merchants of 'England trading to the East Indies:

Also> of New 2nd Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Exportation from Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise therein enumerated or dderibed:

Likewise, of New aftd Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, irtd Merchandize therein enumerated or described, brought or carried Coastwrfc, Or from Port to Port within Great Britain.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Copper unwrought, viz. jr. s.

all Cast Copper, the cwt. an additional duty of - 0 4. 6

iphttbn Wool, yiz. rrr?'" - - — Of the growth or production of Turkey, of ?ny part of the United States of America, or of any of the British colonies or plantations, the ioolbs., an additional duty of 00 0

other country or place, the ioolbs. an additional duty of - 0'ia 6

Sugar, for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon, an additional duty of -lo 0 0

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Drawback. £. s. £»*d*

Sugar, continued. — For every £, 100 of the produce and amount of 0

the drawbacks of the durties of customs, allowed on the exportation thereof, an additional drawback of - O O O

This additional duty on British plantationsugar m^y be secured by bond, in like manner as the other duty on such sugar; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions undyr which the of of the curtqms in England and Scotland respectively are authorised to take bond. See 39 & 40 Geo. III, cap. 48. 41 Geo. III. cap. 44., 4a Geo. (II. c^p. 47., 43 Geo. 3. cap. 44. See also the Act to which, this Table is annexed. AH other goods, wares, and merchandize, (except as herein after mentioned), for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable' tfjepeon, an additional duty of

12 10 O

Except Tea, — Wine. being eight feet in length and not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding one and a half inch in thiokneis., pyf —, Fir timber, being eight inches square and not exceeding ten inches square.

of the gepwth of Norway, and imported directly from thence.

OUTWARDS. duty#

Goods, wares, and merchandize, not being of the £. s. i* growth, ptoduce, or manufacture, of Great Britain,

# for every £.100 of she produce and amount of the duties of cartoons due and payable on the exportation thereof, an additional diityof - - - |2 10 €\

Goods wares, and merchandize of the growth, produce, or the manufacture of Great Britain, (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £.qo of the tfcue and real value thereof, an additional duty of - -10 Q

Goods,

4*4 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70.

[1803, SCHEDULE A. continued*' duty.

OUTWARDS. £. S. d.

Goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any port or place whatever; not being in Europe or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof, an additional duty of* - - - 3 Q Q

Goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, pro-

duce, or manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any port or place whatever, being within the limits of the!charter, s'granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £* 100 of the true and real value thereof - - - 4 o Q

Except,

- Bullion.

*--- Cotton Yarn, or other cotton manufacttires,

being-of the manufacture of Great Britain.

- Sugar refined in loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all refined sugar called Bastard, and ground or powdered sugar, and refined loaf sugar broke in pieces,

and all sugar called Candy and Melasses.

- Any fort of craft, food, victuals.

- Cloathing or implements, or materials fit and

necessary for the British fisheries, established

in the island of Newfoundland, or in any of his Majesty's colonies, islands, or plantations in North America, exported from Great Britain to the said colonies, islands, or plantations, t

- Goods, wares, or merchandize exported frotn

Great Britain to the isle 9f Man, by virtue and under the authority of any licence which the of of his Majesty's customs

' in England or Scotland or any three or

more of them respectively, are or may be by' law authorised and empowered to grant.

Military Stores exported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

C9ASTWISE.

Goods, wares, and merchandize brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port within Great Britain, for every £.100 of the produce and amount

of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70. 42$

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty,

coastwise. £. s. J.

of the duties of customs due and payable thereon,

an additional duty of - - -ia 10 o

NOTE.

Coals, videlicet.

- brought coastwise, or from any port or place to any other port or place within Great Britain.

The additional duty on such coals may be secured by bond in like manner as the other duties on coals; and for the condi-. tyqns, regulations, and restrictions under which those duties may be secured, See 27 Geo. III. cap. 32. used for smelting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which shall be used in fire engines for the draining water out of the tnines of tin and copper Within the county of Cornwall.

The additional duty on such coals shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on coals so used; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which those duties shall be so repaid, See9 Ann* cap. 6. 14 Geo. II. cap. 41.

M -used in calcining or smelting copper and lead ores within the isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in fire engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the said isle.

The additional duty on coals so used shall be repaid in like manner as the other

duties on such coals are directed to be allowed by any act or acts of parliament

whatever; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which those duties shall be so repaid. See 26 Geo. III. cap. 104.

- 1 used for any purpose relating to carrying on the 4

works for the manufacturing of tin plates, and 1

for other purposes at Pennygored in the county of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works.

In addition to the allowance of the other duties now repaid on coals so used, provided the amount of those duties shall not exceed ^.1000 in any one-year, the ad* ditional duty on such amount shall also be repaid in like manner, and under the like conditions, regulations, and restrictions, See 35 Geo. III. cap. 39.

Cinders,

426 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 70, [1S03,

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty,

coastwise.' £. j. i

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, Shipped coastwise, at any port in Great Britain, and delivered in any pai* beyond the seas, before the duties due on the export tation thereof shall have been paid.

The additional duty on Arch cinders, -coals, and culm, shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on cinders, coals, and culm, fb shipped and delivered; and for the conditions, regulations, and reAri&ions, under which the said duties shall be so repaid,

See 25 Geo. III. cap. 54*

TABLE B.*

A Table of New and Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Oorppany of Merchants of -E^lwitTading to the East Indies.

Pttty. Drawback,

y1)1 1 1 w d. £

Cotton Wool, the 100 lbs. an additional duty of §ugar, for every ^.100 of the produoe and amount of, fbe duties of customs due and payable thereon, an 084

additional duty of - - -'-Drawback. J'or every £.100 of the produce and amount of the drawback, of the duties of customs allowed on the 2Q 0 (0 \

exportation thereof, an additional drawback of AH other goods, wares, and merchandise, (except tea, and wine), for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs <tue and payable, thereon, an additional duty of - - !, 12 10 O 20 0 0 /

TABLE

A Table of New fend Additional Tonnage Duties, payable Oh, Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballad), in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts,

£. s. J.

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, the Greenland Seas, or the Southern whale fishery - -006

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar o X O For every ton burthen of every ship or veil'd entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to any port or place in Russia, or within the Baltic Sea - Oio

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to any port or place in Europe - o x 0

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to any port or place within the limits of the charters'*1 of merchants of

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to the Cape of Good Hope*- - 026

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to any port or place in Africa, not otherwise enumerated or described -, o I O

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to the island of Newfoundland, the islands of Cape Breton, or St, John, or the coad of Labrador -006 For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering inwards or outwards (except in ballad), from or to any port or place in the United States of America, any British island, colony, or plantation in America, or any other part of America, not other^ife enumerated or dejeribed - - - -010

TABLE C

428 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioXSEOtiGii III. c. 71. [i5oj.

CAP. LXXI.

4.n act for augmenting the number of field officers and other officers of militia within Great Britain.

[July 4, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the number of field officers and other officers for the command of the fever a I regiments, batta- lions, or corps of militia within Great Britain should be encreased as -> the exigency of the service may requirej may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present His Majesty parliament aftemrbled, and by the authority of the same, That it may dirtct the shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any order signified by his 11 timber of -- - -'

officers in any regiment, &c.

' to he- augmented.

Fiild officers

herein mentioned.

Majesty's secretary of state, at any time during the present war, to direct the number of officers in any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia in ^dual service, to be augmented by the appointment of such officers and of such rank, respectively, as the exigency of the service may require.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the field officers not tb exceed Of such regimqnts or battalions shall in no case exceed the re-smd^iTks 8 spe(^ive numbers and ranks following, that is to say, in any regiment consisting (by establishment) of not less than one thousand rank and file, one colonel, two lieutenant-colonels, and two majors; and in any regiment or battalion consisting (by efbrblishment) of not less than seven hundred and fifty rank and tile, one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and two majors; and that no field officer shall be added to any corps consisting (by establishment) of a less number of rank and file than seven hun-died and fifty, except in the case herein after specified: provided also neverthelefr, that in case the colonel of any regimertt or battalion of militia, consisting of not less than four hundred and eighty private men, shall be employed on publick duty out of Great Britain, an additional major may be appointed to such regiment or battalion, to serve therewith during the abfepce from Great Britain of such colonel as aforesaid.

lieutenants of

III. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants, and also counties, Scc. the deputy lieutenants, authorised to act in the stead of the lieu* to do all such tenants upon the vacancy of the office or absence of the lieute-necessi^for nants ^evera^ counties, ridings, and places in Great

making\he Britain, shall proceed forthwith in pursuance of his Majesty's augmentation orders, to do all such acts as shall be necessary for the purpose of of field and making such augmentation of field officers and other officers as wh^fh^be8* afore*a^ > an(* persons who shall be so appointed field officers entitled to an^ other officers of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia such pay as in pursuance of this act, shall be entitled to such pay during those already service, and to all other emoluments any! advantages as the field appointed. officers and other officers of militia now appointed of the same rank respectively, are by law entitled untoj any thing in any ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And'

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 72. 429

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it 'shall be Where re-udged expedient to redpce the number of field officers or of Dther officers in any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, the offTers^in any reduction of officers shall take place from the youngest of each regiment, it rank respectively $ and that in case any officer being duly quali- (Vali take place fied according to the directions of an act passed in the forty-

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act^ each rank! for amending the laws relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting the militia; or of another act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to raise and establijl) a militia force in Scotland, shall be so reduced, such officer shall, notwithstanding such reduction, be competent Reduced of-to succeed to any vacancy which may occur in such regiment, comoe-battalion, or Corps of militia, of an equal rank with that which such officer filled at the time such reduction took place, or may cartcies iu fall back again into the post he quitted on his promotion, at his their regi-option, preserving his rank in the general line of the militia. ment, &c.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where it may Where a fe-be found necessary to appoint a second adjutant to any regiment F0Itd of militia, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, toTrcgir^nt, riding, or place, to which such militia shall belong, to grant to a brevet rank such second adjutant, unless his Majesty shall disapprove the of lieutenant same, the rank of lieutenant by brevet. to be SiVea*

CAP. LXXII.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officer^ of the militia in Great Britain, while disemboiied.

[July 4, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some addition to the pay of certain subaltern officers of the militia forces in Great Britain while dfembodied, under certain regulations; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the following The annual annual allowances, over and above the pay to which they are allowances now by law entitled, during the time of annual exercise, shall be made and paid to the amount, under the restrictions, and in the thTpjy to* C manner herein after expressed, to every subaltern officer now, which they bearing a commission and serving in the militia of Great Britain, are entitled who shall continue faithfully, to serve in the same corps, or whcf, durktg previously to the expiration of three, months from the parting of be m2Lfc this aCi, shall be duly appointed to a commission, and shall con- to lieutenants, tinue faithfully to serve in the embodied militia, and in the same surgeons, and corps until the disembodying thereof; (that is to say), to a lieu- en^ns-tenant or a surgeon twenty-five pounds eighteen shillings and sixpence, being at the rate of one shilling and five-penceper diem for three hundred and sixty-six days; and to an ensign,:

twenty-one pounds seven shillings, being at the rate of one t

shilling and two-pence per diem for three hundred and sixty-six

days:

43Q Ah ho rtgnt qua&agduna teftrb GlioRGn 111 e* J*. £1803days: provided always that all such dfficers of the militia as are now serving with the rank Of captain-lieutenant, shall he deemed to be lieutenants for the purposes of this act. '

Exceptions,

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no pdoa Who is or shall, during the continuance of this aci, become possessed of Xuch an estate or ineoitie, as would by kvr qualify him to hoM the commission of captain a company in the militia, or who is or shall be appointed adjutant or battatton* clerk in any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, nor aaf person deriving in any way whatsoever* otherwise than as a subaltern officer or surgeon of the militia, any income, (Upend* or allowance whatever from the publick, nor any officer the full or half pay of the navy, army, or marines, Who (half Mtfd hold afabaltern's or surgeon*s commission, and have servedat aforesaid in the militia, and shall have or be in anywise entitled to the said annual allowances, or any part or share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in ariywi& notwithstanding.

Subalterns

III. And be it further t er>a<9ed. That the fiibal tetri officers and surgeons an^ surgeons of the militia, who shall claim under the authdfity followdng of this an? annual allowances*

shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order toenftfe

themselves thereto, take and subscribe an oath before Tome one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, to which the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company in which they serve shall belong, in the words or to the effect fallowing; (videlicet)*

Oath.«T A.B. do swear. That I belonged to the of

X militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until ther

of induiive, as a [captain-lieutenant, lieutenant,

ensign, or surgeon, «s tke m*} Ar], and that I was not kray own right, or in right of my wife, during the find period, in m afiual possession and enjoyment or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such an annual value above reprises, as would qualify me ta hold a commission of captain of a company in the militia; that I have not, during the above period, held the appointment of adjutant or baitalion-r clerk in any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did or has any person for me hoM or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, during the said period any ofice or income whatsoever from the publick, except my pay as for the period of the corps having assembled to be trained and exercised; and that I was not entitled, during the (hid period, either to the full or half pay of the navy, army, or marines.

'So help me God/

Justices to Which oath so taken and subscribed, shall be by the find justice t ran fra it oaths forthwith certified and transaiitted, and he is hereby required to to generaTof and ttaasmit the same to the receiver-general of the land-

er-

tax

1803.] Anno right quadragesimo* tertio Georoi i III. c. 7a. 431

tax of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment, bat-the Imd-tax talion* corps, or independent company of militia, in which fitch fort^c fubalmrf officer or surgeon shall be then serving, shall belong, ifcoun f-m England) or to the receiver-general for Scotland) if in Scotland* to be by him filed and preferred for the purpefes herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every subaltern officer Subaltern* and surgeon of the militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be and AUlgf°!?s entitled to the benefits of this shall regularly attend the annuaUncer^ atmual exercise and training of the regiment, battalion, corps, or cife, on p*ia independent company to which be belongs, during the whole of of forfeiting the time by law appointed for that purpose, and shall, during the allowance the said time, punctually do and perform his duty as a subaltern an 1 clrtMjr* officer pr forgoori of such regiment, battalion, corps, or inde*

pendent company, on pain of forfeiting the said annual allowance, as well as the rest of his pay, and every part thereof which may be due for the current year, in which he shall neglect or refute to attend $ and certificates of his having so attended and Xertificatea performed his duty, signed by the commanding officer of the ot at- regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company to which he^ranfiLTtted he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said commanding by the com-officer to the lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place mut ling ID which the said regiment, battalion, corps, or independent officer to the company of militia shall belong, and also to the receiver-general andns^ver-of such county, riding, or place, if in England, or to the receiver- general of the general for Scotland) if in Scotland: provided always, that in case county, way such subtltem officer or surgeon, claiming to be entitled to In case of such annual allowance, shall by his commanding officer be p?r- ^fencif the milted or suffered, for any special cause or unavoidable necessity, reasonCfor to be absent during the whole or any part of any such annual granting it to exercise, (in which case it shall be lawful for such commanding beinferted in officer to grant such leave of absence, and for such subaltern the certificate, officer or surgeon who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual exercise), the reasons for such absence, as well as the duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in certificates (in fieu of those before-mentioned) to be signed by the commanding officer, and to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the lieutenant of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, to which the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company wherein such subaltern or surgeon shall be serving, shall belong, and also to the receiver-general of the same county, riding, or place, if in England, or to the receiver-general for Scotland^ if in Scotland.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case If militia be any regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company ofnot called out militia, after the disembodying thereof and before the respective Exercise the days herein after fixed for the half-yearly payment of the said subalterns annual allowances, shall not be called out for the annual exercise ami surgeon*. and training thereof, every subaltern officer and surgeon belonging ^11. be

to allowance.

by

Allowances to be paid without deductions.

43» Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 71. [, 1803;

to any such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent com-and coming within the descriptions of this act, who (halt taken and frbscribed the oath hereinbefore mentioned, befor any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled ten said annual allowance, as if such subaltern officer or surgeon^regularly attended the annual exercise and training of such, regi mem, battalion, corps, or independent Company, during th whole of the time by law appointed for that purpose, and as 1. a certificate of such attendance, signed by the commanding officer of the said regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, had been transmitted to the lieutenant of the county, ridirtjg, stewartry, city, or place to which such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company shall belong, and £Ifoto the receiver-general of the same county, riding, or place if in England, or to the receiver-general for Scotland if ill Scotland, according to the directions of this ail; any thing contained in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon such certificates as aforesaid of such justice of the peace and commanding officer as aforesaid, or (where any regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company of militia shall not have been called out to their annual exercise as aforesaid), upon a certificate of any such justiefe of the peace only being produced to or received by the respective receivers-general, it shall and may be lawful for such receivers-general, and they are hereby authorised and required', to pay to the said subaltern officers and furgfeons, according to

their respective commissions of lieutenant, ensign, or surgeon, in addition to their pay, for the time of training and exercise, one moiety of the annual allowance above mentioned on the twenty-fourth day of September next, and the other moiety of the same ort the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, without any deduction whatsoever, out of any publick monies in their hands, and to charge the same in their respective annual accounts of money disbursed for the use of the pubfide; the certificates before-mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the vouchers for the payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this act.

Subalterns

VII. And be it further enacted, That the subaltern officers and surgeons and surgeons of the militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to

not attending benefits of this act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the called m

upon to forfeit respective regiments, battalions, corps, or independent com-

their claims, panies, to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, and called out upon actual service; and in case of neglect or refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such'subaltern officer or surgeon shall at any time wilfully neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his duty at the annual exercise as before directed, and at such other times or for such other occasions, as may be required of hirn in pursuance of the laws now in force respecting the militia when disembodied, each and every such subaltern officer and surgeon shall, ' upon such neglect or refusal being certified to the lord-lieutenant by the colonel or other

com-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7* 433

commandant of the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company to which such subaltern or surgeon shall belong, forfeit his claim to the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, and shall also be considered as having reiigned and vacated his commission to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowance* allowances shall be paid to the persons respectively entitled to be paid by thereto, by the receivers-general of the land-tax in England, and Ij^raTon the receiver-general for Scotland respectively, upon the pro- production of dudlion of the before-mentioned several certificates, on or as certificates; soon after the twenty-fourth day of September next, and the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand eight hundred and

four respectively, as may be convenient and practicable: provided hut not to be always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be em-

construed to extend, to entitle any subaltern officer or surgeon as bodied/ aforesaid to the said annual allowance, or any part thereof, 'during the time the militia to which he belongs shall be embodied of ordered out an actual service: provided also, that this act, Allowance* and the benefits and allowances therein contained, shall notto extend

extend, or be construed to extend, to more than ten lieutenants #/*. f, tain number,

in any regiment confining of more than ten companies; to more than nine lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven companies; to more than eight lieutenants in any regiment consistin'g of more than fix and less than nine companies; or to more than five lieutenants in any regiment, battalion, or corps, 'confiding of fix or of a less number oS companies, except where the companies confid of ninety private men each or upwards 5 in which case this Jut, and the benefits and allowances therein contained, may be extended to eighteen lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more than ten companies; to sixteen lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven companies; to fourteen lieutenants'in any regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine companies; and to nine lieutenants in any regiment, 1

battalion, or corps, confiding of fix or of a less number of companies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any regiment, Senior lieu* battalion, or corps of the militia, at the time of disembodying {^"thepre-thereof, there shall happen to be a greater number of lieutenants, fcrence, ^id" coming within the descriptions of this act, t than can be entitled the junior to to claim the benefits thereof, within the true intent and meaning succeed on of the foregoing proviso, the senior lieqtenants of such number v*cailcl* shalt always be preferred, and shall be alone Entitled to demand

and receive the above mentioned allowances, and that the junior lieutenants shall succeed to such allowances in rotation as vacancies may happen among the said senior lieutenants from time to time.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight of ad. hundred and four, and no longer.

V01. XLIV. Fr CAP.

434 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73. '[1895.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to amend an act passed in the forty+second year of the tretgn of his present Afajessy, intituled An act to repeal an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majestyi for granting stamp-duties on certain medicines, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual provision for the better collection of the said duties.

[July 4i 1803.]

'.1*' '

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-second year of the retef of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal an act* cA 56. recited, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting stamp-duties on certain medicines, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual provx-fion for the better collection of the said duties: and whereas it it expedient that the schedule annexed to the said act should be repealed^ and another schedule should be enacted in lien thereof \ an# that tiff said act Jbqutd be'amended; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's roost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-Schedule and liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That* from aa(* a^ter t^lc PanS t^'is a<^» the schedule to the said recited relatesthereto annexed, and so much of the said recited act as relates to the repealed, and said schedule, or to the extending the provisions thereof to the the schedule said schedule, shall be and the same are hereby repealed* and that nexedV^b, n^ca<^ an(* lieu thereof the schedule to this act annexed ffwdl 1>$ deemed°a part con^ruc<* recited act, and as a part thereof, and of the recited shall, in the execution of the said recited act and this act* be ap^ aft. plied and construed in like manner as if the schedule to this act

had been annexed to the said recited act, and was especially enacted therein; and all powers, authorities, directions, and provisions of the said act, and every reference therein contained to the schedule thereunto annexed, and all fines, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things relating thereto or in the said act v contained, in relation to the duties granted by the said act, or to

any of the provisions of the said act, mall (except where the same are hereby expressly varied) be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to the schedule to this act annexed, and to all the clauses and provisions of this act, and shall be extended to and construed in like manner as if the schedule to this act annexed* and the clauses and provisions in this act contained, had heen enacted in the said recited act, and as fully as if all the said powers, authorities, directions, provisions* clauses, fines, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been severally re-encted in this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall prlTprietorT1 receive frofn any proprietor, compounder, or original or first articles lub- vender, or any agent or agents, or person or persons employed by

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73. 435

by any fath proprietor* compounder, original or first vender, to dpty

any article or articles whatever, subject to any duty grahted by |^hout»,

the said recited act, for the purpose of felling the Tame again, r^wnLng11

without the label or labels, denoting the proper duty being first them or

duly affixed thereto, and shall not within ten! days return the forming the same to the person or persons from whom such article or articles

was or were received, or within that space of time given inform ^r 9

mation thereof to the of at the bead office in Somerset

Place, and deposit such article or articles with the nearest dittri-

butor of stamps, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence, the

sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty imposed

by the said act, may be recovered under the said act and this

'ad.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the outside of all Ontheoutfide pareels, boxes, trunks, or packages in which shall be contained of parcels one dozen or more of packets, boxes, bottles, pot9, phials, or twelve^nclo-other inclosures, containing any articles in the said acts men- sures^shall tioned, and subject to duty under the said recited act or this act, be written sent by any proprietor, compounder, or original vender thereof, "Medicines, " or any agent or agents, or person or persons employed by him, c*

her, or them, to any retail vender, by any publick conveyance, or which shall be about to be exported, the word lc Medicines shall be written 5 and also the name of such proprietor, ^compounder, or original vender, and of the person or persons fending pr exporting the same, if not such proprietor, compounder* or original vender thereof; and that it mall be lawful for any Officers may officers of the customs or excise, or any person appointed by the o?*11 of for managing the duties arising on damped vellum,0/* ir* parchment, of paper, by authority in writing, under thp hand tides not la* of any magistrate or justice of the peace, (which authority any belied, magistrate or justice of the peace is hereby empowered and required to grant, on information given to and proved before him on oath, (which oath such magistrate or justice of the peace is hereby authorised to administer), that there is reason to suspect that any such pareel, box, trunk, or package contains such articles subject to such duties, and not properly labelled according to the provisions of the said recited act or this act), to open such pareels, boxes, trunks, or packages, and examine if the proper labels be duly affixed to the articles therein contained; and in case such labels are not affixed thereto, according to the provisions of the said recited act and this act, to seise the same, and fend or deliver the same to the said of at the head office at Somerset Place, who are hereby authorised to reward the officer or officers making any such feifure in such manner as to them shall seem fit.

IV., And be it further enacted, That, from and after the No person passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any person or per- shall com" ions whatever to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or pro-or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, any cee<j t4forc action, bill, plaint, or information, or actions, bills, plaints, or any justice in informations, in any of his Majesty's courts against any person a Nummary

F F 2 " or wayor attjr

436 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73.

[180$.

' penalty under or persons, or to proceed before any justide or justices of the In^he Pace> or)€fQr an7 magistrate or magistrates in a summary ^axne of the way, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, attorney-ge- penalties, or forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue of the said neral, or same recited act of the forty-second year aforesaid, unless the same be prosecuted, entered, or filed in the name of his Swnraissioners Majesty's attorney-general, and by his authority, or by and in of stamps. the name or names of some officer or officers, or person or persons appointed for that purpose by the commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper; and if any action, bill, plaint, or information, actions, bills, plaints, or informations, or prosecution, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, by or in the name of any other person or persons, or under any other authority than is in that behalf before mentioned, the same and all proceedings thereupon had are hereby j declared null and void, and the said court or courts, or justice or justices, or magistrate or magistrates, wherein or before whom such action, bill, plaint, or information, or prosecution, or " actions, bills, plaints, or informations, or prosecutions, shall be

1 so commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, shall dot permit for fuller any proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon; any, thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.; Limitation of V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar every actions. action, bill, plaint, or information brought, entered, or filed in any court, or before any justice of the peace or magistrate for any pecuniary penalty under the said recited acts or this a£Lshall be commenced within three months after the forfeiture of such Penalties may penalty, and not afterwards; and it shall be lawful for any juf-k mitigated; tice of the peace or magistrate, when he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalty, the reasonable costs and charges of the officer, person, or informer as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the fame^ being always allowed (if demanded; over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation does not reduce such penalty to less than one-fourth part thereof, any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE

by

1803.I Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73. SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

All Foreign Medicines except Drugs.

ADAMS'S Solvent.

Addifpn's reanimating European Balsam. Ethereal Anodyne Spirit. Ague and Fever Drops (by Wilson.)

Amboyna Lotion.

Ditto — Mouth Powder. Ditto — Tooth Powder. American Alterative Pills. Ditto — Salve.

Andalusia Water.

Anderson's Scots Pills. Angibaud's Lozenges of Blois. Anodyne Necklace. Antipertuffis.

Appleby's Tea.

Arabian Balsam.

Arnold's Drops.

Ditto — Pills.

Arquebusade Water.

Aromatic Spirit of Vinegar. Ditto — Condensed.

Asiatic Bilious Pills.

Ditto — Tonic Tincture.

Austin's Chalybeate Pills. Balm of Mecca.

Balsam of Iceland Liverwort. Barclay's Antibilious Pills. Ditto — Asthmatic Candy. Barlow's Specific Medicine. Barron's Cachou de Rose Lozenges.

Barton's Alterative Pomade. Ditto — Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops. [Grass. Ditto — Golden Spirit of Scurvy Ditto — Plain Spirits of ditto. Bayley's British Tooth Powder. Beafely's Family Plaister.

Beau me de Vie.

Beiker's Tincture/

Bell's Restorative Pills. Bennet's Worm Powders*

Benzoin, Essence of.

Berry's Bilious Pill* _ -1

Betton's British Oil.

Bin's Martial/Balsam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.:

Boerhaave's Antiscorbutic Wine.

Bolderson's Worm Cakes. Bollman's Specific.

Bolton's Asthmatic Tincture. Bostock's Cordial.

Ditto — Grand Elixir.

Bott's Corn Salve.

Ditto — Tooth Powder. Bourne's Ethereal Essence. Box's Magneiia Lozenges. Brazil Salts.

Brodum's Botanic Pills.

Ditto — Botanical Syrup.

Ditto — Nervous Cordial. Browne's British Pills.

Ditto — Rheumatic Powders. Ditto — Tincture of Yellow Bark.

Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot. " Camphor, Ethereal Essence of Cathcart's Edinburgh, Ointment.

Ditto — Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

Ditto — Pills.

Chapman's Cerate*

Ditto — Chilblain Water. Ching's Worm Lozenges. Chinner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Essence. Ditto — Chilblain Ointment. Ditto — Cough Drops.

Ditto — Eye "Salve. Ditto-r-Pedloral Pills.

Ditto — Volatile Tincture, -

Clerval's Syrup.

Clinton's Oil for Deafness.'

4$8

Anno r*jni, quadragesimo tortjo GbO*qii til. c. 73. fiSoj.

Clinton's Snuff.

Clyde's Balsam.

Collier's A ffistant Pills.

Ditto — Ointment. [Piles.

Ditto — Remedy for Fistula and Complin's Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.'Cornwell's Fruit Lozenges. Ditto — Opodeldoc.

Ditto — Oriental Vegetable Costello's Cerate. [Cordial. Ditto — Collyriuta.

Cottier's Resolventand Healing Cox's Tincture* fPlaifier.

Coxwell's Castor Oil Medicine. Culpepper's Herb Cordial. Cundell's Balsam of Honey. Curtis's Syrop.

Daffy's Elixir.

Dalby's Carminative. Daimahov's Set Poignant.

Ditto — Tajlejefs Salts. Dawfbn's Lozenges.

Dee ring's Drops.

Delefcot's Myrtle Opiate.

De Velno's rills.

Ditto — Syrup.

Dicey & Co's. Bathing Spirits* Ditto — Daffy's Elixir. Dickenson's Cephalic Drops. Ditto — Red Drops for Coavul-fions.

Ditto — Drops for Fits.

Dixon's Antrbilious Pills. Donavan'x American Vegetable Syrup.

Doranftorff's Opodeldoc. Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Cough.

Edwards's Ague Tincture. Ditto — Nipple Ointment. Elixir of Longevity, or Swedish Preservative.

Ellis's Aperient Pills. / FalckYCterate.

Ditto — Universal Pills#-Findon's Dnpps.,

Ford's Balfim of Horetoutxd. Fordyce's cooling opening

Fothergill's Pe&oral Pills.-D^tto^Restorative. Fraunce's Elixir.

Freake's Tincture of Bark, Freeman's Bathing Spirits. Ditto- — Eye Water.

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibitious Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fryar's Balsam.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff. Ga*aveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointment.

Ditto — Pills.

German Corn Plaister or Salvt. Gilbert's Roseate Lotion* Glasse's Magnesia.

Godbold's Balsam.

Godfrey's Cordial.

Ditto — Rose Lozenges. Gowbnd's Lotion.

Grand Specific* or infallible Antidote to Consumptkxis. Grant's Drops.

Ditto — Lisbon Tonic PHls. Green's Honey Lozenges. Ditto — Oil, or Infallible Oii Ditto — Tooth Ache Pills* Greenougji's TirfcSture, Ditto — Tolu Lozenges. Grey's Lozenges*

Ditto — Tooth Powder. Griffin's Asthmatic Ttn&ure. Grubb's Fryar's Drops. Guest'a Lotion, pitto — Pills.

i Ditto — Powder. '

Pmor^-Tooth Powder. Ditto — Welcome Guest. Haarlam's Drops.

Hadley's Corwulfive Powderj. Hallam's Animaof Quafik.

PUtOrT-AntibilkOHS Pikfs. i Dittpr^Quaffia dittos HatpiUe^r'a Asthmatic Efflwria. Piuo — Cinnamon Drops* Ditto — pCorn SalVe.

Ditto — Vegetable Balsamk Tinflure*

} Hannay's Wash.

\ Harvey's A^ri^vwertal Pills, i Harvey's

Harvey's Grand Meliorative Drops.

Hatfield's Tinfidre.

Haym&n's Maredsnt's Drops. Hayward's Stomachic Lo-fcenges.

Ditto — Antacid ditto.

Ditto — Samaritan Water. Hemet's Essence of Pearl. Ditto — Pearl DentrifiCe. Heffiing's Pine Bud Lozenges. Heorv'9 Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar.

Ditto — Magnesia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills. Hickman's Pills.

Hill's Balsam of Honey.

Ditto — Bardaria Drops. Ditto — Canada Balsam.

Ditto — Essence of Water Dock. Ditto — Gout Essence.

Ditto — Tincture of Centuary. Ditto — Sage. Ditto — *- — Valerian. Hodson's Arortfatrc Nervine Ditto — Imperial Oil. [Tea. Ditto — PeTfian Restorative. Ditto — Syrup.

Holdsworth's Lozenges. Hooper's Female Pills.

Howel's Powders for Epilepfey. Hunter's Elixir.

Ditto — Pills.

Ditto — *Restorative.

Jackson's Corn Salve.

Ditto — Ointment.

Ditto — Tiftdlure.

Jacobson's Cough Drops. James's Analeptic Pills.

Ditto — Fever Powder.

Ditto — Medicine for the DfOpfy Jebb, Sir Richard's, Elixir.

Ditto----- Fills.

Jefciit's Drops.

Imperial Anodyne Opodeldoc. Infallible Restorative.

Inglish's Scots Fills, [hound. Johnston's Essence 6f Hore-Johntenoco's Tooth Powder. Jones's Rheumatic TindtUfe. Irvine's Fruit l/osehgc$.

Juniper's Essence of Penny Royal.

Ditto — s — Peppermint. Kennedy's Corn Salve, or Plaffter.

Keyfer's Pills.

Knight's Pills.

Lamert's Balsam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

Ditto — Chilblain Water.

Ditto — Pills.

Ditto — Purifying Drops. Leathe's Lotion.

Le Cour's Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Specific Pills. [Bark. Ditto — Tindlure of Angustura Liquid Shell for the Stone and Lockyer's ^ills.[Gravel. Lord's Corn Salve, or Plaisser, Lorraine's Consumptive Pills. Loirrie's Eye Water.

Lowther's Drops.

Ditto — Nervous Powders. Lozenges Anifced.

Ditto — Benzoin.

Ditto — Chamomile*. j

Ditto — Ginger.

Ditto — Horehound.

Ditto — Ipecacuana.

Ditto — Patirofa.

Ditto — Peppermint.

Ditto — Poppy.

Ditto — Rose.

Ditto — Rofeated Liquorice. Ditto — Specific.

Ditto — Spermaceti.

Ditto — Tolu.

Lucas's pufe Drops of Life. Luzatto's British Pills. Lygnum's AntiscorbuticDrops. Ditto — Lotion.

Ditto — Pills.

Magnesia Tablets.

Mann's Cough Medicine. Mapfon's Sanative Salve. Marshall's Cerate.

Ditto — Wort Dissolvent. Matthews's or Mathews's Alterative Medicine.

Matthews's

439

"i

440

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio

Matthews'sChemicaJTindure. s Ditto — Remedies for curing^Fistula and Pi!e$ without

cutting or pain.

Ditto — Samaritan Restorative. Mayerfbach's Balsamic Pills. Ditto — Mixture*

Ditto — Restorative Powders. Medley's Aromatic Herb Shuff. Metallic Traders.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment. Monfey's Rheumatic Powders. Nailors Corn Ointment. Newton's Restorative Tooth Powder.

Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills. Ditto — rprops.

Ditto — Tonic Eftepce. Norton's Maredant's Drops. OJjverian Ointment for the Piles.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Palmer's Laxative Pills* Paraguay Lotion.

Pafchall's Xccthing Remedy. Pedoral Essence of Coltsfoot. Perkin's Metallic Tractors, x Perrin's Balsam of Lungwort. Peter's Pills.

Ditto — Tincture.

Pidding's Balsam of Liquorice. Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

Ditto — Royal.

Powell's Camphor Liniment. Ditto — 'Eye Salve.

Price's Breast Salve.

Prickett's Styptic.

Pullen's Antiscorbutic Pills. Ditto — Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radcliffe's Purging Elixir. Ditto — Rheumatic Tincture. Refined British QiL Relfe's Nipple Ointment. Richardson's British Corn Salve or Plaister.

Riga Balsam.

Georgii III. c. 73. [1803.

Robberds's Cough Drops. Roberts's Worm Sugar Plums. Roche's Embrocation.

Roe's English Coffed for Nervous Disorders.

Rogers's Antibilious Elixir. Ditto — Antiscorbutic Pills. Rook's Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic.

Ditto — 7'indure..[Ache.

Ditto — Tincture for the Tooth Ditto — Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Essence of Coltsfoot. Rymcr's Cardiac and Nervous Tindurd.

Ditto — Detergent Pills.

Ditto — Essence of Garlick. Ditto — Pedoral Medicine. Ditto — Tonic Pills.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice. Schultz's Vegetable Acid Air. Scot's Gout Pills.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges or Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe's Hepatic Pills.

Sibley's Lunar Tindhire. Ditto — Solar Ditto.

Simson's Infallible ^Ethereal Tincture.

Singleton's Golden Ointment. Sloane's (Sir Hans) Pills. Smart's Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark.

Smellome's Eye Salve.

Smith's Antibilious Pills.

Ditto — Antihedic Balsam. Ditto — Cooling Opening Pills, Ditto — Drops.

Ditto — Purifying Pills. Ditto-r-Restorative Medicated Wine.

Smyth's Drops.

Ditto — Restorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea. Soley's Essence of Squills, Solomon's Abftergent.

Ditto — Anti Impetigenes. Ditto — Balm of Gilead. Speediman's Stomach Pills.

Specific

180$.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 73.

Specific Convulsion Drops. Ditto — for the Yellow Fever. Ditto — Remedy (by Weffcls.) Ditto — Tincture.

Spence's Dentrifice. Spillbury'sAntiscorbuticDrops. Ditto — Compound Essence. Spinluff's Aromatic Bilious Cordial.

Squire's Elixir.

Snuirrell's Drops.

Efitto — Tonic Pills.

Ditto-...- Powders.

Steer's ChamomileDrops. [ter. Ditto — Camphorated Eye Wa-Ditto — Convulsion Oil.

Ditto — Nitre Drop$.

Ditto — Opodeldoc.

Ditto — Paregoric Lozenges. Ditto — Purging Elixir. Sterne's Balsamic iEther. Stomachic Tablets. [Drops. Ditto — Tincture and Gout Storey's Worm Cakes. Stoughton's Bitters.

Ditto — Elixir.

Stringer's Essence of Myrrh. Ditto — Myrrh Dentrifice. Ditto — Paregoric Lozenges. Swedish Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity.

Swinfen's Anti-acid.

Ditto — EletJhiary.

Ditto — Ointment.

Ditto — Worm Sugar Cake*. Swiss Balsam.

Tastefofs Ague Drops.

Efftto — Fever Drops. Thomas's Tolu Essence. Thompson's Ague Tincture. Tickell's ASther. [Gums. Tin<Sure$ for the Teeth and Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth Ache Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Asiatic. Ditto — Paraguay.

Ditto — Royal.

Trotter's AfiaticToothPo wder.

Trowbridge Golden Pills. Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water.

Turlington's Balsam. Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten's Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts. Walford's Pancreatic Powders. Walker's Jesuit's Drops. Ditto — Specific Remedy. Ditto — Stomachic Wine. Walkey's'Tooth Powder. Waller's Ointment.

Walsh's Coltsfoot Lozenges. Ditto — Ginger Seeds.

Ditto — Pills.

Ward's Dropsy Pills. [Ache. Ditto — Essence for the Head Ditto — Liquid Sweat.

Ditto — Pane.

DTtto — Powders.

Ditto — Red Pills.

Ditto — Sack Drops.

Ditto — Sweating Powder. Ditto — White Drops.

Ware's Asthmatic Drops. Warren's Analeptic Powders. Ditto — British Tooth Powder. Water's Artificial Mineral. Webster's Diet Drink.

Welsh's Female Pills. Wheatley's Ointment.

Ditto — Fluid. [tard.

Whitehead's Essence of Muf* Ditto — of Horehound.

Ditto — Pills.

Williams's Aperient Pills. Ditto — Essence of Benzoin, or Pulmonic Drops.

Ditto — Spa Elixir, or Restorative Drops.

Willis's Asthmatic Pills. Winch's Cough Drops.

Wray's Ague Pills. Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

441

44*

v-

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 74. [1803.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for further regulating the admtnifltation of the oath or Affirmation required to be taken by electors or members to fetve in parliament, by an act passed in the feeond year of King George tht Second, intituled An act for the more, effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the election of members to feftre in parliament.

[July 4, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An for extending c. 6l» the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for directing the appointment of of to administef certain differ and declarations required by law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the eieftion of members to* sett* in pirfRa-ment, ' to all oaths now required by law to be taken by vtrtef* at elections for members to serve in parliament, it texts among other things enacted, that when A poll should be demanded at arty ekf* x tion of a member or members to fetve in parliament for any cOtCftty, city, borough, or other plate in England of Wales, the totote, ^Berwick-upon-Tweed, the returning officer it officers at every such election, after such potl should be demanded, should* at the instantt and request in writing of any candidate or candidates at such eufttOH, Wider his or their hand or hands, immediately after fath request, and before he or they should proceed further in taking the poll, retain, nominate, and appoint two of mote persons, (as the case might require) severally and at different places separate and apart from the place where the poll should be taken, to administer all the oath, and take the declarations and affirmations the# requited by teiv to be taken and made by voters at elections of members to serve in parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the oath or affirmation required by an act passed in the second year of his late majesty King George the a Geo. a. Second, intituled An adtfOr the more effectual pretertriffg feri-c. 2+. bery and corruption irt the eteftiim <ff member tofewe iff parliament, to be taken or made by every freeholder, citizen, freeman, burgess, or person having or claiming to have d right to vote Or polled at any election of any member or members- to serve for thi cm-mons in parliament, should be taken or made by such freeholder, cifizJttt freeman, burgess, or person at the poll\ immediately before he is admitted to poll it fitch election; be it therefore enacted by the King* most GXfcelten* majesty* fey and with the advice and edn* sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cotffttttfftrt, ill tfei*

So much of present parKamem aflemWed, and by the authority of the fad*,

42 Gcq^$. That, from and after the passing of this act, & much of the Aid c. 6t» as re- recited act ptfited irt the forty-second year of his present bfeJeftK spefts the oath she fakl oath or affirmation required by the fetd aft

j^Seo. passed in the second year of Kifig Osorgt the Second* flteH be c. 24, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of repealed, and this act, the said oath or affirmation shall be taken or made by

&^lbe taken CV5J7 freeholder, citizen, freeman, burgess, or person at the

poll,

poll, and immediately before he is admitted to poll at such elec- by every per-tion, ill manner prescribed by the said act passed in the second son before he year of his late majesty King George the Second, in case the fame^ in man-° shall be demanded by either of the candidat6s? or Uny two of the ner prescribed electors. by recited act

CAP. LXXV.

of 4 Gco« 4* if demanded.

An act to authori/e the sale or mortgage of the estates of persons found lunatick by inquisition, in England or Irefond^respectively; and the granting offeafos of the same. - — [July 4, 1803.]

WHEREAS great injury frequently happens to persons found fynatick or of unfound mind, and incapable of managing their affairs9 by inquisitions taken in England and Ireland respectively $ and the creditors of such persons are delayed in obtaining payment of their demands for want of sufficient power Jo apply the property of such persons in discharge if their debts and engagements: and whereas the care and commitment of the cufody of the persons and estates of persons so found lunatick or of unsound mind, have been usually entrufied, by virtue of the King's sign manual, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the cufody of the great seal of the united kingdom and of Ireland reffectively, and it would be beneficial to such persons and their creditor s, if power were given to dispose of their property, for payment of their debts, and performance of weir engagements, under the controul of such chancellor, keeper, and of in England, and Ireland respectively\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal.and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the 'The lord lord chancellor, lord keeper or lords commissioners for the cuf- ^ancelkwof tody of the great fed of the united kingdom and of Ireland re- ^ngdom and spedlively, being entrusted by virtue of the King's sign manual, of Ireland with tire care and commitment of the pustody of the persons being entrust. and estates of persons found lunatick or of unfound mind, and ed th incapable of managing their affairs, by inquisition taken in eRaUs^oHu-England and Ireland respectively, to order the freehold and lease- naticks, may, hold estates of such persons respectively, to be sold, or charged order the and incumbered by way of mortgage or otherwise, as shall be and

deemed most expedient, for the purpose of raising such sum or ^statcrof such sums of money, as shall be necessary for payment of the debts, persons to be and for performing the contrails or engagements of any such ibid or charg-persons respectively, and the costs and charges attending the cd same, and attending such sale, mortgage, or incumbrance respect f^moneyfbr tively, and to direct the committee or committees of the estate the payment of such persons respectively, to execute in the name and on, of debts, &c. behalf of such persons respectively conveyances of the estates so; to bt fold, mortgaged, or incumbered, and to procure such admittance to and make such surrenders of the copyhold estates of such persons found lunatick or of unibund mind, and to do alt such act as CBtaU be necessary to dftfluate the same, in such

444 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 75. [1803.

manner as such chancellor, keeper, or commissionters of the great seal of the united kingdom and of Ireland respectively shall direct; which conveyances so to be mad? in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in laty as if the same had been executed by every/uch person so found natick or of unfound mind respectively, when in his or her found mind.

Surplus mo-

II. And be it further declared, That in case there shall be ney so raised, any surplus of money to be raised by any such sale as aforesaid, lfecHn t^e a^cr an^wcr'n? purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applied Eune manner and disposed of in the same manner as the estate fold would have as the estate. been applied if this act had not been made.

III. And whereas many persons so found lunatick, or of unfound mind, may be seised and possessed of freehold and copyhold lands, tine-ments, and hereditaments, either for the term of their natural lives or for some other estate, with power of granting leases and taking fine, referring small rents on such leases for one, two, or three lives, in possession or reversion, or for some number of years determinable

The power of upon iives, or for terms of years absolutely; be it enacted, That leafing lands, in every such case all and every power of leafing such Iand

' natekshaV- tcncmen*sr and hereditaments, which is or shall be vested in such ing only a*.person so found lunatick or of unfound mind, having a limited limited estate estate only, shall and may be executed by the committee or therein, may committees of the estate of such person, under the direction and b the^corn- order the l°rd chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of imttecofm" for the? custody of the great seal of the united kingdom and of the estate of, Ireland\ respectively, being duly entrusted by virtue of the King's such person sign manual, with the care and commitment of the custody of le^ronoffhc Persons and e^ales of such persons; and such lease or leases lord chan-to executed by the said committee and committees, under celior. and by virtue of such order, shall be as good and effectual in law as if the same were executed by the said person so found lunatick or of unfound mind, in his or her found mind.

IV. And whereas persons so found lunatick or of unfound mind, may be seised or possessed of and entitled to freehold or copyhold estates in fee or in tail, and an absolute interest in leasehold estates, and it may be for the benefit of such persons, that leases or under leases should be made of such estates for terms of years, and efpe dally to encourage the ereflion of buildings thereon or repairing buildings actually being thereon, or other-

Where luna- wife improving the same; be it enacted, That it shall and may be ^k^rcfrifed lawful for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners copyhold or ^or custody great united kingdom and of Ire-

estates in fee Z^irespectively, entrusted by virtue of the King's lign manual with or in tail, and the care and commitment of the custody of the persons and estates an absolute- of such persons respectively, to order and direct a committee or leasehold1 committees of the estate of such lunatick, to make such leases of estates, the the freehold, copyhold, or leasehold estates of such persons respectJord chan* lively, according to his or her interest therein respectively, and CfN°r may di-10 tjjC nature of the tenures of such estates respectively, for such witteeof^he term or terms of years, and subject to such rents and covenants, estate of such as the lord chancellor, lord-keeper, or lords of for

28p3-'] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. 445

the custody of the great seal of the united kingdom ancj of Ire- lunatick to land respectively, entrusted as aforesaid, shall direct 5 and that all*

and every such lease or leases made by such committee or com- €r*vnittees, under and by virtue of the said order, as such lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners respectively shall make thereupon, shall be as good and valid in the law, as if the same had been executed by the persons so found lunatick or of unfound mind respectively, in his or her found mind.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every act to be A&soffcom-

donc by such committee or committees of the estate of such lu- n?, ttcc natick, under and by virtue of this aH, and the order of the or^r

lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of of the great of the lord leal of the united kingdom, and of Ireland respectively, entrusted chancellor, as aforesaid, shall be as valid and binding against the said persons P1*1 be bind-lo found lunatick and of unfound mind respectively, and all persons^claiming by, through, or under him or her respectively, as if the

persons so found lunatick or of unfound mind respectively, had been in his or her found mind, and had personally done such act or alb respectively.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing Alt not to

in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to subject the subject any part of the freehold, copyhold, or leasehold estates of f^atick to* any person found lunatick or of unfound mind, to the debts or the ^ts of demands of his creditors, otherwise than as the same are now his creditors, subject or liable, by due course of law, but only to authorise any otherwise the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the now

custody of the great seal of the united kingdom and of Ireland iaw^biit only respectively, being entrusted by virtue of the King's sign manual, to authorise with the care and commitment of the custody of the persons the lord

and estates of the persons so found lunatick or of unfound mind, ^keor^r0 to make order in such cases as are herein before mentioned, when [JJ cafc8 wjion the same shall be deemed for the benefit and advantage of such deemed of person so found lunatick or of unfound mind, and incapable of benefit to the managing his or her affairs. lunatick.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for transferring to the royal navy such feamett as are now serving in the militia of Ireland.

[July 4, 1803.]

WHEREAS, in the present conjuncture it is expedient to transfer9 to the service of the royal navy9 such seamen as are now serving in the militia of Ireland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ensiled and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That His Majesty it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for the lord lieutenant or ^ciJtenant1 other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the'time being, maydirectpri- from time to time to authorise and direct the colonel or other vate militia commandant of any regiment, battalion, corps, or independent men being sea-company of militia of Ireland from time to time to discharge any to

number a a^rcc 0

44^ Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. [1803.

enter into die number of private men serving in any such reginpent, battalion, diich'ar^ed corPs> or independent company; being seamen, as shall desire 1 S*their discharge for the purpose of entering, and shall have agreed to enter, into the royal navy; and every such private man, on due proof and examination on his oath before any justice of the peace of the county or place where such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company shall be quartered or placed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), as well as in regard to the time of his service at sea, as to other circumstances necessary to satisfy such colonel Or other commandant of the fad of such service, shall, wheiiaftd after having been examined by such sea officer or sea officers as shall be appointed for this service, if approved of by him or th*ai, be discharged from the militia, and delivered over to such sea officer or sea officers, and enrolled in his Majesty's naval ffcrvl#; and every such man so discharged as aforesaid, on so engaging to serve in the navy, shall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the present war, and for the space of tlifee calendar months after the ratification of the definitive treaybf peace, if the ship on board which such person shall serve fh^n be in any of the ports of Ireland, or otherwise for the space <rfA)c calendar months next after the arrival of such ship in fudrpbft. Not more

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That (hfe than ascertain co]one] or other commandant of any regiment, battalion, corps. Sen to be*so or independent company of militia, shall not at any one thtte discharged at discharge, or cause to be or have discharged, in pursuance of this ^netime; ad, from the said service of the militia into the navy, more in cate^oHh* number than one inten of all the private men then enrolled ih number of t^e regent, battalion, corps, or independent compaby, men and their unless or until other men, according to the directions of the ad, names, &c. in the proportions herein after specified, shall be raised and en-

initted't^the ro^e<*n room private men before discharged; and that secretary of€ whenever such colonel or other commandant shall have dif* the lord lieu- charged from his regiment, battalion, corps, or independent tena'nt', for the company, such proportion of one inten men enrolled as aforesaid, thfor?a n0f hes hereby required to cause certificate^ of the number of men ' e a mira y.^discharged who shall respectively have been enlisted or entered in the navy, signed by himself and by the adjutant of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, to be transmitted to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, for the purpose of being by him communicated to the office of the admiralty in Great Britain; and every such certificate shall contain the names of the men so discharged, and of the officer or officers of the navy to whom they shall respectively have been delivered.

Volunteers

III. And be it further enacted, That the governors, and ia^oom^f deputy governors respectively of the county, city, or place in men so dif- Ireland to which the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent charged, &c. company from which such private men shall be discharged doth belong, and also the colonel or other commandant of such

regiment,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 7$. 447

regiment) battalion, corps, or independent company, and every other commissioned officer, duly/^thorised. by the colonel c>r other commandant of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, shall be and each of them is hereby empowered, by beat of drum or otherwise, to jaife. volunteers, from time to time, to be enrolled as private men in such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company, in the rotom of such private men as shall from time to time have heen discharged in pursu* ance of this act; and that the colonel or other commandant; whenever the number of private men so discharged shall be replaced by new recruits, shall and he is hereby required to certify the same by writing under his hand to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being* and it shall and may be lawful for the said colonel or other commandant thereupon, and upon receiving the directions of his or of such lord ltcutenan| or other

chief governor or governors of Irihnd for that purpose to pro* ceed to discharge inch further number of private men, being seamen as shall desire their discharge, in manner and for the purpose herein-before directed, (b as not to exceed the proportion aforesaid, and which men so discharged shall and may, from time, to time be replaced in the manner before directed; and the said colonel or other commandant shall continue from time to time to discharge. all such private men as shall he desirous of their discharge as aforesaid, until all the feamejn desirous of entering into the navy shall have been discharged for that purpose, in the manner before mentioned; and all private men fothen"! discharged and entering into the navy shall be entitled to the to be entitled usual allowance of bounty paid to men of their description to the usual entering in the royal navy, bounty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all volunteers who shall Such volun-

he raised and enrolled as private men in any such regiment, Uve

battalion, corps, or independent company, to supply the place of ^ualallowan* those so discharged, (hah be entitled to the same allowance of ces, and their bounty, subsistence money, arms, and cloathing, as the other number from

private men of the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent ^rUfiedmhc company; and that the colonel or other commandant shall, f€cretaryof from time to time, as be shall find most convenient, or as shall the Lord lieu-be required, certify to the chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant, tenant, &c* or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, the number of volunteers who shall have been so raised and enrolled as private men as aforesaid, until the whole number of discharged men shall be replaced; and that all persons who shall engage to serve as private men as aforesaid in pursuance of this act, shall be enlisted to serve for the same period as other substitutes and volunteers enrolled for service in the said militia; and all vacancies thereafter arising in respect of any such men,

shall be fUpplied as the same may by law* be fiippliedln other cases.*v.

V. And be it further enacted, That for- every (eaman dif-For ey.ery f€a* charged from any regiment, battalion, corps, or independent d5'the company commandant.

448 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. [1803.

shall be en- company of militia, in pursuance of this act, the colonel or other titled to ten commandant of such regiment, battalion, corps, or independent transmitting a company, shall be entitled to receive in the manner herein-afteT

certificate

the men, to the collector of the excif'e, who shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy.

mentioned, the sum of ten guineas, to be applied in providing from the offi- other private men to replace the number so discharged; and the cer receiving ^cer of the navy, or person appointed to receiveany man so dischauged who shall enter into the service of the navy, shall respectively deliver to the colonel or other commandant of the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company from which such men were discharged, a certificate under the hand of such officer of the navy, (periling the names of the men so discharged, and the regiment, battaliorl, corps, or independent cqmpa&y of militia, from which every such man was discharged; which certificate shall be attested by the commanding officer or adjutant of the said regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company of militia*; and such certificate being transmitted to the collector of his Majesty's revenue of excise in Ireland for the district to which the regiment, battalion, corps, or independent company aforesaid doth belong, shall entitle such colonel or other commandant to the payment of the sum of ten guineas for every man specified in such certificate* to be applied for the purposes before mentioned; and every such collector shall be and is hereby empowered and required, on demand made, and prodqftion and delivery of such certificate, to pay the said sums out of any publick monies in his hands/ taking the receipt of such colonel or other commandant; and all sums so paid on account of the men entered in the navy, shall be carried to the account of the tresurer of the navy, and upon production and delivery of such certificates and receipts at jthe navy office, shall be immediately duly paid by such treasurer of the navy to such collector advancing the same, or to his order.*

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person being en-

If any person

J? <*J°. !" rolled in his Majesty's naval service by virtue of this act, shall

navy, ffiaUde- desert such service, or being actually entered in such service, shall fert or lift into enlist himself in any company, troop, or regiment in his Ma-any other of jetty's military or marine forces, without first having a discharge his Majesty's in writing from the said of of the admiralty, or such strike any officer or officers as shall be duly authorised by them for that officer, or purpose, or shall strike or use any violence against any officer or disobey com- officers under whose command he shall be pur, (such officer or fh^suffer hC officers l>cing in the execution of his or their duty), or shall death.U Cr disobey any lawful command of such officer or officers; all and every person or persons so offending on (bore in Great Britain, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall he inflisted; and such person or persons being apprehended, or in custody for such offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's ships of war in commission at any of the ports of Ireland and may be there detained and tried for such offence, in such manner and by such court as if such offence had been committed on board or from on board such ships of war.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 76. 449

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be law- Persons fufful for the constable of the barony, parish, town, or place, and {^a^be he is hereby required, where any person enrolled by virtue of apprehended, this act, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, and if found* shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, to be enrolled

and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of thein th* nav)r^1- r r.b, J J.may be corn-

peace living in or near such town or place, who is hereby enfl- mitted to

powered and required to examine such person, and if by his prison, and an

confession or the testimony of one or more witnesses upon oath, account font

or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear ^o/tSs*

or be found that such person is a person duly enrolled in his {-CIU

Majesty's naval service by virtue of this act, such justice of the tenant.

peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place where

such deserter shall be apprehended, and transmit an account

thereof to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant or other

chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to the

end such person may be proceeded against according to law; and Gaoler to rc-

the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall re- crive fubfif-

ccive the full subsistence of such deserter during the time he shall but no

continue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter,

but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the

imprisonment of any such deserter; any law, usage, or custom to

the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure and apprehend such deserter, be it further enacted, That such Reward for justice of the peace shall also issue his warrant, in writing, to the ^Errters^11^ collector or collectors of h»*» Majesty's revenue of excise in Ireland for the district within which such deserter shall be apprehended for paying out of any publick money in his hands to such person or persons as shall Apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of ten shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which fam of ten shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person in Ireland Penalty for shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's harbouring or said naval service, knowing him to be such, every such person so darters, offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten which may be pounds, and upon conviction by the oath of one or more levied by credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justices of diitrpfs. the peace, the said penalty shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice m justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said penalty to be paid to the informer by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended, and the other moiety to be paid to the officer of the regiment, battalion; or corps tQ whom any such deserter did or doth belong, to be credited by him in'hie accounts; and in case any such offender who shall be Voj, XLIV. G 0 convicted

45° Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. [ 1

convicted as aforesaid of harbouringor assisting any such desertef'. or deserters, contrary £0 the intent of this act, mall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made tg the # value of the penalty recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then and in fufch case such justice or justices shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main prize for the space of three months.

X. And whereas there may be c^cajion for the quartering of the men enrolled by virtue of this act in fever a I parts of the united king-roHe^itThis* lt ^urt^er enacted, That it shall be lawful.to quarterand

Majesty's fer- billet the men enrolled in his Majesty's naval service by virtue of vice may be this act, while on shore, (except in the city and county of the quartered as city of London), in such manner, and at such times and places the marines. respectively, and under such and the like powers, rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions as his Majesty's marine forces, may be quartered and billetted by any act in force for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices or employments in Ireland, according to law.

[July 4, 1S03.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for continuing until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, an act passed in the forty-fecotid year of the reign of his, present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, the prices at which grain, meal, and flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an act made in the present session of parliament, for continuing the said act, and for permitting the exportation of feed corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

[July 4, 1803.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for making more effectual provision within Ireland for the punishment of offences, in wilfully casting away, sinking, burning, or destroying ships and vessels; and for the more convenient trial of aedffaries in felonies.

[July 4, 1003.]

WHEREAS in and by an act made in the parliament of Ireland* in the eleventh year of the reign of his late tnajeffy King jrish aft, George the Secokd, intituled An act for enforcing and making 11 Geo. a. re* perpetual an act, intituled, ' An act for the preserving all such ttC PU" &*PS an(* 80QCk thereof which shall h>ppen to be forced on shore be inffiftedon or (landed upon the coasts of this kingdom; and also, for in-persons wil- (lifting the punishment of de^th on such as shall wilfully "burn, fully calling fink, or destroy such ships, ' it is amongst other things enactedj that awiy ships* if any owner of or captain, wafer, or mariner, or other officer he longing to any ship, shall, after the twenty-fifth Jay of March which

fall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-

tightx

a

*$03.} Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79. 451

tight, wilfully cast away, fink, burn, or otherwise destroy the ship of which he is owner, or unto which he belongeth, or in manner otherwise dire51 or procure the same to be done, to the prejudice of any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, that shall underwrite or

execute any policy or policie> of insurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that shall load goods thereon, and shall be lawfully con-ytfted thereof, such p erf on or persont so offending shall be adjudged guilty offelony, and shallfuffer death without the benefit of clergy, or of the statute made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for taking away the benefit of9Amue. clergy in certain cases, and for taking away the book in all cases, and for repealing part of the statute for transporting felons: and whereas the above, prpttifwns in the said in part recited act, have been found inadequate and ineffectual for the prevention and punishment of the offences therein mentioned; be it therefore enactW by the K ing's 'most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and iconsent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the prov; fiong of same, That the said provisions of the said herein in part recited recited act shall be, and the same are hereby repealed* ad repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons After Aug.

shall, from and after the first day of August orte thousand 1803, persons eight hundred and three, wilfully cast away, fink, burn, or wilfully cast-otherwise destroy any ship or vessel, or in any wise counsel, direct, &cC#

or procure the same to be done, and the same be accordingly or procuring done with intent and design thereby wilfully and maliciously to it to be done, prejudice any owner or owners of such ship or vefljbl, or any fbdl t* ad-owner or owners of any goods laden on board the same, ot anyfuffCTon, person or persons, body politick or corporate, that hath or have death, underwritten, or shall underwrite any policy or policies of insurance upon such ship or vert'd, or on the freight thereof, or

trpon any goods laden onboard the same, the person or persons.offending therein, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a principal felon or felons, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such ship or vessel Where fitch shall from and afrer the said first day of August orte thousemd ?^cn.c^f eight hundred and three, be wilfully cast away, sunk, burnt, or^1^ ' other wise, destroyed, within the body of any county* fn Irelandj

that theft the said several offences, as well in wilfully carting away, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying such ship or vessel, as in counselling, directing, or procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged in the same courts, and in such manner and form, as felonies done within the body of any county, by the laws in force iii Ireland, now are to be inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged y and if any such ship or vessel shall be wilfully sunk, cast away, burnt, or otherwise destroyed on the high seas, then that the said several offences, as well in wilfully carting away, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any such Clip or vessel, as in counfdling, directing,

Art not to assert proceedings again It offences already commenced.

452 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 79.

[1S03.

ami procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and mar be respectively inquired of, tried, determined, and adjudged*

- within Ireland, befote such court, in such manner and form as in and by an art made in the parliament of Ireland^ in the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth years of the reign of King James the First, intituled, 'An act for punishing of pirates and rob-lers on the feay and in and by another art made in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the high fourt of admiralty in this kingdom, is appointed and directed for the inquiring, trying, determining, and adjudging within Ireland, of felonies upon the high Teas.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in thisac1 contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to bar or defeat any prosecution already commenced, or hereafter to be commenced within Ireland, for any offence or offences already committed, or which shall bd committed against the said provi* fions of the said herein in part recited act, of the eleventh year of the reign of King George the Second, before the said first day of August one thousand eight hundred and three; but that such prosecutions may be commenced and proceeded in respectively, as if the said provisions of the said art had not been repealed.

V. And whereas it is convenient that accessaries to felonies committed within the body of any county within Irelandijbouti be by law liable to be tried as well in the county wherein the principal felony was committed, as in the county in which they so become aecejfaries; and alfoy that aecejfaries to Jelonies committed upon the high seas should be by law liable to be tried by such courts and in such manner as by the said in part recited acts of the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth years of the reign of King James the First, and twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majestfs reign^is directed in respect to felonies done upon the high seas; be it therefore enacted,

Accessaries to That, from and after the said first day of August one thousand tried either c*lt hundred and three, in all cases whatsoever in which any in the county person or persons shall hereafter procure, direct, counsel, or where the command any dther person or persons to commit, or shall abet principal of-, any other person or persons in committing any felony whatso-c^nnmitted or ever» or shalln any wife whatsoever become an accessary or in that where accessaries before the fart to any felony whatsoever, whether the offence of such principal felony be committed within the body of any being accef-^county within Ireland\ or upon the high seas, and whether such wd ft^the^ProcUr*ng» directing, counselling, commanding, and abetting, principal of- or otherwise becoming accessary or accessaries before the fart fence shall be shall have been committed or done, within the body of any committed on county within Ireland, or upon the high seas, that then and in the accessaries ("ch ca^es^ the office of the person or persons so procuring, shall be tried directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such felony, or in manner so in anywise becoming accessary or accessaries before the fart prescribed by to such felony, shall and may be inquired of, tried, determined, rTac iand an<* a(*judged, case such principal felony shall have been com-24 Geo. it milted within the body of any county within Ireland, by the court*

Goo;

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. 453

course of the common law of Ireland\ either within such county for trying fe-whereinthe said principal felony shall have been committed, or teas, within the county wherein the said offence in procuring, dirrfting, counselling, commanding, and abetting, or otherwise be*-coming accessary or acc^flarics before the fa<ft shall have been committed or done; and in case the said principal felony shall have been committed upon the high Teas, then the said offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such felony, or of so becoming an accessary or accessaries before the fa<ft to the same shall and may be inquired of within Ireland, in and by such court, and in such manner and form, as in and by the said in part recited acts of the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth years of the reign of King James the First, and the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, is appointed and directed for the trying, determining, tmd adjudging of felonies done upon the high seas: provided Persons once always, that no person or persons who shall hereafter be once ^"ndi^cd tried and acquitted, or convicted, of any such offence in pro- for the same curing, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting any offence, felony, or of otherwise becoming an accessary or accessaries before the fa<ft of such felony, whether the trial of such perfomor persons shall have been had according to the course of the common law of Ireland^ as in the case of a felony committed within the body of any county in Ireland, or according to the provisioni contained in the said last mentioned acts, as in the case of a felony committed on the high seas, shall be liable to be again indilted, prosecuted, or tried for the same offence in any court or jurisdiction whatsoever.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds, to be issued and applied towards making roads and building bridges in the highlands of Scotland 5 and for enabling the proprietors of land in Scotland to charge their estates with a proportion of the expence of making and keeping in repair roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland.

[July 4, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds, for this present year, toward defraying the expence of constructing such roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland\ as shall appear to be most immediately necessary for opening extensive communications through that part of the united kingdom, whereby its fisheries may be encouraged, and the industry of its inhabitants greatly promoted; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and

454 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80'. [r8p3»

and cobimons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the On or before authority of the same, That out of any monies granted for the Dec. 31, 1803. supply of the present \ear, there shall be issued and paid at the issued ou^of6 rece*Pt Majesty's exchequer in Great Britain, on or before the exchequer the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and 20, 000l. to be three, the sum of twenty thousand pounds, without any deduc-applied bytbejion whatever, to the of herein after named; which heteinaTter^8 ^um be aPPbed by the said of towards* making named, to- such roads, and eroding such bridges in the highlands of Scotland % wards making as shall be judged proper, in the manner herein after directed, and roads and to no other ufeor purpose whatsoever: provided always, that the the^hf8hland8^commissioners maY invert the said sum of twenty thousand of Scotland, pounds in exchequer bills, or India bonds, to be lodged in the bank of England, until the same shall be applied in manner herein directed.

Treasury shall

II. And be it further enacted, That the lords*commissioners order surveys of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall order and direct to be made. some gt an(j prDpcr person or ersons to make a survey of for-veys of the roads and bridges which it shall be deemed most ad*

1 vile able to make and ered in the highlands of Scotland; wrbfdi

person or persons shall report upon oath his or their opinion thereupon, together with an estimate of the expence of the making and erecting respectively each of such roads and bridges, to the said lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, who, or*any three or more of them, shall thereupon refer (6ch survey,

er^Todeterl °pmi°n>nd estimates to the said of herein after mine thereon, named, which said of shall then consider and determine which of the said roads and bridges so surveyed and reported upon, and estimated, shall be made and erected in the jnanner herein directed, and shall cause a list and description thereof, referring to such survey, to be published in the London and Edinburgh Gazettes; and facelift and description shall also be sent to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for every and each county through which the said roads, or any of them, is or are intended to pass, or in which the said bridges or any of Surveys and them afe intended to be erected: provided always, that if the I estimates al- lord$-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall be satis^ may be*'w*b any survey or surveys, and estimate or estimates already

adopted. made of any such road or roads, or bridge or bridges, it shall and may be lawful for them to refer the same to the said coffl-missioners herein after named, who shall advertise and fend lifts

and descriptions of the same in the manner herein directed, and such road or roads, bridge or bridges, may be thereupon made and erected pursuant to this act.

When half of

III. And be it further enacted, That so soon as a sum equal

the estimated to one.half of the expence so estimated of any such road, or any ^yeroad°or such bridge shall he paid (or secured to be paid) to the satisfac-bridgeftiallbe tion of the of appointed by this act; and also security engaged for, given to the satisfaction of the said of, that such per-the.commis- son or persons will further bear and defray all such further sum sioners all Qr suing.Of money^ beyond such estimated expence, as shall be necessary

Go< [e

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. 435

necessary to make and complete such road on bridge, the said open an ac-commissioners shall direct an account to be opened in the books the

of the said of, for such road or bridge, and shall 0 er place to such account a sum equal'to one-half of the said estimated expence; and it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons contributing to the expence, of such road or bridge, to pay the mopey so contributed to the governor and company of the bank of Scotland, upon an account to be opened in the name of the said of for such road or bridge.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the right honourable the Commission. speaker of the house of commons, the right honourable the chan-tTt-cellor of the exchequer, his Majesty's advocate for Scotland, all

for the time being, the right honourable William Dundasy fir William Pulteney baronet, Isaac Hawkins Browne esquire, Nicholas Vansittart esquire, Charles Grant esquire, William Smith esquire, and Charles Dundas esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed of fy the purposes of this act, and they are hereby directed to meet ftom time to time in London or Westmin- jler, for the purposes of this act; and at all such meetings, in case of an equality of voices, the chairman shall have a catting -

VQte. N

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of a vacancy or His Majestyta vacancies, by death or resignation, of any one or more of the'appoint com. said of, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty,

to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think cane/, proper, to supply such vacancy or vacancies, and that every per-fpn so nominated and appointed, (h&U be held and considered to be inverted with all the same porters* as are delegated to the of appointed by this act, in whose room such person is so nominated.

VI. And be it enacted, That one-half of the expence of such When exroad or bridge being so paid or secured to be paid to the satis- ^|cd for"^" faction of the said of, and a sum equal thereto trans- roa(j8 0r*ferred in the accounts of the said of to the account of bridges to be such road or bridge in manner above directed, such road shall proceeded be forthwith directed to be made, and such, bridge shall forthwith

be directed to be erected, agreeably to the plan and fttrvey herein 0^directed to be made, or such other plan as may upon subsequent consideration be approved by the said of, so that the execution thereof shall not exceed the said estimated expence.

VII. Provided always, and be it ehaded. That each and every Commissionv*

" such road shall be made, and each and every such bridge shall be t^8a{^roake

erected, in conformity to the plan and survey thereof approved COntrad*. of Jn the manner herein directed; and the said of,

nd the person or persons advancing and paying or securing one-half of the expence thereof as aforesaid, who are hereby constituted trustees, or such committee of the said trustees as they shall appoint in manner herein directed, are hereby empowered and required to make such contracts or agreements with skilful persons and their sureties for the making of such road or roads, and the creating such bridge or bridges* and to appoint such person

or

0

456 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. [1803.

or persons as they shall think proper, who may, from time to time, under such regulations as the bid of shall direct, dqaw for the necessary sums to defray the expence thereof\ and such payments from time to time shall be placed to the account of the said respective roads or bridges.

Exceft ofefti-

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the actual paid by the expence of making any such road, or erecting any such bridge, contributors. G*aH exceed the estimated expence, all such excess of expemx shall be defrayed by the several persons who shall have given the security herein directed, and shall have contributed towards raising one-half of the said estimated expence, according to the respective proportions which they may have contributed thereto. Commission-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of take&rond an<* be* a°d they are hereby empowered to take and

on making acquire all such ground as may be necessary for the making of satisfactionto the said roads, and erecting the said bridges, making such satis-the owners, faction to the proprietor or proprietors, and occupier or occupiers, as can be agreed upon by and between the said of and trustees, and such proprietor or proprietors, occupier or occupiers; and in the event that they cannot agree, then upon payment of such sum or sums of money as shall be awarded by a jury of fifteen persons, summoned and chosen by the (herinof the county, in such manner as juries are summoned and chosen. by sheriffs of counties in Scotland> whose determination is hereby declared to be final; and in the event that such jury shall award a larger sum than may have been offered by such of and trustees, the expence attending such jury shall be paid by the said of and trustees out of the monies paid and transferred for such road or bridge, in manner herein directed; and if such jury shall award no more, or any sum less than that offered by the said of and trustees, the expence of such jury shall be defrayed and borne by the person or persons who shall not have agreed with such of and trustees: provided always, that after having offered to any proprietor or proprietors of any lands, such sum as such of and trustees shall think reasonable, it shall be and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such lands for the purposes of this act.

Application of X. And be it further enacted, That if any money shall be compensation agreed pr awarded to be paid for any lands, tenements, or heri-amountir^ to ta6es» pwchafed, taken or used by virtue of the powers of this aop/.Un ° act, for the purposes thereof, which are held under entail, or are subject to life-rents, annuities, or other incumbrances, or shall belong to any corporation, married woman, infant, lunatick, or«person or persons under any disability or incapacity, such money

{hfell, in case the same shall amount to the (om of two hundred pounds, or so much thereof as such corporation, ^he husband of such married woman, tutor or curator of such infant or lunatick, or of any other person under any disability or incapacity, shall think proper, not being more than one year's free rent of the

estate of such person or persons, with the consent of the said of,

1803.] Anno o regni quadragesimo tertio CjEorgii III. c. So. 45^.

be either paid to the said governor and company of the bank of Scotland^ to be placed to the account of anyroad or bridge under the provisions of this act, to the expence of which

; such corporation or husband of such married woman, tutor, or curator of such infant, lunatick, or other person, under any dik ability or incapacity, shall wish to contribute, and the balance thereof, or the whole, in case the same shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds or more, shall, in the option of such corporation, husband, tutor, or curator, under the direction and by the authority of the court of session, be with all convenient - speed paid into the bank of Scotland, or royal hank of Scotland, to: the'intent that such money shall be applied, under the direction

and with the approbation of the said court, to be hgnified by an order, made upon a petition, to be preferred in a summary way

*- by the person or persons who would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said lands, tenements, or heritages, in the purchase or redemption of the land-tax, or discharge of any debt or debts, or such other incumbrance, or part thereof, as the said court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the same lands, tenements, or heritages, or affecting other lands, tenements, or.heritages (landing settled therewith, to the same or the like uses,

: intents, or purposes; or where such money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like directions and approbation of the said court, in the purchase of

other messuages, lands, tenements^ or heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like uses, trurts, intents, and purposes, and in the same manner as the messuages, lands, tenements, and heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time, and until such purchase shall be

made, the interest or annual produce of such money shall from time to time be paid, by order of the said court, to the person or

/ persons who would, for the time being, have been entitled to the rents and profits of the lands, tenements, and heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such purchase or settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Whentmder money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any lands, tenements, or heritages purchased, taken, or used for the purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any corporation, or to any persons under disability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, then and in all such cases, the same shall, at the option of the person or persons for the time being entitled to the rents and profits of the heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their tutors or curators, in case of infancy or lunacy, to be signified in writing under their respective hands, be either paid with the consent of the said of to the said governor and company of the bank of Scotland, to be placed to the i account

458 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. So.

[1803.

When under ao/.

Power to dig fot materials, paying for damages*

Damages to be determined by the sheriff depute or two justices.

account of any road or bridge under the provisions of this act, to which such person or persons, or his, her, or their tutors or curatorse, shall wish to contribute, or shall, under the direction and authority of the court of session aforesaid, be paid into either of the said banks, and be'placed to his or their account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directedror otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like option, to two trustees, to be nominated by the person or persons making such option, and approved of by three or more of the said commissioners (such nomination and approbation to be signified in writing under the hands of the nominating and approving parties), in order that such principal money, and the interest arising thereon, may be applied in any/ manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the'case be applicable.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than twenty pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the use of the person or persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of in* fancy or lunacy, then to his, her, or their tutors or curators, to and for the use and benefit of such person or persons (b entitled respectively.

3£III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of and trustees, and such person or persons as shall be appointed by order of any three or more of the said trustees, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any gravel, furze, heath, sand, stones, and other materials for raak« ing or repairing the said roads, out of the several grounds of any person or persons, not being the ground whereon any houses (land, the side walls of which are twelve feet high, nof a garden, orchard, planted walk or walks, lawn, or any avenue to any house, nor any piece or parcel of ground set apart and used as a nursery for trees, except such gravel pits as have been opened and used for the purpose of repairing the roads, within three years previous to the passing of this act^ where such materials are or may be found, and from time to time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the person or persons so to be appointed shall judge necessary for making, repairing, and amending the roads aforesaid, paying only the damage done to the owners and occupiers of the said grounds respectively, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken away, or over which the same shall be carried.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in all cases where the owners and occupiers of houses and grounds do not agree with the said trustees concerning the amount of damages done by digging gravel and other materials necessary to be taken for the^making and repairing the said roads, the same shall be determined by the sheriffdepute, or by any two justices of the peace of fu, ch counties

respectively;

*$03 T Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8a 459

respectively$ but such difference between the trustees and owners or occupiers shall not in the mean time hinder the carrying off and tiling any gravel, stones, sand, or other materials, and allying the same towards making and repairing the said roads; and'1

the determination of such sheriff depute, or of such justices, is hereby cjeclared to be final.

XV. And whereas, by reason of the communications to be opened by such roads and bridges, great benefit is expected to accrue to the proprietors of estates in the highlands of Scotland, and that the annual value of such estates will be thereby greatly increased, and it being the refore expedient to enable heirs of entail, or ether persons under any legal disability or incapacity, to contribute to the making of such roads and OreftingfuCh bridges; be it enacted, That it shall and may be Incapacitated lawful for any corporation, or the tutor or curator of any infant Per/°ns ma7 or lunatick, or other person under any disability or incapacity, possessed or entitled to a real estate, or any heir of entail in po£-ceeding one session of an entailed estate in any county of Scotland^ through year's rent of which any such road shall pass, or in which any such bridge shall cftat?*»

befltuated, his or her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, with ex^ncc*

the consent of the said of, to contribute towards the of making making of such road or erecting of such bridges respeifUvely, any roads and sum not exceeding one year's free rent of such estate, and for bridges, that purpose it shall and may be lawful for such corporation, tutor, or curator, or heir of entail, or his or her tutor or curator, to charge such estate with any sum not exceeding one year's free rent thereof, to be borrowed for the purpose of contributing towards the expence of making any road, or erecting any bridge in such counties respectively, under the provisions of this act, which sum so contributed or borrowed shall be p?id as hereinbefore directed, to be placed to the account of the said respective roads or bridges.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such corpo- Interest of the ration, tutor and curator, heir of entail, his and her tutor or mon*y tutors, curator or curators, and every heir of entail succeeding to ££kcrtdovm. such entailed estate, his tutor or tutors, and curator or curators, P shall be obliged to keep down the interest upon such sum so borrowed; but it shall not be lawful for the creditor or creditors in the right of any such debt charged upon an entailed estate, to adjudge or otherwise evift the entailed estate for payment thereof, or any part thereof: provided always, that it shall and may be competent to such creditor or creditors to prosecute such remedy or remedies against: the rents thereof, as are given and allowed by the law of Scotland to heritable creditors.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That as soon Sinking fund as the roador the bridge, to the expence of making which such ^araent olT sum so borrowed, shall have been contributed by any heir of^Sonty so.entail, or his or her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, shall be borrowed, completed, the heir of entail in possession of such estate, his and her tutor and tutors, curator or curators, shall be bound and obliged in every Succeeding Jear to pay to the said of a sum at least equal to three pounds per centum of the amount of such

4*>o Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. So. [i &03.

such sum so borrowed, as a sinking fund to pay off the same, and discharge the said entailed estate thereps; and upon failure, of such payment for forty days after the term of Martinmas yearly, such heir of entail, or his or her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, shall for each omission forfeit and pay a sum equal to twice a the amount of the sum hereby directed to be annually paid, to

be recovered by way of suit, action, or complaint, before thq sheriff depute of any of the said counties respectively, or before the court of session or the court of exchequer in Scotland, with double costs of suit, and the decision of such courts respectively shall be final; one-half of which ^penalty or forfeiture shall be paid to the person or persons suing for the same, and the other half shall be paid as herein-before directed, to be placed to the account of such sinking fund; and such yearly payments shall be continued until a sum shall be accumulated, which, with the filtered thereof, shall be sufficient to repay the said principal fumfo borrowed; and when such sum shall be so applied, the said entailed estate shall be thereupon freed and disencumbered thereof; and if any surplus (half remain after the said sum so borrowed shall have been so discharged, such surplus shall be repaid to the heir of entail, his or her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, by whom the last yearly payments of such sinking fund was made: provided always, that the heir of entail in possession may apply, from time to time, to the said of for an order to apply such part of the said sinking fund as may be so accumulated, in discharging such part of the sum borrowed as the creditor or creditors mall be willing to receive in part.

Corporations, 'XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be wfcTlands ^aw^u^or any such corporation, tutor, or curator of any infant for contribut- or other person under any legal disability or incapacity, or heir ing to the ex- of entail, or his or her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, to pence of roads fell or feu, with the content of the said of and truf-and bridges* |eeSj any past cf such cntaiie(j estate, for the purpose of contributing any sum, not exceeding one year's free rent of such estate, towards making any road, or erecting any bridge, in the county in which such estate is situated*

When they

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any shall be deft- such corporation, tutor, or curator, or heir of entail, or his or MtfneaUr^er ^er tutor or tutors> curator or curators shall be desirous of contra than one tributing a larger sum than one year's free rent of such estate year's rent by towards the expence of any such road or bridge, by means of a °tj?art °^a^e of a Part of e^ate> or so small a part of such estate may foc*ent to ra'so any sum not exceeding such free year's 2pjJly tQ they rent as aforesaid cannot be conveniently fold or feued, it shall court of fef- and may be lawful for such corporation, tutor, or curator, or (ion in man- heir of entail, or his or her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, to aPP, yt0 court foonn manner directed by an act, tTxi6. pa'fled in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for consolidating the provisions of the several efts* passed for the redemption and /ale of the land-tax* into one aft; and for making further provisions for the redemption andjale thereof; v ', end

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8o. 46;

andfir removing doubts respecting the right of claiming to

vote at elections for knights of the /hire, and other persons, members Nto serve in parliament, in respeSi of messuages, lands, or tenements, the land-tax upon which Jhau have been redeemed or purchased \ and all the powers and authorities, rules and directions, given and required to be followed by that act, for the sale of real estates for the purposes of that act, are hereby given and required to be observed in such (ales hereby allowed for the purposes of this act, '

XX. provided always, and be it enacted, That so soon as the A ^um to he road or the bridge, to the expence of making which such ^um yearly for the for which the sale or feu hereby allowed of any part of any en- purchase of tailed estate, shall have taken place, the heir of entail in poflef-lands equi-(Ion of such estate, his and her tutor or tutors, curator or curators, valent to those shall be bound and obliged in every succeeding year, to pay afol<*

sum at lead eaual to three pounds per centum of the sum contributed, until a turn shall be accumulated equal thereto, in manner and subject to the penalties herein directed in the case of a charge on such estates $ which yearly payments shall be continued and may be recovered as aforesaid, until a sum equal to such contribution shall be accumulated, when tjhe same shall be laid out in the purchase of fends as near to the said entailed estate as may be, which shall be limited to the same series of heirs, and in the same manner as such entailed estate is limited, and fuibjeft to all the conditions of the entail of such estate.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Heirs of en-lawful for such heir of entail, with the consent of the said com-tail irtissioners and trustees, from time to time, to feu or to grant in whfchto* lease for such duration, and renewable upon such terms as may build inns and be agreed on, such land as may be necessary for the erection of offices j

an inn and offices near to any such road, to any person who shall contract, within a limited time, to erect such inn, and (hah find.proper security for the execution of a contract, to be made for that purposej and it shall also be lawful for any such heir of en- and also for tail, with consent aforesaid, to feu or grant in lease as aforesaid the erecting sufficient ground for the encouraging the erecting villages, with of villages, an allotment of land to each house, not exceeding one-fourth part of a Scotch acre, which shall be therein erected, which villages shall be situated as near as may be to such roads, or any of them: provided always, that in the contract made for every such feu or lease, a feu duty or rent shall be reserved at lead equal to the highest rent which shall have been paid for the ground so feued or leased, within three years previous to the date of such feu, contract, or lease.

XXII. And be it enacted, That a committee not exceeding CoTyi!?jjttfe five persons, shall be annually chosen by the several persons con- to brchofeii triburing to each road and bridge, to act with the said commis- toast with the sioners in carrying this act into execution, for which purpose commission-each of such contributors, to the extent of ten pounds and up-ers-wards, -shall once in every year, videlicet^ on the fifteenth day of

Jfril, send to the clerk of the commissioners of supply in each

county

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. a 80. [1803.

county or stewartry in which any road is to be or shall be made, or any bridge is to be or shall be eredfced pursuant tp this act, a, lift, signed by him, of perfogs not exceeding five in number* whom such person chposes to appoint a committee for the enfu- tng year; and the clerk of supply of such, county or stewartry shall, upon the day in which the'of of supply' shall annually assemble to assess the land-tax, notify to such coounfc fiqners of supply so assembled, the five persons who have the greareft number of votes according to such signed lifts, and shall transmit a list, containing the names of the persons so cKo^n* to the of appointed by this act; and all the powers and authorities given by this act to the said trustees shall and may be exercised by the said committee.

Ktttnber of the

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any three or more and commit-8^of, at any ^meeting assembled for the pjur-

tce necessary poses of this act* and the concurrence of a majority of the afore-toadh said committee of trustees, signed in writing, shall be sufficient;

and any three of the said of acting pursuant to a xc^ solution of such meeting, and a majority of such committee* afe hereby empowered to do and perform all matters and things directed or required to be done or performed by the said commissioners and trustees in pursuance of this act.

Committees

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if arty such how to be np-roa(j pass through two or more counties, the committee ^"road'/hall aPP0mted by the trustees in each county (half be the comftiittee jxifg through for so much of the road as shall pass through fycb county; and two or more where any such bridge shall be. firuated partly in one county and counties, &c. partly in another, the committees severally appointed in each county for such bridge shall be the committee of the same; artd a majority of each such committee are hereby required 2nd eoM powered to act for each and every matter or thing directed to be done by trtiftees under this act relative to such roadpr bridge.

XXV. Provid.ed always, and be it enacted, That a committee of trustees once chosen in tire manner herein directed, shall con^ a^on failure0 f*nue an^ have Pwer 10 act beyond the year for which they of new ap- shall be so chosen, if the said trustees shall fail to appoint a corn-point nunts. mittee in any year; and if the number of anjr such Committed shall diminish below the number of three, or if the said trustees shall fail to appoint any committee whatever, in the manner herein directed* then and in such case, the concurrence of the five largest contributors, or any three of them, shall be sufficient to direct or perform any act, master, Or thing, to be done by virtue of this act, for which power is given to the said trustees $ and if there shall be two or more such persons who have contributed an equal sum, the person or persons first subscribing afe hereby empowered to concur with the said of in carrying this act into execution/

Commission-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said of trs to appoint shall, and any three or more of them are hereby empowered to and allowC* appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers as they them ial'aiies. shall think fit $ and to pay and allow to each and every of fuett

clerks

Committee once choftn to continue to

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 80. 463

clerks and officers, such sum or sums of money as the said commissioners shall think proper, in compensation of their services;

Which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute the trust severally and respectively to be reposed in them, without taking any thing for such their service, other than such falacy or reward as the said of, or any three of them, shall think proper to direct and appoint in that behalf; which sums so to be paid to such clerks or officers, and all other necessary charges in or-about the execution of this act, shall and may be defrayed out of the monies hereby granted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- Commission-sioners shall, on or before the first day of June one thousand eightrs shall by hundred and four, report their proceedings in writing, together report their§ with such obfemtions as they shall think proper, under the proceedings hands and seals of them, or any three of them, to the King's most to the King, excellent majesty, and to both houses of parliament. tadr° b?th

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit ^ment. paf- shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing limitation of done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, until ten days notice a$ions. thereof in writing shall have been given to the said of, nor after a sufficient satisfaction, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fad committed; and every such action to be had in England shall be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and shall be laid in the county of Middlesex, and not eKewhere; and the defendant or defendants in General issue* such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special'matter in evidence at any trial to be /

had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without ten days notice thereof, or, shall be brought in any other county or place, or afters sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then theiury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non* suited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or 'actions, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall Treble costs* have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases of law; and every such action to be had in Scotland shall be brought before the court of session in Scotland, and the defender or defenders' in such suit or action shall and may deny the libel, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear so to be done or if such action and suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without ten days notice thereof, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the defender or defenders shall be aflbilzied;

or

464 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81.

or if the action shall be found to be irrelevant or be dismissed, or the pursuer shall not prosecute the action, the same to fall asleep, or if judgement shall be given pursuer or pursuers, the defender or defenders shall ha' costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fanri defender or defenders hath or h?Ve for costs of suit in a cases of law*

CAP. LXXXI.

yfn act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve months ratification of the definitive treaty of peace, certain additi of excise in Great Britain.

[July 5, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

W!

'E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subj commons of the united kingdom of Great Br Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the defray the expences of the just and necessary war in wh Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resplvcd to grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore ( blybeseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the a There flialtbe consentof thelords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ! paid the addi- sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fa tional duties there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to a scheduleA1's Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the

amfthe draw- good?> wares, merchandize, and commodities mentioned backs in sche- (cribed in the schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, th dule B. fhati sums of money and additional duties of excise as they ar be allowed} tively inserted, described, and set forth in the said sched from July jT an<^ a^Gve duties that have been paid or that shall h 1803, where or may be granted, laid, or imposed by any act or acts0 date is in- present session of parliament for consolidating and simplif;

Jetted.

is

JDuties to be tinder the management

duties of excise, and that there shall be made, allow paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, merchandize, a" modifies for or in respect whereof any duty of excise aft imposed, to the several persons entitled to the fl several drawbacks of excise as the same are also respectiv ferted, described, and set forth in the schedule marked unto annexed; and the same shall commence and tal from the respective days mentioned in the said schedules act respectively, in cases where special dates are inserted, cases where no date is inserted, from the fifth day of jt thousand eight hunched and three.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties, aft imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain

o( the respect England, shall be under the management of the com<ni(fio live commit* excise in England^for the time being j and such thereof

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Si. 465

arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the sioners Of management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland^ for theexcils* time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several futtis ot.Duties and money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said drawbacks schedule hereunto annexed, marked A. as the duties of exc*c» bHevicd

and the drawbacks set forth in the said schedule niarked B. upon as former the several goods, wares, merchandize, or commoditfes men- duties, &c. tioned therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or eithef of the geherpl or special means, ways, or methods by which the former duties and drawbacks of excise respectively upon goods., wares, merchandize, or commodities of the same forts or kinds respectively were Or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the

!roods, wares, merchandize, or commodities so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of or chargeable with duties of excise, or so entitled to drawbacks of excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedules hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrid-tionsj dnd forfeitures to which goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act respecting the duties of excise; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, rot any offence Whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of excise, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, apd the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, -shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties and drawbacks of excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the duties "by this act Duties shall imposed, for or in respect of wort or wadi for making spirits for bjj payable on home consumption, foall take effect and be payable and paid for ^fhfoVmak* all wort or walh for making spirits/s aforesaid, which shall not ing spirits for be or shall riot have been aftuially distilled into spirits before the home con-fifth day of Jttly one thousand eight hundred and three; and iumption, not that the duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of foreign brandy, rum, spirits, aqua vitae; or strong waters, shall take effect fasign bran-and be payable and paid for all foreign brandy, rum, spirits, aqua dy, &c. for vitae, and ftrohg waters, for which the whole of the duties which the for-charged or chargeable thereon by any act or acts of parliament SJSlve shall riot h^ve been paid before the fifteenth day of June one ^een paid \Xm thousand eight hundred and three. fore June 15,

Vol. XLIV. H h V. And

How additional duties on foreign wine in flock shall be estimated, and how paid.

466 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. [i Duties aijd V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where ^pToTOrtion- are 'mP°^» or drawbacks allowed by this act, On any fp ate to the acquantity of goods, wares, merchandize, or commoditie tual quantity, same shall, in every case, be understood and deemed and to apply in the same proportion, and after the same rate, ^greater or less -quantity than such specifick quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, In estimating the tional duties hereby imposed on foreign wine, as being upon the first actual survey by the prdper officer of excite the twelfth day of June one thousand eight hundred and in the stock, custody, or possession of any dealer or deal or seller or sellers of foreign wine in bottles, five reputed bottles shall be reckoned to the galion, and two hundr fifty-two of such gallons to the tun; and the said addi duties payable on foreign wine, as being in the (lock, c or possession of such dealer or dealers in, or feller or fell foreign wine as aforesaid, shall be paid by such dealer or d^or feller or feliers, in manner following; (that is to say]G fourth part thereof on the fifth day of January one thousand hundred and four; ' one other fourth part thereof on the day of July one thousand eight hundred and four; one fourth part thereof on the fifth day of January one th eight hundred and five, and the remaining fourth part on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and fi

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thr thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed tend, to charge with any duty by virtue of this act, any fr wine in the stock, custody, or possession of any dealer or d

which the ad- in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine, for which the addi d.it\onal duty dutytw this act imposed shall have been paid on impo thereof, nor any foreign wine in the stock, custody, or ph. of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign unless such dealer or dealers, or feller or feliers, shall ha his, her, or their stock, custody or possession, on such cet^a certain ^urvey as aforesaid acter the said twelfth day of June one tho quantity. eight hundred and three, a quantity or quantities of such fr wine exceeding two hundred and fifty-two galions, rec* five reputed quart bottles to a galion, for all such wine as be in bottles.

Prize wine,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all wine tak condemned as prize, and sold by the captors or their houses for " and taken out of any warehouse wherein the same shall shall have been secured for consumption in this kingdom, ' be subject and liable to the additional duties respectively by* act imposed for or in respect of wine imported; and such tional duties shall be paid and payable by such persons, a such manner, as the duties on such wines are now payable.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That for any sort of shipped under the rules, regulations, and restrictions prefc cion wine ^7 Iavv for the use of admirals, captains, or other comrai^ ftip "for1 naval °cers> employed in his Majesty's service, for their achial oiiitus. fumptioa oil board such of his Majesty's ships as they (hat

.. ff

Act not to charge with any duty foreign wine in stock for

shall have been paid on importation, nor any stock found on fur

home con-fuinption, shall be tub? jedt to the additional duties.

A drawback of the duties shall be allowed on wine

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81I 467

spectively serve in, a drawback shall be allowed and paid of the whole duties by this aftimposed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all maltsters or makers Maltsters, of malt, fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers, inn-keepers, victuallers, and vinegar makers, and all and every accoiStto other person or persons whatsoever, who, in trust for them, or the officer of any or either of them, or for the use, benefit, or account of them, excise of malt or any or either of them* shall have in his, her, or their custody

or possession, or in his, her, or their houses, outhouses, barns, juiy 5>

granaries, or in any other place or places whatsoever, upon the on penalty of

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, any*op/., &c.;

parcel or quantity of malt whatsoever, shall, on that dav, or andrthf dutiea r ...^I.*_ r ii'on such malt

within ten days next ensuing, give a true and particular account shall^pajd

thereof in writing, at the office of, excise within the limits of at certain pe-which he, she, or they shall then respectively inhabit, upon pain riods, on of forfeiting the sum of one hundred pounds for every neglect P^" therein; and the malt of which no such account as aforesaid amount. C shall be given, may and shall be seised by any officer or officers of excise; and the duties by this a£ imposed on malt fiock in hand, shall be payable and paid in manner following; (that is to say), one eighth part thereof on the twenty-fourth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, and one-fourth part thereof on the fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three, one-fourth part thereof on the sixteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and the remaining three-eighth parts thereof on the third day of March one thousand eight hundred and four; and all such maltsters or makers of malt, fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers, innkeepers, victuallers, and vinegar makers, who shall refuse to make such payments, or any or either of them, for his, her, or their stock of malt, at such time or times respectively, shall forfeit double the amount of all the duties charged or chargeable for or ip respect of such stock of malt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of officers of excise respectively to take a true and particular account excise may and adm^afurement of all such malt as any maltsters or makers

of malt, fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers, innkeepers, £c t* taj£ an victuallers, or vinegar makers* or any person or persons in trust account of or for the use, benefit, or account of them, or any or either of malt in stock them, shall, on the said fifth day of July one thousand eight 5*'

hundred and three, have or be possessed of, or interested in; and 1 °3# for that purpose, to enter into any dwelling house, outhouse, barn, granary, or other place whatsoever belonging to every and any such maltster or maker of malt, feller or retailer of malt* brewef, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, and vinegar maker, and each of them, and every such person is hereby required to permit and suffer such officer or officers, on the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, or afterwards, at any time before the duty upon such malt shall be paid, at his or their request, to enter and take such account and admeasurement, thereof as aforesaid, and for that purpose, to cast such

HHi

malt

46B Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8l.

[1 $03*

malt into a regular form, for the better ascertainiftg the quantity Penalty for thereof; and if they, or any or either of them, shall refuse to nffi ^U£ing permit or suffer any officer or officers of excise so to do, or if take^ock or ar»y person or persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder for molesting any officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of fud* them in the powers hereby given, he, (he, dr they, shall respectively forfeit execution of one hundred pounds for every such offence; and if any makfter fordandtf- or ma^er of malt, feller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, tinely remov- innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, or any other person or iag malt, See. persons having in h^s, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity of malt chargeable by this act with the said duty or duties, or any part thereof, for (lock as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the same, or any part thereof, before the duties v thereupon shall be charged, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide,

' or cause or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the inspection of the officer of excise or gaugers such malt, apd C*rery part thereof, that then and in every such case, every person so offending, for every such offence, shall forfeit the (um of one hundred pounds, and the malt which shall be so dandeftinqly removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seised by any officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons in whose custody or pofief-(ion such malt (fedl be found, who (I>all not, before the discovery thereof, give notice at the next office of excise of the quantinr of malt so in his, her, or their custody or possession, shall alto forfeit th^sum of forty shillings for every bushel of such malti

XII. And whereas by an act passed in the last session of parliament, it was enacted, that all beer or ale above the price of sixteen shillings the barrel, (exclusive of the duties), should be denominated and deemed to be strong beer or ale, and all beer of the price of sixteen shillings the barrel or under, (exclusive of the duty), should be denominated and deemed to be table beer within the meaning of the said act, and all other acts relating to beer or ale: and whereas it is expedient, during the continuance of this act, to permit brewers of table beer to increase Beer or ale the price thereof \ be it therefore enacted, That, during the coa-S°Vei fer tinuance of this act, all beer and ale above the price of eighteen fiveof dutylT toillmgs the barrel, (exclusive of the duties), stall be denomi-shall be deem- nated, deemed, and taken to be strong beer or ale; and all beer ed strong, and of the price of eighteen shillings the barrel, or under (exclusive at duties), shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be table

beer.*C beer withik the meaning of the said act of the last session of parliament, and this act, and of all other acts of parliament in

force relating to beer or ale; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Thedutieson.XIII. And be it further enacted, That, for and in relped of to\rel?mdeCl tea l^at &a^ e*P?rted ^vom Great Britain to Irehmdj the shall be paid fell duties chargeable and payable on the importation thereof to the Eait into Ireland, shall be paid to the united company of merchants

India com- of England trading to the East Indies, and by the said company

to^commissioners of excise, to be by them paid into the

receipt

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. 469

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all excise, to be Other duties, and shall be placed to the credit of Ireland, as di- exchequ^to reeled by an act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of t£e crediTof the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the unton of Ireland. Great Britain and Ireland.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such The present and the like bonds shall be taken for the due exportation of such

tea, and the like certificates for the due landing thereof, as are ^a[i now by law required. taken, &c.

XV. And whereas contra fts or agreements may have been made for the sale or delivery of certain articles or commodities on which

additional duties of customs or excise are or may be granted by this act, or by any other act of the present session of parliament, which contra fts or agreements have no reference to such additional duties, and thereby the several contra ft ors may be materially affected: for remedy thereof be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons who The amount shall or may have made or entered into any such contrafts or addi-agreements, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised ^aTbe added and empowered, in the case of any such contrafts or agreements, to article* to add so much money as will be equivalent to the said additional contrafted duties respectively to the price of such articles or commodities, for* and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the lame accordingly*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Penalty for Ions whatsoever, shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose, or im-°hftruaing pede any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of the ^afe* ^ot powers and authorities by this act granted, or any or either of otherwise pro-them, except in such cases for which other penalties are by this vided for. aft provided, every person so offending, shall forfeit and krfe

the sum of two hundred bounds* '

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties. Recovery and and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be hied for, recovered, application levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any* fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied,

or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action or debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at ffeJlminfer, or*in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, o* sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That^fl the monies arising Duties tovbe by" the said duties, (the necessary charges of raising and account- Exchequer, ing for the same excepred), shall from time to time be paid into and kept fepa-the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly ants apart from rate, and stall all other branches of the publick revenues* and that there shall*fPPlicda|. be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said re- JJ1*the com^ ceipt of exchequer, m book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the said receipt as^aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all'other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors.

47° Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. [1803.

cessors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies (5 paid into the said receipt shall, from time to time, as the fanve shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to facsex services as shall then have been voted by the commons of th*T united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and three, or shall be voted by the said coaunon| for the service of any subsequent year; and the of <if his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any throe.or more of them, or the higb-treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorised and empowered, to issue and A apply the same accordingly,

altered or re-

XIX. And be it enacted, That this a<$, or any of the provU pealed this " fions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or session. acts to be passed in this session of parliament.

Continuance

XX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall dontinue of aft, in force until twelve months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE A.

MALT. duty.

£. s. d.

For every bushel of malt which, from and after the

5th day of July 1803, shall be made in that part of Great Britain called England, from barley or any other corn or grain - - - -020

For every bushel of malt which, from and after the 5th day of July 1803, shall be made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from barley or any other corn or grain, except beer or bigg -r o 2 0

For every bushel of malt which, from and after the 5th day of July 1803, shall be made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from beer or bigg only, without any mixture of barley, or any other corn or grain therewith - - -014

For every bushel of malt, which shall be brought from Scotland, into that part of Great Britain called England, without a certificate from the proper officer, that it hath paid the full duty of two shillingsi hereby imposed on every bushel of malt made in England, to be paid down in ready pioney, by the person bringing the same, upon entry with the proper officer, for the duties on pialt, at the port into which such malt shall be

brought.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. 471.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Malt, continued. £. s. d.

brought, before the landing thereof, in case the lame be brought by sea, "or with the proper officer of the said duties, in the towns of Berwick or Carlisle, in case the same be brought by land -008 For every bushel of malt, whether ground or unground, made of barley, or of any other corn or grain, belonging to any maltster or maker of malt, feller or retailer of malt, b: ewer, distiller, innkeeper, vi£tualler, or vinegar maker, which shall be either in his custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any other person or persons whatever, in trust for him, her, or them, or

for his, her, or their use, benefit or account, in '

Great Britain, on the 5th day of July 1803 -020

WINE.

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid, before the 13th day of June 1803, or which on the 12th day of June 1803, shall be remaining in any warehouse, store-house, vault, or cellar, under the locks of the officers'of the customs or excise - - - 18 Q o

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) imported into Great Britain, for which all the dutiejthat shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before the 13th day of June 1803, or which on the 12th day of June 1803, shall be remaining in any warehouse, storehouse, vault, or cellar, under the locks of the officers of the customs or excise, or in any warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be lodged or deposited under and by virtue of an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, " An act to permit Portugal wine to be landed and ware-housed without payment of duties under certain restrictions for a limited time " - - -1200

For every tun of French wine which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excise after the 12th day of June 1803, in the stock, custody, or possession of any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine - 18 O O For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excise after (he nth day of June 1803, in thf stock, custody,

or

47*

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Si. £i 8oj

SCHEDULE A* continued. duty.

Witte, continued, £m u

or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine - -- i % p,

SWEETS.

For every barrel of liquor which, from and after the 5th day of July 1803, shall be made in Great Britain for sale by infusion, fermentation, or -otherwise, from fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or mate-, rials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or dirtinguithed by the name of Made Wines - - --0 7

SPIRITS.

For every gallon of wort or wash brewed or made for extracting spirits in England for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, qr tilts, or any mixture with the same - - - 0 0

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other walh or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any fort or kind of British materials except such as are before mentioned, or any mixture there-with, for extracting spirits forborne consumption o O' £ For every gallon of wort or wash brewed or ma<Je as aforesaid from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption - 008

For every gallon of wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from any foreign materials except melasses and sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption - - o o if

For every one hundred and twenty gallons Of wash, which sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of them possessed of the distillery and premises in which George Bishop deceased, carried on the manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, at Maidstone, in the county o£Kent, shall produce, on or before the <th day of July 1804, from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds avoirdupois - - q 15 q

For every gallon of wash, in the possession of the said fir Willfom Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of -them, at any time, when thirty gallons of any walh, so in their possession, taken and distilled by the officer of excise, according to the directions,

l So3«] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8l. 473'

SCHEDULE A. continued.

DUTY,

spirits, continued.

and under the authority of an act made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of hU present Majesty, shall be found to produce more than two gallons and one-eighth of a gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in iix under hydrometer proof - o O 6 For- every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacitySof each and every stili, including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the (team can ascend, and until the top of the head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

- For the making or diddling of low wines or spirits, /or consumption in Scotland, from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor, made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except the highland district, particularly specified and described in the acts in that case made and provided, the annual sum of - 54 o o

- For the making or dialling of low wines

or spirits for consumption in Scotland from me-lasses or fug&r, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of - 335 o 9

- For the making or distilling of low wines

or spirits for consumption in Scotland from # foreign refused wines or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, except melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual sum of - - 380 Q O

And for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing in any part or place in Scotland, of any kind of spirits or strong waters for consumption in Scotland, the annual sum of - - - 54 O 9

For every galion, English wine measure, of spirits 1 of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in any part or place in Scotland for consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to >be distilled according to the annual rates"herein after > mentioned, by or from each (till, to be paid aver

and

474 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. [1803.

and above the aforesaid duty on the content of the still, and the herein after mentioned duty on the worts or waft from which such spirits may 7 be or may have been made, or distilled, the sum of 0 0 3 For every galion, Englift wine measure, of all worts or waft brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except fh the highland district aforesaid, for extracting spirits forconfump-tion in Scotland from any malt, corn, grain, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other worts, waft, or liquor, made or brewed from any sort of British»materials, or any mixture therewith - - o 0 I]

For every galion, Englift wine measure, of all Worts or waft brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, for extracting spirits for consumption in Scotland from melasses or ftgar, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refused wines or foreign cyder, or waft prepared from foreign materials, or any mixture therewith - -001

For every galion, Englift wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connested, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend, and until the top of the head shall turn downwards and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be used and employed in distilling and drawing off spirits in the highland district aforesaid, for consumption in the said highland district only from the barley, beer, or big, of the growth of the several and respective counties, parts of counties, and places within the said highland dist rift, the cubical content or capacity of such still not being less than thirty nor more than forty galions, the annual sum of - -350

For every galion, Englift wine measure, exceeding forty gallons of the cubical content or capacity of each and every such still which stall be so used and employed by, or stall be in the possession of such licenced person within the highland district aforesaid, of larger dimensions than aforesaid, the surplus not being more than three gallons over and above the said forty galions, the annual sum of - - - t - 4 0

For and upon all spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which stall be distilled in Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, exceeding

SCHEDULE A. continued1

DUTY.

Spirits, continued.

the

-N*

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81.

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Spirits, continued. £. j. d.

the several and respective quantities herein after mentioned, over and above all other duties whatsoever, the several sums herein after mentioned;

(that is to say),

- For every gallon of such surplus spirits

distilled from malt, corn, or any British materials, exceeding the annual rate of two thousand and twenty-five gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the still when the before mentioned annual duty of fifty-four pounds shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in the lowlands of Scotland, or exceeding the annual rate of fifty-two gallons of the strengrh aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the still when the before mentioned annual duty of three pounds five shillings, or of four pounds fifteen shillings respectively, shall be paid for every gallon of such content in the highland district aforesaid, the sum of - 016

- For every gallon of such surplus spirits,

distilled from melasses or sugar, exceeding the -annual rate of four thousand and fifty gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallonof the content of the sum when- the before mentioned annual duty of three hundred and thirty-five pounds shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in any part or place of Scotland, the sum of - o 2 Ai

- And for every gallon of such surplus

spirits, distilled from other foreign materials than melasses or sugar, exceeding the annual rate of three thousand six hundred and forty-five gallons of the strength aforesaid, for each gallon of the content of the still when the before mentioned annual duty of three hundred and eighty pounds shall be paid, for every gallon of such content in any part or place in Scotland, the sum of - -.-^- -04 I05

For every gallon of spirits deficient, if the quantity of spirits, computed at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be produced to the proper officer or officers of excise by any distiller in Scotland, and be actually charged with the before mentioned duty of three-pence for every galion, shall be found to falL short of the quantity which ought to have been produced according to the before mentioned annual rates, the sum of - 003

For every deficiency, of spirit* in every case where

475

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii IEL c. 8i» [1803.

SCHEDULE A.continued. duty.;

Spirits, continued. £. s. d> \

the spirits extracted by any distiller in Scotland, and produced to the proper officer of excite, and actually charged with the duty of three-pence for every galion, shall fall (host of the respective pro-, portions herein after mentioned, the several sums herein after mentioned; (that is to say)

- If the spirits in which the deficiency

shall be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from malt, corn, or British materials, or any mixture therewith, and if any distiller in the lowlands of Scotland shall not produce to the proper officer at least eleven gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, for every one hundred gallons of wash prepared from the said materials, and found in the custody of such distiller; or if any distiller in the highland district of Scotland shall not produce to the officer at least fix gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid for every one hundred gallons of wafti prepared from barley, beer, or bigg of the growth of the said highlands, or any % mixture therewith, and found in the custody of such distiller, for every gallon deficient, the fust of - - o 0

- If the spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered shall have be^ft made or distilled from melasses or sugar or any mixture therewith, and any distiller in any part or place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper officer at lead: twenty, two gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid for every one hundred gallons of waft prepared from the said materials, and found in the custody of such distiller, for every gallon de* ficient - 0 t

- Or if the spirits in which the deficiency shall be discovered shall have been distilled from any dther foreign materials or any mixture there^ j

with, and any distiller in any part or place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper officer at least twenty gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid, for every one hundred gallons of waih prepared from the said materials, and found in j

the custody of such distiller, for every gallon deficient - Oif

For every galion, English wine measure, of spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one 4

to ten over hydrometer proof, and so in proportion for any higher degree of strength made or distilled

C zrogle

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8u 477

SCHEDULE A. continued. duty.

Spirits, continued. £. u

distilled in England, and imparted or brought, from thence into Scotland - - -020

For every gallon of British spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into England* - - - -02 5

For every gallon of all such spirits as last aforesaid Of a greater strength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, two shillings and five-pence, and also a further duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof - - 0 2 5'

For every gallon of Angle ram, spirits, or aqua vitae ani, iiaKhtrt0t of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, imported into Great Britain - t o 3 5£

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitae, above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America, imported into Great Britain - - - -068

For every gallon of single £um, spirits, or aqua vitae imported by the united of merchants of England trading to the East Indies - - - 0 3 9

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vi/ae, above proof, imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies - o 7 3 For every gallon of single brandy, spirits, aqua vitae, or strong waters, of any fort or kind, other than such rum, spirits, or aqua vitae, as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not beinglrifli spirits, imported directty from Ireland - -.- o 4 2*

For every gallon of brandy, spirits, aqua vitae, or strong waters, above proof, other than such brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vitae, as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being IriQi/pints, imported directly from Ireland - 0 8 aj,

TEA.

For and upon all tea, which, from and after the twelfth day of June 1803, shall have ^een shall be sold in Great Britain, by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to be computed upon the gross prices 1 at which such tea mall be sold, and to be paid by the purchaser or puchasers of such tea, to the said united company, and by the said united

jcompanjr,

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8l.

SCHEDULE A# continued.

Tea continued.

company, to the of of excite for the time being - 45

BEER, ALE, OR MUM.

For every barrel, confiding of thirty-six gallons English beer measure, of Irith beer, ale, or mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - - - o

SWEETS.

For every barrel of sweets, or made wines of Irish f manufacture, which shall be imported directly from Ireland into Great Britain > - O

IRISH SPIRITS,

For every gallon of spirits, aqua vitae, or strong waters, distilled or made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a strength not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof - - O

For and upon all such spirits, last above mentioned, above the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, a duty in proportion to the last mentioned duty, and for and upon all such of the said spirits x as shall be sweetened or compounded, a like duty, computed upon the highest degree of strength at which such spirits can be made.

SCHEDULE B.

DRAWBACKS.

For every barrel of strong beer or ale, brewed or made in Great Britain, above eighteen IbiJlings the barrel, exclusive of the duty, and not being twc-jienny ale, mentioned and describe^ in the seventh article of the treaty of union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to foreign parts, as merchandize, and which shall be proved to have been brewed after the 5th day of July.'1803, the sum of - - - % - o

For every tun of foreign wine, which shall be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandize, from or out of the entered flock of any dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers of such wine, the whole of the duties by this act imposed respectively.

For all tea, for or in respect whereof the duty by this act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 479

r

SCHEDULE B. continued.

Drawbacks, continued. £. s. d.

be duly exported as merchandize, directly from the warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged, according to law, upon the importation thereof, to any place on the exportation of tea, to which a drawback of the duty is now allowed by,

law, the whole of the duty by this act imposed.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional military force, for the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

[July 6, 1803.]

WHEREAS is is expedient, for the more effectual defence and security of the united kingdom against the avowed dejtgns of the enemy, and for the vigorous prosecution of the war, that a strong additional force should be forthwith raised and assembled in England; may it therefore please your Majesty that it be enacted; and be it /

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with (he advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty's lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, con- Lieutenants flituted and appointed by virtue, or acting in the execution of the ^eutenants^ several acts of parliament relating to the militia for the counties, Of countie*, ridings, and places, herein after mentioned, and all justices of the &c. to put this peace, shall, respectively^ have full power and authority, and are ad into exe-» hereby authorised, empowered, and required to call together, levy, cution* and enrol such persons, and in such manner as herein after directed, and to do all acts, matters, and things necessary for carrying this act into execution, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as they are respectively authorised, empowered, or required to cahy into execution an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An apt fit amending the laws relating to the militia of England, and for augmenting the militia, Or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the militia of England.

II. And be it further enacted, That the number of private Number of men to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be as foIlpws(that is private men in to say):, For the county of Bedford two hundred and fifty-six; cac coun for the county of Berks four hundred and forty-three; for the county of Bucks four hundred and thirty-five; for the county of Cambridge three hundred and fifty-two; for the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, seven hundred and two; for the Cinque Ports* Two ancients Towns, and their Members, four hundred; for the county of Cornwall five hundred and seventy-five; for the county of Cumberland four hundred and six; for the county of Derby six hundred and fourteen; for the county of Devon} with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one

thou-

-'w:

480. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. {180J.;

thousand two hundred and fijty-seven; for the county of Dotjkty with the town and county of the town of Poole, three hundred

\ end eighty-five; for the county of Durham four hundred nod

seventy eight; for the county of Essex nine hundred and fenety- ( nine; for the county of Gloucester, with the city and couti? of the city of Gloucester* and city and county of the city of Brykaly seven hundred and seventy-six; for the county of Hitijffrd'four hundred and twenty; for the county of Hertford fbur

hundred and one; for the county of Huntingdon one hundred ted nineteen; for the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, exclusive of such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county of Kent, one thousand and tlNoty. fix; for the county of Lancaster two thousand four hundrroftnd twenty-five; for the county of Leicester five hundred and umty-nine; for the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of Ifae city of Lincoln, seven hundred and fifty-six; for the county of Middlesex, exclusive of the tower division commonly The Tower Hamit ts9 two thousand one hundred and fifty^itiae; for the county of Monmouth one hundred and seventy-sevenj.for the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the cilfOf Norwichy nine hundred and twenty-seven; for the county of Northampton six hundred and eight; for the county of NqtmttX-barlandy with the town and county of the town of Newca/lli^nfttn^ Tyney and the town of Berwick - upon-Tweed, six hundred and thirty-five; for the county of Nottingham, } with the town and countyttftfie town of Nottingham, five hundred and.sixty; for the county of Oxford four hundred and twenty-four; for the county of Rutland fifty-four; for the county of Salop seven hundred and ninety-two; for the county of Somerset nine hundred and eighty-three; fat the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the team of Southampton, six hundred and eighty-four; for the ljle of Wight one hundred and four; for the county of Stafford\ with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, nine hundred and eleven; for the county of Suffolk eight hundred and sixty-seven; for the county of Surrey nine hundred and sixty-rthree; fof the cou&tjTof Sussex, exclusive of such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county of Sussex, six hundred and twenty-one; for the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower eight hundred $ for the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry inclusive of Birmingham, seven hundred and thirteen; for the county of Westmorland one hundred and eighty; fot the county of Wilts seven hundred and twenty-seven; for the cOtinty of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of WartffUry five hundred and eighty-eight; for the West Riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, one tb&u-sand nine hundred and eighty-nine; for the North Riding at the said county five hundred and seventy-seven; for the East Riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of jKing-jlcn-upon-Hully four hundred and fifty-two* for the County dt glefey one hundred and nine; for the county of Brecon one hundred and forty-sevenj for the county of Cardigan one hundred Slid

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 481

Jbcty^fe ven; for the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of CarrHatlhtny two hundred and forty-eight; for the county of

Carnarvon one hundred and twenty-eight; for the county of Denbigh two hundred and twenty-six; for the county of Flint one hundred and thirty-five; for the county of Glamorgan two hundred and seventy-five; for the county of Merioneth one hundred'ind twenty-seven; for the county of Montgomery one hundred and sixty-seven; for the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford fVe/l, one hundred and sixty-eight; and for the county of Radnor seventy-four.

III. And be it further enacted, That all provisions, directions, Provisions clauses, matters, and things whatever in this act contained, re- relating lating to counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all ^tendto0 ridings and places required to provide men under this act; and ridings, those all provisions, directions, clauses, matters, and things in this act to hundreds Contained, relating to hundreds, shall extend and be construed to cxt^to

extend to all rapes, lathfcs, wapentakes, and other divisions in or of jj* n*r any such county, riding, city, 6r place; and all provisions, direc- those to pa-tions, clauses, matters, and things in this act contained, relating tQ rifhc* to ex* parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all townships, t^own* tythings, and places, and to all extra-parochial places united mip8'*therewith for the purposes of this act, or of any act relating to the militia, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated, in every such provision, direction, and clause, and with relation to every such matter or thing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a general meeting of lieu- Meeting of tenancy shall be held in each county within ten days after the Jj^{canan(^t passing of this act, or as soon after as may be; and at such gene- number ral meeting the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or such of of men to be them as shall be present at such meeting, shall appoint the num- raised in each ber of men to be raised in pursuance of this act for each hundred ^da^for^ within the county to which they belong, having regard where fi^sub-necessary to the number of yeomanry or volunteer corps enrolled division meet-in any of the said hundreds, and entitled to exemptions under Ings, and issue the provisions of this act, and shall appoint the days for the first ^ft^ble/to*subdivision meetings, and issue orders to the constables to amend ^e, d ufa9 the lifts already returned under the several acts relating to the mi- and affix them litia, as the case shall require, and in/ such manner that the names to the church of all persons liable to be ballotted by virtue of this act to serve<, oor8*in the hrmy to be raised in pursuance thereof, shall be inserted therein, and so as that the names of all persons liable to serve,

SJbo may, have come to reside or actually be in the parish at the me of amending such lifts, may be inserted therein; and that the names of all persons exempted from serving under this act, or who may have left the parish for the purpose of residing in any other parish, before the twenty-second day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, shall be (truck out; and to affix such amended lifts to the doors of the churches of their respective pa-riftles or otherwise, as is directed by the said act of the forty-second year aforesaid, and to give notice in manner therein directed'of the days of appeals (which appeals are hereby directed to be Vol. XLIV. I x heard

48^ Anno f^rri quadragdTmotcrtid Georgii III. c. 82# £18oJ

heard and determined on the days respectively appointed itv tb^ several counties for such first subdivision meetings); and such 66tr» ffibles shall, without any delay, proceed to amend such lifts, a*4 affix the same according to the direction of the said acts, before die Sunday preceding Sbc first subdivision meetings appointed Under this act*

New lifts may V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful btmadc when for the deputy lieutenants of any county, if it shall appear to be ntcefury. absolutely necessary for raising the men under this act, and not otherwise, to order and direS the making new lifts of person* liable to ferVfe, and to give diregions for that purpose, andp- point times for the notices and returns relating thereto; and

theft and in fitch case all the powers, directions, penalties, fines, and forfeitures in the said recited adis contained, relating to the making Of new lifts, shall be applied and put in force for that purpose, according to such directions, as fully as if the same were herein ire-enacted, and such respective times for notices and returns, and other matters and things, were specially herein dht&ed and enacted,

Exemptions.

VI. Provided always, and be it further ertaded* That no person being a commissioned officer in his Majesty's other forces, whether regular or militia, now embodied, or in any one of his Majesty's cattles or forts, nor any officer on half-pay of the army, navy, or marines, nor any non-commissioned officer or private man serving in any of his Majesty's regular or indicia force*, sir any perfoft being a residem member of either of the universities in England^ nor atoy clergyman, nor any licensed teacher of any frparate Congregation in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, and ndt carrying oh any trade, or exercising any other occupation for his livelihood except that of a schoOlmarfter, and who shall bate been fd licensed on or before the eighth day of March one thou food eight hundred and three, nor any constable or other peace officer, not any person being and having been, on or before the twenty* fecdrtd day Of June one thousand eight hundred and throe, an ar* ticled clerk, nor any apprentice being at the passing of this act under the age of twefity-^one years, nor any professioned (eaman or seafaring man, actually earning his livelihood as fitch fearaan or seafaring man, nor any person trained and actually doing duty and muttered in any of his Majesty's docks or dock yards for*thd fetvice thereof, or adluaHy employed and mustered in his Majesty's service, in the tower of London, Woolwich warren, die

several gun Wharfs, or at the several powder mills, powder mo-» gazines, or other storehouses belonging to his Majesty, under tfik direction of the board of ordnance, nor any person being free of the company of watermen of the river Thames, nor any poor man hating more than one child born in lawful Wedlock trader ten years of age. Or infirm, nor any person who has served per* fortally or by substitute in the militia raised by virtue of any ad oi; act relating to the militia, shall be liable to serve personally dr provide a substitute to serve in the army to be raised by virtue of this act, unless by rotation it shall have come to the turn of any

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 483

Aich person id be again ballotted for; but no person who has served in any of his Majesty's regular forces, or as a substitute or Volunteer if* the militia, and hath been discharged from or quitted /

the iHall by such service be exempted from serving in the said atfny so be raised by virtue of this a<$, if he shall be chosen by ballot.

VII. Provided affo, and be it further enacted, That no officer, Further e*-ftOfi^toftnmissioned officer, trumpeter, drummer, or private man, emotions. Who shall have offered himself and been accepted, and who shall have been dtily and actually enrolled on or before the twfcnty-fecorrd day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, in the favourable artillery company of the city of London, or in any yeo<-ittanry or volunteer corps, raised or continued under an act passed In the last session of parliament, the services of which corps shall have been accepted on or before the twenty-second day of June one thousand eight hundred and rhree, and whose services mall, as to all such corps formed in the metropolis, Bristol, Exeter, Liverpool, Chester, Manchester, Hull, Norwich, York, Leeds, Sheffield) and Birmingham, respectively, extend, in cases of adlyal invasion, tft appearance of invasion, to the respective cities and places aforesaid in which tht?y shall have been formed, and their respective vicinities, and as to all other corps, to the military dtf-Wft in Which such corps shall be situate, shall be liable to serve personafty or provide a ftrbftlrute to fetve in the army to be raised by virtue of this act9 as long only as he shall actually continue to belong to and serve in such corps in manner herein after mentioned.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no per- No person in

fOflin any such yeomanry or volunteer corps as aforesaid, shall be yeom*nry exempted from service under this atft, unless he shall have entered corps ex^ his frame in a muster roll of such corps for service on or before empted unless the twenty-second day of June aforesaid, and shall be returned to entered on the the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision in which he shall reside, ^nu^rbgfQrc as so entered by the commanding officer of such corps; and all junTa^ 1S05. commanding officers of such corps are hereby required to return RoUg tQ'be such muster rolls, signed by them respectively, to the clerks of returned to the general meetings of lieutenancy of their respective counties, the clerks of before the day appointed for the first subdivision meetings under the S.eneral this att. y*mcetin^-

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person chosen by No person ballot to serve in the said army, nor any substitute, being of the

Full height of five feet two inches, y/ho shall be otherwise able^bodied and fit for service, shall be deemed unfit for service, or be deemed unfit, liable to be discharged on account of his stature.

X. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants, af- Subdivision.sembled at such first subdivision meetings, (half proceed to hear and determine appeals on such amended lifts; and after amending such appeaTs*, Uplifts on such appeals, shall appoint what number of men shall point what serve for each parish within such subdivision, m proportion' to number of the number appointed to serve for each hundred, and shall cause"en ^all.duplicates of such amended lifts to be sent to the clerks to the pYHffi, °and C general meetings, who shall return abstracts thereof to his Ma- fend dupii-

1X2 jetty's cates 6t

1 484 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8, 2# I1 $93*

amended lifts jesty's privy cquneil, and shall appoint another meeting. tQ^of IhC cle, ks holdenas soon as conveniently may be, and within one w^elc' frp^ ral mef tings* {^c^on W^1C^ meeting was holden within the same fub« who flull re- division, for the purpose of balloting for the men to Jcnre ^nder twrn abstracts this act for the several parishes in such subdivision; and the dgs> councU^shall Puty l*eulenants» Qr any two or more of them, assembled In pur* appoint'meet-i uance of appointment, shall cause the propernuiftbcf p? ingsforbii- men to be chosen by ballot out of the lifts returned tot; every lotting and en- parish, and amended as aforesaid, and shall appoint another nicety const^)!^rfornSt0 k°M.cn as ^oon as conveniently may be, and within gWe notice to teen ^ays>n l^e ^ame subdivision, for the purpose of enrolling the men to ap* the men required ro serve as aforesaid, and shall issue out an pr^T pear, &c. to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective

dreds, to directlie constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, to give notice to every man To ballottqd to appear at such meeting; which notice shall be given or left the place of abode of every such person at least five days before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman, headborough^pr other officer, shall attepd such meeting, and make a return upqq Men to appear oath of the days when such notice was served; and every person uuon notice fQ chosei by ballot shall, upon such notice, appear at such meet* to be enrolled. an(j^enrojje(j ^jn a ron to be t[Jen and there pre-

pared for that purpose), to serve in the army to be raised by virtue of this act, under the regulations herein after mentioned, as

JJotice to the wife, &c. to be deemed good I'ervice; and if any man does not appear in 14 days, he shall be advertised, and subject to the penalties 4brablconding from the militia* '

*A&? omitted to be done at any meeting m.iy be done ar a subsequent meeting; and if

the full num-

a private man.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the delivery of any no* tice of any man being ballotted to serve in the said army to the wife, or any servant, or member of his family, or left at the usual or last place of abode of such person, shall be deemed as good and sufficient service thereof as if he was personally served therewith; and in case any man so ballotted shall neglect to appear for the space of fourteen days after the delivery of fiidi notice, the deputy lieutenants, or any two of them, if it shall ap-l pear to them that such person has left his place of abode for the purpose of evading the provisions of this act, shall and may order such man to be advertised in any newspaper circulating in the county, or any neighbouring counties, as appear to the deputy lieutenants to be expedient, and the* expence thereof shall be defrayed by the receiver-general of such county; and every such person who shall not thereupon appear, and abide the order of the said deputy lieutenants according to the provisions of this acts shall be subject to such and the like pains, punishments, penalties, and forfeitures as are in the said recited act, or any other ad contained in relation to men absconding or deferring from the militia.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect or

mistake of any lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any chief constables, constables, or other officers, or from any other cause, any act or acts, matters or things, hereby required to be done at any such meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed, it shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do

an7

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 485

iany such ad, matter, or thing, to carry the same int*> execution her should not at any subsequent meeting; and all such acts, matters, and things, ^.(^ballot a shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes, be had as if the same had been done at the meeting in this act mentioned for such purpose; and if the full number of men appointed for any subdivision should not be duly enrolled at any meeting appointed for that purpose, the deputy lieutenants at such meeting, or at any subsequent meeting, or any two or more of them, may and they are hereby required, immediately to cause any lifts to be amended, if necessary, and to proceed to a fresh bailot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, as may be expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution; and it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant rtne deputy or justice of the peace to administer the oaths required by this lieutenant or a d to be taken by persons to serve in the said army, to any per- {^minister^ (bn ballotted, or to any person offering as a volunteer under the oaths^and directions of this act, or to any person who shall offer to serve as require the a substitute 5 and such deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace derk of the is hereby authorised to direct and require the clerk of the fubdf-£^j^n viRon for which the person having taken such oath is to serve, to^Ss fwora.-" enrol the name of every such person, together with the day on which the said oath was so administered to him, in the roll of such subdivision.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall apw Suhtjvision

pear to any two or more deputy lieutenants assembled at any maL

subdivision meeting, that any person who is not seised or possess- personJ?oo" ed of any estate in land, goods, or money of the clear value of worth 100l. One hundred pounds, and who shall make oath that he is not and cauie seised or possessed of such estate, who shall have been chosen by 0^.r*to be ballot to serve in the said army, is unable by reason of any infir- c 0 cn' mity, or is otherwise unfit for the service, such deputy lieutenants

shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge fueff '

person, and immediately to amend the lift for the place for which such person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another person to be chosen in his (lead by bailot, according to the directions of this act

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Persons b: I-be lawful for all persons who shall be ballotted to serve in the Lot^ said army, to find and produce substitutes, who being of the same ^"tcs uwho or some adjoining county, and able and fit to serve, and being not to be approved in manner directed by the said act and this act, shall be objected to on enrolled and sworn; and the persons finding such substitutes a£?£unt of shall not be again liable to be ballotted to serve, or to find fulv c"ildrcn* stitutes to serve under this act, unless it shall again come to the turn

of any such person; and no person produced as a substitute shall be rejected by any deputy lieutenants, for or on account of the mim-^r ber of his children, any thing in any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen by Penalty on bailot, according to the directions of this act, to serve irt the said persons chosen army, (not being oiie of the people called fakers)) shall refuse ^o^being

quakei: 6), neglecting to serve or find fubitiluttSj

4^6 Anno regni qu^dragesimo tertio GEOfeQit IIL C 8*.

[1803.

or neglect to appear and take the said path, and.serve in the said army, or to provide a* substitute to be approved as afore fe id, who shall take the said oath, and sign his consent tp serve as t (ttWH*-tute, every such person so refusing or neglecting jfhafl forfeit afel pay the sum of twenty pounds; and whenever any ballot shall take place for the filling up any vacancy, or otherwise in the same parish or place, under the authority of this act, after theexplr*-tion of one year from, the time of such person being fa baftatted as aforesaid, such person shall be liable to be ballotted Main no^Tid^the to ^erve or Prov^8 a substitute under this a ft,; and in default of persons (half payment of any such penalty, or for want of sufficient effqfts be compelled whereon to levy the same, the name of such person, iffti to fervp, to serve. and not being of the people called Quakerj, shall be entered on the roll 5 and such person shall be delivered over to soone proper officer in his Majesty's service, near to such part(h or plfbcp, nd shall be compelled to serve, in like manner as any other person ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared ^nd been duly sworn and enrolled.

XVI. Provided, always, nd*be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for deputy lieutenants to provide, in manner directed by the said recited act, a substitute for any quaker ballotted under this act, and levy such penalty or sum of twenty pounds way levy the aforesaid, by distrfts and sale, in maner directed by the said receited act, on the goods and chattels of the quaker for whom such substitute shall be provided; and the overplus, if any, shall he paid and applied as directed by this act.

The parishes

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all ^lC^lctC ca^es t^ie rfptftive parishes shall complete their quota of men P'r nnn* ordered to be raised under this act, without loss of time} and the lum of ten pounds, being one moiety of the said penalty of twenty pounds on any person for neglecting to appear or provide a substitute, to be approved under this act, shall in all cases be paid to the overfeqrs of the popr. of thp parish in which such default shall have been made, for the purpose of enabling such poor, and the ovtrfeqrs to prptftUa volunteer to supply the deficiency a riling remainder frQin default j and such sum of ten pounds, or uich p'fcrt thereof as may be necessary, shall go and he applied for that purpose, in aid of the rat^spf such parish, and the surplus, if any, shall he carried to the account of the said rates; and further, that fhp remaining sum often pounds* being the other moiety of the said penalty, shaft go and be applied in manner herein after directed with respect to the fines, penalties, and forfeitures* payable or leviable under this act* or any of the said recited acts.

XVIII. And be it further sisted, That nq man shall be approved or unrolled tp serve in the army to be raised. under this act, either as a ballotted man or as a substitute qr volunteer* mrfil he shall have been carefully ex&m'used by fpme surgeon of qpen-ipeteot (kill, and shall have been declared and reported by such surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, nor wasted whb

any

Deputy lieutenants may provide substitutes for quaktrs, and

penalty by .' diilreis.

their quotas without loss of time, and half the penalty of so/. shall be paid to the ovtr-seers of the

applied as

herein after directed.

No man shall be enrolled till examined by a surgeon.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8$. 487

any xJiforder that may tended him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for service; and the deputy Hep^uanfs assembled at their subdivision meetings, or any two deputy lieutenants; foal! in all cases, before they proceed to enrol any map for the said army, cause such examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, and they The attend-are hereby empowered and directed, to require the attendance of ance of certain any surgeon or assistant surgeon of any regiment, battalion, or beTequired by corps of his Majesty's regular or militia forces, or any surgeon or the deputy assistant surgeon or mate in any military hospital, or any surgeon lieutenants, or mate on the staff of the forces, if any such medical officer is within a reasonable distance, andean conveniently be had, e>r otherwise to require the attendance of any other competent surgeon for that purpose; and a reasonable allowance, not exceeding two (hil- Allowance tp lings and sixpence for every man so examined, shall be made to J?e maiie the surgeon performing such examination, and shall be paid in ^trndlwc^ like manner as allowances are by the said recited act of the forty-fecoftd year aforesaid directed to be made^and paid to surgeons employed in examining militia men.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every man who shall mcn

be ballotted under this act to serve in the said army, shall be cn* rolled toCferve rolled tp serve, within the united kingdom of Great Britain and within certain Ireland, and within the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, limits j and for the defence of the same, and not elsewhere, for five years; and jhjdl take the shall take the following oath; that is to say, oath^"5

'T A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful A and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, \ or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the defence of the fame, for the period of five years, unless I shall be fopner discharged.' 1

And every substitute or volunteer enrolled to serve so the said army shall be liable to serve in any part of Great Britain or Ireland* or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney^ and not elsewhere, and shall take the following oath; that is to say,

*T A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will befaith-A ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King Georges and I do sweat that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey^ Jersey, and Alderney, for the defence of the same, for the period of five years, and further until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace with France, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

Substitutes or volunteers shall be liable to serve within certain limits; and shall take the following oath;

And every person enrolled to serve under this act in the said army, and shall he as a substitute or volunteer, shall, before such enrolment, be amined upon oath before the deputy lieutenants as to his fitnefsne^ and ta(ce to serve, and other circjumstances; and the oath to be adminif-antith to$he

tered following effect.

483 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82.

[180$*

tered to him shall be in the worlds or to the effect followings that is to-say,

f /

I A.B. do swear, That I have no rupture, or am I subjaft tt>: X fits, n6r am I disabled by lameness or otherwise, but perfect use of my limbs, and that I am not an apprentice, Of 'm (earn an or seafaring man, and that I do not belong to his Ml* jesty's navy, army* or marines, nor to the militia/

Volunteers may be provided with the content of the inhabitants of any pasith, and a rate established for paying them bounties.

Hates may be levied by dif-trels. r

Appeal may

be made to the quarter sessions.

Persons may provide volunteers, or offer them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parish in England, shall, with the coofent of the inhabitants at a vestry or any other meeting to he holden for that purpose, (for the calling of which vestry. or

ing three days publick notice shall be given, specifying the cause of calling such vestry or meeting), provide and produce to j)ie said deputy lieutenants, or any twp or^more of them, at any sub-division meeting, any volunteer or Volunteers, being men of the same or some adjoining county, who shall be examined arujf approved as in this act mentioned, such volunteer or volunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled, to serve for such term and on the same conditions as if herein-before provided in case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by ballot; and the said deputy lieutenants shall cause only i such number of persons to be chosen by ballot out of the lift returned for such parish as shall be then wanted to make up' the whole number to be raised in such parish; and if any such churchwardens or overseers shall give to such volunteer or volunteers any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the average price fee fixed as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to make a rate upon the inhabitants of such parish according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor, which rate (being approved by any justice of the peace) it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to collect, and to reimburse themselves such sum or sums of moneyas they shall have paid to such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid and the overplus (if any) shall be applied as part of the poors* rates\ and if any person, not being enrolled to serve, or having provided a substitute under this act, shall refuse to pay such rate, it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, upon complaint thereof tnad$ by any such churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under his band and seal, to levy the same by distress and side of the offender's goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if any) after the said rate, and the charges of such distress and sale shall fee paid: provided always, that if any person shall think himself ag* grieved by any such rate as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the next general ot quarter sessions, in like manner as is provided in the case of appeals against rates for the relief of the poor.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for any person or persons to provide volunteers, being iqen of the same or some adjoining county, to serve in the said army, for any

lubdlvifibn

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8l. 489

subdivision within any county in Engldniy and to produce such (elves to serve, volunteers before any deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace and, j*Pj'a< of the same subdivision, at any time previous to the day appointed £e°wollc<£ for choosing the men by ballot in such subdivision in pursuance 6f &c. this act, or for any persons of the same or some adjoining county,

-willing to serve therein, to offer themselves to serve in the said army for any such subdivision, and to appear before any such deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace within such rime and at such place as aforesaid; and every person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said deputy lieutenants, or any justice of the peace as aforesaid, may be enrolled to serve in the said army as a private man, according to the provisions of this act; and such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively, before whom any such volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the clerks of the meetings for the respective subdivisions to enrol the names of all such volunteers, in such manner as they ale required to enrol the names of persons chosen by bailot; and the names of all such volunteers shall be so entered within the respective subdivision* before the time appointed for ballotting the men within the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants Volunteers shall from time to time order all volunteers to be forwarded to ^all j* sent to the place of assembly for their respective counties in England as ai^mbly; and herein after mentioned; and if the number of volunteers en-if those enrolled by virtue of this act in any subdivision, before the time ap- rolled before pointed for taking the ballqj as before directed, shall not amount t^ng the to two third parts of the whole number of men appointed to be amount to raised within such subdivision, the deputy lieutenants shall, at the a certain time and place before appointed, proceed to ballot for such num- number, the ber of men only as shall be then wanted to make up the whole deputy lieu-number to serve for such subdivision, making a fresh appoint-ment of, the number of men to be raised for the respective pa-bailot, and rishes, in such subdivision, according to the number then wanted Hull fend an as aforesaid; and if the number of volunteers who shall have been account of then enrolled shall amount to or exceed such two-third parts, enrolled ^to then the said deputy lieutenants may suspend the balldt appointed the clerk of to be taken for any space of time not exceeding six days, of the general which like notice shall be given as is herein-before directed; meetings, to and they shall forthwith transmit an account of the number of vo- ^fre-

lunteeri so enrolled to the clerk to the general meeting of lieu- tary at tenancy of the county, who shall transmit the same, without and his Ma-delay, to his Majesty's secretary at war; and it shall be lawful jesty majrdi* for his Majesty, on the transmission of such account, to direct a a further suspension of the said ballot for such time as shall be the^liot, at deemed expedient, in order to give a reasonable opportunity to the end of complete the quota of such subdivision by the enrolment of vo- which period lunteers; and in such case it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace acting for such subdivision, beUllotted within the time allowed by his Majesty, in any order transmitted for, &c. for that purpose by his Majesty's secretary at war, to enrol such, number of men as volunteers in the^ foi4 army as shall be wanting to

490 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. fit.

to complete t the quota of men to be mifed for fitch ftUh tifion, in the manner before directed: provided always, that if at the expiration of the time allowed by his Majesty, the whole number of men to be raised for such subdivision shall not have been enrolled, the deputy lieutenants, without further delays Hull proceed to ballot for the number of men then wanted to make up such number, according to the provisions of this act, making a frc£h appointment of the number of men to be raised for each parish or place, according to the numbers then wanted as aforesaid; but if at the end of the time so allowed, the whole number of men to be so raised for such subdivision shall be completed, then the deputy lieutenants shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of the general meeting of the fai<f county, as aforesaid, who shall transmit the same to his Majesty's secretary at war, and in such case no ballot shall take place for inch subdivision.

Half the price

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That half the price of a

ft U^kTwdd vo^untccr °* substitute, to he ascertained and adjudged under this topersons not shall be paid to every person who shall prove on oath that worth 500l. he is not possessed of any estate of the value erf five hundred who shall be pounds, in the manner in the said recited act of the forty-fccood <Dovid^6t"r ^car a^orc^a, <( mentioned, who shall be approved, sworn, and en-Jbbftituies. rolied, or shall provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who shall be approved, sworn, and enrolled as such in the said arm?, to be paid to such person as aforesaid on the expiration of fourteen day? after his or his fubflkute's joining at any place of assembly appointed in pursuance of this act, in the county for which he shall have been enrolled, if not found to be unfit for service and duly discharged within that time.

SubflituUsor

XXIV. And be farther eaaded. That when any person shall

volunteers have received any money for the purpose of serving as a substitiiie crived money or v°lm>teer, either in the way of earned, or io part of payment and not ap-My sum agreed to be given for his becoming such fubtbtnte pearing to be or volunteer, or in aoy other manner as such substitute or vedun-enrolled, stall |Ccr^ a04 fl^all afterwards refuse or neglect to appear to be en-M^apcnalty ro^ an<*10 ^ft as such, it shall be lawful for any two deputy be mpnJ lieutenants, or any two justices of the peace or magistrates, to timed. whom complaint shall be made thereon, to cause any such person

to be brought before them or him by warrant; and if fitch person shall refuse to be enrolled and sworn to serve as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or be tmable to return the sum of money so advanced as aforesaid to the person, or persons for whom be received it, together with the sum of forty shillings, by way of forfeit, such deputy lieutenants or justices may, and they are hereby required to commit such person to ihe common gaol of the county for three months, there to remain without Inal or mainprize,

Sobdrrifion XjfV. And be it further eaaded. That the deputy lirate-ncettngtmay nanu, or any. two or mote of them, one deputy lieutenant to be ©tod m and one justice of the peace, at any fobdivision meeting to be volunteers, a held after passing this «£*, may fix thcavragrourrent price then moiety of paid, or which in their judgement shall bea reasonable sum to be

paid

1803 } Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 491

Paid for a volunteer in the said army; and that in every'case which shall be where any person under the provisions of this act shall claim to p^Qlb^ceerg be entitled to one half of the current price then paid for a volun- to persons eV tcer, such price shall, in all cases rdating to the said army, heaf- titled thereto, certained by the average current price then fixed by the said deputy lieutenants or justices respectively to be paid for volunteers, and not according to the directions contained in the said act of the forjty-second year aforesaid 5 one moiety of which price so to be fixed shall be paid to such person by such churchwardens or overseers of the poor, at such times and in such manner and under such regulations ip all respects, except as to the amount thereof, as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That a bounty of two Two guineas guineas shall be paid by the receiver-general, for and in respect of every man ballotted to serve, who shall appear and be enrolled cJiver-general and sworn personally to serve under this act, as soon as such men for every bal-shall have respectively joined their regiments, battalions, and lotted man corps, to the captain of the respective companies to which such wh?(J^{iierrc man shall, belong, which shall be accounted for by such captain per9 to the men entitled thereto* on the twenty-fourth day of the month succeeding the time of the same being paid by such receiver7general, and such sums shall be allowed in the accounts of such receivers-general respectively. l.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the sum of one andone*gui-guinea shall be paid by the receivers-general to the respective uteoJ commanding officers of companies, in manner directed by the volunteer, said act of the forty-second year aforesaid, for the use of every substitute or volunteer raised under this act, when and so soon as any such substitutes or volunteers shall respectively join and be approved at the places of assembly appointed for that purposej which sums shall be respectively paid, applied, and accounted for, in manner directed by the

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty to appoint the times and places in each county ay app°'»t for the assembling of the men enrolled und$r this act, and also topiacJaT^H* appoint and fend proper officers and non^commissioned officers assembling the to receive such men, notice whereof {half be transmitted by his men enrolled, Majesty's secretary at war to the deputy lieutenants respectively; ^8^efve and where no such officers or non-commissioned officers shall be them, °noticee so sent, the deputy lieutenants shall order the men, when enrolled, whereof shall to repair forthwith to the places of assembly ib appointed, and be transmitted shall cause to be advanced to such men such pay for the purpose -

of subsisting such men during such march, as, is directed in the deputy said act of the forty-second year aforesaid, in relation to the lieutenants; militia when embodied; and all justices of the peace, ma- and when -^istrates, constables, and other officers may, and thety are hereby fh^e^t*"* required to do all other acts, matters, and things in relation to Keutmanu billetting such men, and providingfuftcient carriages for the for- shall order the warding the march of such men, as they are authorised and men to repair ^directed to do with refg^ft \p any of his Majesty's farces.

49^ Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. {iSo^.

His Majesty

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for may cause the h; Majesty to cause the men enrolled under this act to fefve if placed inC aforesaid, to be placed in such of the exiling regiments, baf^ corps ap- talions, or corps, as may be from time to, time appointed to fer^i

pointed to within the united kingdom, or in the islands of Guernsey % Jerfeft

ftrve within an(j Alderney, or to be formed into fpch new regiments, bat-or^be1118' talions, or corps, as his Majesty shall judge necessary, and ifi farmed into such manner as shall be bed adapted to the defence and protecr new corps; tion of the united kingdom; and notree shall be given by his and may ap- Majesty's secretary at war to the respective lieutenants of coun-m command '^s, regiments, battalions, and corps to which

and discipline the men enrolled for their respective counties shall be appointed; them; and the and it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such officers army raised and non-commiilk>ned officers to command and discipline such ffialnLVub'ea reg'ments> battalions, or corps as his Majesty shall think fit; and to the mutiny every fad* officer and every non-commi Atoned officer and drum*-)aws. mer, in any such regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such pri-

vate man, from the time of his enrolment respectively, as well as the whole army to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be subject to all the provisions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties, as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any act of parliament then in force for punishing mutiny and desertions, and for the betted payment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of war made in pursuance thereof; and all theprovw fions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as weB pains of death as others, contained in every such act ?nd articles of'war, shall be in force with respect to the armyto be raised by virtue of this act, and shall extend to all officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private mer* of the same, in aH cases whatsoever.

corU\which

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none

thouen'shall of the regiments, battalions, and corps in which the menjp be be placed fhalKaised under this act, shall be placed or formed as aforesaid, shall, be ordered during the time "that any such men shall remain appointed to or formed in the same as aforesaid, on any account be carried or ordered to go out of the united kingdom of Great Britain artel Ireland and the inlands of Guernsey, Jerfiy9 and Alderney; and none of the said men to he raised by virtue of this act shall be compellable or compelied, on any pretence whatsoever, to serve out of the united kingdom and the islands of Guernsey Jerfq9 and Alderney aforesaid, unless they shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's forces for general service, and shall have been for that purpose previously and duly difehatged from their service in the army to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective lieutenants and deputy lieutenants shall, upon the receipt of any such notice as aforesaid, of the ^egiiftent, battalion, dr corps, ift whfcji franfinit cetr the metvraifod irr their respefctive counties shall be fofmddj fotth-jtificates to the transmit to the officer commanding such regiment, battjiilipn, cffi^xsof The or corPs> or respectively commanding such regiments;

.*/ battalions,

out of certain limits, nor any of the men he compellable to - terve out of them.

The lieute-. nant9 and deputy lieutenants shall

?Ie

l5ogf] Anno itgni qu^dragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 493

battalions, or corps, when more than one, certificates of the men raised,

numbers and names of men belonging to their respective coun- a?d

tics, as well as of the subdivisions and parishes for which they Applied ae-

respectively serve, and all vacancies that shall arise in the said fording to the

army by death or desertion of any men enrolled therein, or in a&sin force

consequence of any such men being reclaimed as deserters from the

his Majesty's other forces, or from the marines or militia, or by England, and

such, men becoming unfit for the service, and being duly dif- the com-

ebarged ^accordingly, shall be filled up and supplied in such and mantling offi-

the like manner, and under such and the like penalties as are

contained in the several acts in force at the time of the passing of transinittothe

this act, in relation to the militia of England, except in so far as clerks of ge-

any such penalties or forfeitures are by this act varied, altered, peral meet-

or increased 5 and the respective commanding officers and adju-, nS8»

rr»r ». /* it.J turns relating

tants of such regiments, battalions, or corps, shall, in order to to vacancjcg

the having such vacancies duly and speedily supplied, from time as directed bjr to time, transmit and cause to be transmitted to the clerks of the said a&i. general meetings, and lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, all such returns and accounts in relation to such vacancies as are directed in the several act$ relating to the militia: provided always, that no vacancy caused by the discharge of any man, as

unfit for service, shall be filled up, except his discharge shall be signed by the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, and certified by two deputy lieutenants of the county to which he shall belong.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the wives and fa- Wives and

milies of the corporals and private men raised and ehrojled to families of serve under this act, shall be entitled to such and the like relief, ^[vates^cndV and under such and the like circumstances as are mentioned in ttad to relief" an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An according to act for consolidating and amending the several laws for providing re- provisions of lief for the families of militia men af England, when called out into 43 Geo. 3. aftt+al service \ and for that purpose all the rules, regulations, and the provisions, powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures in the amount (halt said recited act contained, shall extend and be construed to ex- be repaid tend to the giving such relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to

as if the same were herein re-enacted: provided always, that all officers by the sums of money advanced to the wives and families of any such receiver-ge-men, under any order for that purpose, shall, upon delivery of a neral of the quarterly account of the payment thereof, certified and ngned wunty.

by two justices of the peace of the county in which such relief shall be given, be repaid to the overseer or overseers, or ()arish officers, who shall have advanced the same, by the receiver-general of the county in which such relief shall have been given, out of any publick monies in his* hands, and shall be allowed in the accounts of such receiver-general.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty, from time to time, nd under such bounties, may direct the rules, regulations, and restrictions' as may to his Majesty seem to^iTchare^ most expedient, and as may be declared in general orders, to di- any man wil-rect he colonel or other commanding officer of any regiment, lipg toenliff

battalion, mt0

If any such person shall refuse to en-lift, he shall continue to belong to the corps from whuh dif harmed.

i

Command-anta to transmit to the quarter sessions certificates in the form in the

494 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. f 18631

forces for ge- battalion, or corps, into which any mert ralfed tiftder (hil ij neral fertice, shall fre placed or formed, to discharge any fitch rttCtt so tllfcl c* who shall be willing to enlist in his Majesty's forces fef general

service: provided always, that the parish in whfoh any fiiefi itrtrf fllall have been raised, shall not be compellable or ftimpe&ett ftj fill up any vacancy occasioned by the enlisting of any1 tfiafc any such discharge as aforesaid.:

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That#

any person so discharged for the purpose of being enltsted: yti aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant tofutll declaration so made by him as aforesaid, that then, and m tfitf such case, such person shall continue to belong to the rcgrtRCfttl battalion* or corps from which he shall havd been so diTCft4r$fel for the purpose of enfifting'as aforesaid, notwithstanding any ftcS discharge.' !'1*'

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the rdpeflHVt?t?c#rt* nels or other Commanding officers of the regiment?, batfafions, Or corps of men tailed under this act, shall transmit <0 the jtif» ttCes of the peace or magistrates assertibled at the several gCrttfal quarter sessions of the peace, held for the respectrVe counties, ridings, divisiorrs, or places in England % 2tt the Michadnias qmaftet

ile (A) and the peaCe next after the passing of this act, and aHb td

the justices the justice and magistrates assembled at evefy succeedtftg quartet thereatshall sessions of the peace, certificates in the form in the schfeddte to alfefs 20l. for this act annexed, marked (A.), of the deficiencies and Vacancies tffiedtobe^" ^at r€ftiain so be filled up ltt the*r rrfpcftive regiment^ hat-deficient, and taliorts, dr corps \ and the justices of the peace, ortho magistrates at every fuc- assembled at such sessions, shall at such sessions affect fhO penalty ceeding fcf- of twenty pounds for each private man so certified to be t&dk&ftt a$efcafarther9 af0refa*d> in manner directed by the said recited act; and ff at penalty of the general quarter sessions of the peace, immediately fdcce&dtttg ao/. tin defi- the quarter sessions of the peace at which any such afleffrtiOnt (fell fi5Tcics* have been made, any deficiency or deficiencies, in respect whrtwf any such assessment shall have been made, shall not havfc been made good, and filled up according to the provisions of the fold aft and of this act, the justices or magistrates assembled at fbefi fttcceeding general quarter sessions fhafi forthwith assess and levy, in like manner as aforesaid, a further and additional penalty of twenty pounds for every private man so deficient, and shall from time to time, at every succeeding general quarter sessions of the peace, proceed to assess and levy further and additional penalties, aforesaid of twenty pounds for each private mart deficient, until such deficiency or deficiencies shall have been filled np; and foohrseveral penalties may and shall be afleffect, levied, and recovered, according to the provisioits of the said recited act, and applied as by this act directed.

Recovejyartd

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, SnaSwr anc* ^ums money Pa^ Byor levied upon the goods or chattels of any person ballotted to serve in the said army, who shall aeg-kft to appear or provide a substitute to be approved as afore&io, over and above such sums of ten pounds as aforesaid, and all fine*,

penalties,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 81. 495

r penalties, and sums of mosey assessed and levied byreason of any r default of any county in not raising any men required by this act; r to be raised by such county) shall be debts tq his Majesty, his r heirs and successors, and may be tetovered as such, or may bfe 3 levied under the powers and provisions of the said recited act and this act, and shall immediately os the payment or levying thereof be transmitted, sent, and paid to the receiver-general of the: county within which the same shall so respectively be paid or,

levied^ and shall forthwith, by such receiver-general, be carried to the account of the paytnafter-general of the army, or trans-tnrtted and paid into the haneb of the said paymaster-general of the arttiy, if required, to be applied in the raising men for the said

rmy, for such county, or for his Majesty Vother forces, as his Majesty shall think fit.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Nothing herein && "otto

contained shall be construed in any manner to impede or delay.-.//«/- r J mgorrxKntO:

the levying of men who ought to be tailed from time to time, to complete the

complete the militia now embodied, or to vary the manner of embodied

proceeding the rein; but that all such levies shall he effected in militia.

like manner as if this act had not been passed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective

clerks of general meetings of lieutenancy shall, from time to meetings to time certify to the admiralty the names and residences of all certify to the; per font claiming to be exempt from being ballotted to serve un* admiralty v t der the provisions of this act, as professional seamen or fehfaring

' as seamen.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the warden of tbt Warden of

cinqite ports, two ancient towns, and their members, and in his the cinque ftbfence his lieutenant or lieutenants, shall within their respectiv* P°rts> .&c' jurisdictiocts put in execution this act, andufeand exercise all the P^ecu^-powers and authorities contained in the (hid act of the forty*

fecund year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other ad

or acts of parliament relating to the raising or embodying men within such jurisdiction as aforesak), and this act, for the purpose of carrying the same into execution, and raising the men to be pr<rvkled*nd raised within their respective jurisdictions; any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.'

XL* And be it further enacted, That the warden of the cinque and to transports, er his lieutenant or lieutenants, shall, as soon after thetoit to the passing of this act as accurate and correct lifts can be made out thlTnumbero# Of the men liable to be ballotted to serve for the said cinque ports, tnen liable to two atfccient towns, and their members, in the army to be raised serve, who under this act, transmit to his Majesty's privy council the num* ber of men liable to serve under this act; and in case it shall appeas that the number appointed by this act so to be raised shall exceed the due proportion of men according to the number of men so returned as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's privy council to fix and settle the proper number of men; and in case the fullnumber of men to be raised for the said cinque ports shall have been raised, then and in such case it shall he lawful for

Pfoyifions of this act, and of two alts of the 37th of his Majesty, to be applied for raising the men for the Tower hamlets.

Provisions of laid two alts shall not be necessary.

Clerks to general meetings, &e. to be rewarded for their trouble.

496 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. Si.

[180j

for the said watden, or his lieutenants, to discharge bybali proportionally for such cinque ports, two ancient towns,

respective members thereof* such number of men as may exc- the number (o fixed and settled as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the^clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, matters, and things contained in this act, and in two alls made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising the militia of the Tower hamlets and liberty of the Tower, together with clauses, powers, provisions, and authorities in the said first recited act contained, shall be applied, practised, and put in force in all respects, for raising the men to be raised therein under this act, as fully and effectually as if the said alls and this act were consolidated into one all.

XLII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the provisions of the rt^aledunless^tvv0 rec*ted acts of the thirty-seventh year aforesaid, other by this act than as any new and additional fines, penalties, and powers in this act contained may be applicable and necessary for the raising

the men by this act directed to be raised in the Tower hamlets.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks to the general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to subdivision meetings, and all other officers and persons whatever, entitled under the said recited acts to any remuneration for their pains and labour in executing the provisions of the said acts, who shall execute the like or other provisions of this act, to the satisfaction of the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, shall for such services respectively receive such rewards as are directed by the said acts for such services, and also such further reward for their pains and trouble, in and about the executing this act, as the deputy lieutenants assembled at any meeting held for that purpose, at which not less than five deputy lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under their hands; and such respective rewards shall, on the production of such certificate so signed as aforesaid, to the respective receivers-general, be paid out of any publick monies in their hands, and be allowed in their accounts.

frovisions of

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, to the Cmilitia, ru^es> regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, clauses, mat-as far as ap- ters, and things contained in the aforesaid act of the forty-second plicable, shall year of his Majesty's reign, or in any other act of parliament re-extend to this j^tive to the militia, shall, so far as the same are applicable, and a*are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied and prac-

ticed for the purpose of raising the men directed to be raised by this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, clauses, matters, and things were again repeated and enacted in this act.

XLV. Provided alwa; ys, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

SCHEDULE

Act may be altered or repealed this tffi on.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 82. 497

SCHEDULE (A.)

ADDITIONAL ARMY OF ENGLAND.

County of or, Riding of City or Place [as the case may be],

CERTIFICATE of Number of Vacancies; dated the day of

Subdivisions. Parishes. Total Number of Quota. Numbers of Men actually serving. Vacancies to b? filied up.

END OF PART I. VOL. XLIV.

Vol. XLIV.

K K

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

jinno regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, quadragesimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day e/" November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and, Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; being

the First Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to triable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional military force in Scotland, for the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war.

[July 6, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual defence and security of the united kingdom against the avowed defegns of the enemy, and for the vigorous prosecution of the war, that a/irong additional force should be forthwith raised and assembled in Scotland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty's lieutenants and deputy Lieutenants lieutenants, constituted and appointed by virtue or acting in the and deputy execution of an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign lieutenants of his present Majesty, intituled An act to raise and establish a der 4* Geo?"* militia force in Scotland, for the counties, stewartries, and cities c. 91. shall herein after mentioned; and all justices of the peace shall respect put this act lively have full power and authority, and are hereby authorised, "?to execu* empowered, and required to call together, levy, and enrol such tloa*

Number of private men in each county.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83.

[180.

persons and in such manner as is herein after directed, and do all acts, matters, and things necessary for carrying this into execution, in like manner, and as fully and effectvalty they are respectively authorised, empowered, or required t< carry into execution the said recited act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the number of prival men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be as follows; ft is to say), for the county of Edinburgh two hundred and I for the city of Edinburgh two hundred and thirty-three; for county of Linlithgow seventy; for the county of Haddington Oi hundred and sixteen; for the county of Berwick one hund and sixteen; for the county of Peebles thirty-four; for the coui of Selkirk ninetefcn; for flit Coutity 6f Roxburgh one hundred thirty-four; for the stewartry of Kircudbright one hundred thirteen; for the County of WigtoH eighty-nine; for the coui of Ayr three hundred and twenty-leven; for the county Renfrew three hundred and three; for the coifnty of Lanark hundred and sixty-three; for the county of Stifling dhe htm< and ninety-seven; for the county of Kincross twenty-six; for t! county of Fife three hundred and sixty-three; for the county Dunbarton eighty; for the county of Bute forty-six; For County of Argyk two hundred and ferenty-three; for the a

' of Irruerness two hundred and eighry-eight; for the county Perth four hundred and ninety; for the county of Forfar thre#' hundred and eighty-three; for the county of Kincardine oflf1 hundred and two; for the county of Aberdeen four hundred afflfe eighty; for the county of Banff one hundred and thirty-four Jj for the county of Elgin one hundred and three; for the corun# of Nairn thirty-two; for the county of Cromarty twelve; for th# county of Ross two hundred aitd three; for the county of Sti& therland seventy-five; for the county of Caithness ninety-one; fap the county of Duthfries two hundred and thirteen; and for tMf county of Clackmannan forty-two.

III. And be it further enacted, That a general meetiri£i§-lieutenancy shall be held in each county or stewartly, Witffil*ten days after the passing of this act, or as soon after as may and at such general meeting the lieutenant and deputy li tenants, or such of tl>em as shall be present at such mecti shall appoint Vhc number of then to be raised in pursuance this act, for each parish or other division within such cou

division meet-or stewartry, having regard where necessary to the number

ing8, and issue yeomanry^volunteer corps enrolled in any of the said pari; orders to the 3 r 3, ., r./ ,

schoolmasters, or diviuons, and entitled to exemption under the provisions

&c. to amend this act, and shall appoint the days for the first subdivifi

lifts and affix meetings, and issue orders to schoolmasters or to other offi

chiiTch^doorsn manner drafted by the said recited act, to amend theji £Cur "9already returned under the same, in such manner as that tl

names of all persons liable to serve according to the provisioiif of this act may be ballotted, by virtue of this act, to serve the army to be raised in pursuance thereof, and that the names of all persons exempted from serving under this act, or who may

have

Meeting of lieutenancy shall appoint the number of men to be raised in each parish, and the days for the first sub-

i

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 499

have left the parish for the purpose of residing in any other parish, shall be (truck out, and to affix such amended lifts to the doors of the churches of their respective parishes, or otherwise as is difefled by the said recited act, and to give notice in manner therein directed of the days of appeals, (which appeals are hereby directed to be heard and determined on the days respectively appointed in the several counties and stewartries for such first subdivision meeting); and such schoolmasters, constables, and other officers, shall, without any delay, proceed to amend such lifts, and affix the same according to the directions of the said recited act, before the Sunday preceding the first subdivision meeting appointed under this act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be New lifts lawful for the deputy lieutenants of any county or stewartry! or m*Y be city, if it shall appear to be absolutely necessary for raising the ntcci' men under this act, and not otherwise, to order and direct the making new lifts of persons liable to serve, and to give directions for that purpose, and appoint times for the nonces and returns relating thereto; and then and in such case all the powers, directions, penalties, fines, and forfeitures in the said recited acts contained, relating to the making of new lifts, shall be applied and put in force for that purpose according to such directions, as fully as if the same were herein re-enacted, and such respective times for notices and returns, and other matters and things, were specially herein directed and enacted.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exemptions,

perform being a commissioned officer in his Majesty's other forces, whether regular or militia, now embodied or in any one of his Majesty's castles or forts, nor any officer on the half pay of the 4

army, navy, or marines, nor any non-commissioned officer or

private man serving in any of his Majesty's regular or militia forces, or being a professor in any of the four universities in Scotland, nor any clergyman, nor any licensed teacher of any r frparate congregation, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, and not carrying on any trade, or exercising any other occupation for his livelihood, and who shall have been so licensed on or before the eighth day of March, one thousand eight hundred r stfid three, N nor any parish schroolmaster, constable, or Other pe$ce-officer, nor any person being and having been, on or before the sixteenth day of June, one thousand tight hundred and three, an articled clerk, nor any apprentice being at the passing of this a ct under the age of twenty-one years, nor any

Srofessional seaman or seafaring man actually earning his. live-hood as such seaman or seafaring man, nor any person employed and mustered in any of his Majesty's forts and castles, nor any S xqan who has more than two lawful children under ten years of age, and who is not possessed of any estate in lands, goods, or money, of the clear value of one hundred pounds, and who shall make oath that he is not seised or possessed of such estate, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a substitute, to serve in the army to be raised by virtue of this act, unless by rotation it shall

K ic 2 have

Further exemptions.

300 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83, [i3<

have come to the turn of any such person to be agaiif bait for; but no person who has served in any of his Majl regular forces, or as a substitute or volunteer in the militia* hath been discharged from or quitted the same, shall by M service be exempted from serving in the said army to be raiff virtue of this act, if he shall be chosen by ballot.

Clerk? of ge-

VI. And be it further enacted, That the respective derl neral meet- general meetings of lieutenancy shall from time to time <&i to^the°adhni- to t^le a^miralty the names and residences of all persons clan ralty what to be exempt from being balfotted to serve under the prdvt^ persons claim of this act, as professional seamen or seafaring men. exemptions

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That as eamen. ftcer> non-commissioned officer, trumpeter, drummer, or 'gr$_ man, who shall have offered himself and been accepted, atfq J shall have been duly enrolled, on or before the twenty-fe day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, fnV3 yeomanry or volunteer corps, raised or continued under abj passed in the aft session of parliament, the services of vir| corps shall have been accepted on or before the twenty-feq day of yune one thousand eight hundred and three, and #!| services"shall, as to all such corps formed in Edinburgh Glasgow respectively, extend, in cases of actual invafioii^ appearance of invasion, to these places respectively in which \ shall have been formed, and their respective vicinities; and to all other corps, to the military district in which such shall be situate, shall be liable to serve personally, or praVifj substitute, to serve in the army to be raised by virtue of this i as long only as he shall actually continue to belong to and in such corps, in manner herein-before mentioned.'£Y

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thafc^ person in any such yeomanry or volunteer corps as afbr shall exempted from service under this act, unless he

erupted unless have entered his name in a muster-roll of such corps for ferij entered in the on or before the twenty-second day of June aforesaid, andj muster-roll foe returnec{ to ^e deputy lieutenant of the subdivision in i* Tune'll iTo; re^e as f° entered by the commanding officer of I

Foils to be re- corPs > and all commanding officers of such corps are ho turned to the required to return such mutter rolls, signed by them respectW clerks of the to the clerks of the general meetings of lieutenancy of theif spective counties, before the day appointed for the first fut (ion meeting under this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person cholen^ ballot to serve in the said army to be raised by virtue of this W nor any substitute being of the full height of five feet two indjl who shall be otherwise able bodied and fit for service, shallj deemed unfit for service, or be liable to be discharged on aces of his stature.

X. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieuter meetings shall sflembled at such first subdivision meetings shall proceed lb determine hear and determine appeals on such amended lifts; and after iend dupli- amending such lifts on such appeals, shall cause duplicates of

No person in yeomanry or volunteer corps ex-

general meetings.

No person five feet two inches high shall be deemed unfit.

Subdivision

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 501

such amended lifts to be sent to the clerks to the general meet-c^tes of ings, who shall return abstracts thereof to his Majesty's privy amended lift council, and shall forthwith cause the proper number of men to Jo the l^neral be chosen by ballot out of the lifts returned for every parish, meetings, and amended as aforesaid, and shall appoint another meeting to who dial) re-be holaen as soon as conveniently may be, artd within fourteen turn abstracts days in the same subdivisions, for the purpose of enrolling councif^lSall the men required to serve as aforesaid, and shall issue out an cause the men order to the schoolmasters and to constables or other officers of to be ballotted the respective parishes, to give notice to every man so ballotted foi> and ap-to appear at such meeting, which notice shall be given or left at P1" f the place of ^bode of every such person at least seven days before rofiing the m; such meeting; and such schoolfnifters, constables, or other officers order school' respectively, shall attend such meeting, and make a return upon matters to oath of t»he days when such notice was served; and every person so chosen by ballot shall upon such notice appear at such appear> &c. meeting, and shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then* and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the army to be raised by virtue of this act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect Acts omitted or mistake of any lieutenants or deputy lieutenants, or any any meetin* schoolmasters or constables, or othet officers, or from any other be done cause, any act or acts, matters or things, hereby required to be at a subse-done at any such meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed, it quest meet-shall be lawful for the persons respectively authorised and re- 1

quired, to do any act, matter, or thing, to carry the same into nl^mber shall execution at any subsequent meeting; and all such acts, matters, not be en-and things shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to ail intents rolied, a frefl* and purposes, as if the same had been done at the meeting in had°&c* this act mentioned for such purpose; and if the full number ofna'men appointed for any subdivision should not be duly enrolled at any meeting appointed for that purpose, the deputy lieute-tenants at such meeting, or at any subsequent meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required immediately to cause any lifts to be amended, if necessary, and to proceed to a fresh bailot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, as may be expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution; and it shall 9nedePut^ be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace] to administer the oaths required by this act to be taken by per-idminister fons to serve in the said army, to any person ballotted, or to any oaths, and person offering as a volunteer under the directions of this act, of/equire the to any person who shall offer to serve as a substitute; and (uct^u^di°iri^eto deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace is hereby authorised to*enrol the per-direct and require the clerk of the subdivision, for which the persons sworn. son having taken such oath is to serve, to enrol the name of every such person, together with the day on which the said oath was so administered to him, in the roll of such subdivision.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall ap- SubdiviGoo pear to any two or more deputy lieutenants assembled at any meetings may subdivision meeting, that any person chosen by ballot to serve in discharge un-

the fit Perl5ns>

and cause / the said army is unable by reason of any infirmity, oris < others to be wife unfit for the service, such deputy lieutenants shall sr chokn. hereby empowered and required to discharge such perfi

immediately to amend the lift for the place for which fochlj son shall have been ballotted, and to cause another per&n.chpfen in his stead, by bailot, according to the; directiond a6L

Persons bal-

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That i lotted may be lawful for persons ballotted to serve in the said army to<fic futes^and the Proc^uce substitutes, who-being of the same or some deputy^eu- county or stewartry, and able and fit to serve, and being Spj tenants may in manner directed by the said recited act and this act, Audi provide sub- rolled andsworn; and the persons finding such substitgtdl^Bdl ^uakers^and n0t^liable to be ballotted to serve or to find levy the ex- to ^erve under this act, unless it shall again come to the pence. any petfan; and the deputy lieutenants may also provide

per substitutes, of the same or some adjoining county or artry, for quakers, and levy the expence thereof on such Substitutes ers, according to the provisions of the said recited act; aaSfro ^de*d tcTo^ Person Pro^uced as a substitute shall be rejected by any dd|pty account oE lieutenants for or on account of the number of his chitdrcn&gliy children. thine in any former act contained to the contrary notwithAaolHg. Penalty on

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person ctypfcn persons by bailot, according to the directions of this act, to serve'ii ' chosen by bal- said army (not being one of the people called Quakers), (ha* quakers) ei"^(hfe or negied to appear and take the said oath, and serve neglecting to laid army, or to provide a substitute to be approved as af iferve pr find who shall take the said oath, and sign his consent to serve substitute8. substitute, every such person so refilling or neglecting (hattjforfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and whenever anyjpal-lot shall take place for the filling up any vacancy, or Qthenrife in the same parish or place, under the authority of this act»£fter the expiration of one year from the time of such person Mug so ballotted as aforesaid, such person shall be liable to bjflpil-If penalty be lotted again to serve or provide a substitute under tins ad$£rnd not paid, the in default of payment of any such penalty, or for want oCT person shall fjcient effects whereon to levy the same, the name of fuc' com pc eu^£t tQ fcrvCj ancj being of the people called

shall be entered on the roll; and such person shall be delft) over to some proper officer in his Majesty's service, near to i parish or place, and shall be compelled to serve, in like manner as any other person ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case ho had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That no man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the army, to be raised under this act, either as a ballotted man or as a substitute or volunteer, until he (bill have been carefully examined by some surgeon of competent (kill, and shall have been declared and reported by such surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, nor affiided

with

to serve.

No man shall be enrolled till examined by a surgeon.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 503

with any disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for service; and the deputy lieutenants assembled at their subdivision meetings, or any two deputy lieutenants, shall, in all cases, before they proceed to enrol any man for the said army, cause such examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieu- Deputy lieutenants, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require tenants may the attendance of any surgeon or assistant surgeon of any regi- tendance of ment, battalion, or corps, of his Majesty's regular or militia certain fur-forces, or any surgeon, or assistant surgeon, or mate in any geons. military hospital, or any surgeon or mate on the staff of the forces, if any such medical officer is within a reasonable distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the attendance of any other competent surgeon for that purpose; and a reasonable allowance, not exceeding two shillings and sixpence Allowance to for every man so examined, shall be made to the surgeon per- be made the forming such examination, and shall be paid in like manner as for

allowances are by the said recited act of the forty-second year "^ance* aforesaid directed to be made and paid to surgeons employed in examining men ballotted for the militia.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every man who shall Ballotted men he ballotted under this ail to fer\*e in the said army shall be en- e!?'

rolled to serve within the united kingdom of Great Britain and within^ertaln Ireland, and within the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, limits, and for the defence of the same, and not elsewhere, for five years, and shall take the shall take the following oath; (that is to say), so^wins

c T A. 5. do sincerely prbmife and swear. That I will be faith-I ful and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland\ or the islands of Guernsey, jersey, and Alderney, in any of his Majesty's regiments, battalions, or corps now established, or to be formed for the defence of the same, for the period of five years, unless I shall be sooner discharged.' Substitutes or

volunteers

And every substitute or volunteer enrolled to serve in the said be liable army, shall be liable to serve in any part of Great Britain or thTfame Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and not limits, and elsewhere, and shall take the following oath; (that is to say), shall take the

following

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faith- oath;

X ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, and I do swear that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, in any of his Majesty's regiments, battalions, or corps now established, or to be formed for the defence of the lame, for the period of five years, and until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace with Frame, unless I shall be sooner -discharged.*

And every person enrolled to serve under this act in the said and shall be

army as a substitute or volunteer, shall, before such enrolment, examined as 4 u to thenfit-

parish shall 'produce at subdivision meetings any volunteers, they shall be enrolled.

ness, and take be examined upon oath before the deputy lieutenants^ tQ' follo^into thC the's to ^erve> an<* ot^er circumstances, and thfi dmi f* efftdhinS # administered to him shall be in the words or to

following: y I*,

4 T J. B. do swear. That I have no rupture, ner acts Hil^ X to fits, nor am Idifabled by lameness or otherwifi^ fifgt. have the perfect use of my limbs, and that I am not an { tice, or a seaman or seafaring man, and that I do not bel< his Majesty's navy, army, or marines, nor to the militia, '

If the inha-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if the inhabitant bitants of any any parish or place shall provide and produce to the said dej n./u. 1 lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any fubdf meeting for choosing the militia men by bailot, any vqIub or volunteers, who shall be approved in manner herein directedb such volunteer or volunteers so examined and approved then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such term a*iV on the same conditions as is herein-before provided in case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by bailot; and the iaM deputy lieutenants shall cause only such number of persons to be chosen by bailot, out of the lift returned for such parish or placs* as shall be then wanted to make up the whole number tor&rv? for such parish or place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons to provide volunteers, being men a^£he same or some adjoining county or stewartry, to serve in the said Kives tofcrve, 3rmy for any subdivision within any county, and to prod^iee and if approv-such volunteers before any deputy lieutenants or justices ofhe ed may be peace of the same subdivision, at any time previous to the day enrolled, &c. app0*mted for choosing the men by ballot in such subdivision in pursuance of this act, or for any persons of the same or adjoining, county or stewartry, willing to serve therein, to offer themselves to serve in the said army for any such subdivision, and to appear before any such deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, within such time and at such place as aforesaid; and ev^ry such person so produced or appearing, who shall be approved of by the said deputy lieutenant or any justice of the peace as aforesaid, may fie enrolled to serve in the said armyas a private man, according to the provisions of this act; and such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace respectively before whom any such volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the clerks of the meetings for the respective subdivisions to enrol the names of all such volunteers in such manner as they are required to enrol the names of persons chosen by bailot, and the names of all such volunteers shall be so entered within the respective subdivisions before the time appointed for ballotting the men within the same.

Volunteers

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants the*1 UoeoV °rom t*mc to t, aie orc*er volunteers to be forwarded to

alftmblyVand P*ace assembly for their respective counties or stewartries if those en- as herein after mentioned $ and if the number of volunteers enrolled

Persons may

fProvide vo-unteers or offer them-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 505

rolled by virtue of this act in any subdivision, before the time rolled before appointed for taking the ballot as before directed, shall not amount to two-third parts of the whole number of men ap- amount to pointed to be raised within such subdivision, the deputy lieute- acertain nants shall, at the time and place before appointed, proceed, to number, the ballot for such number of men only as shall be then wanted tof/npaing ma* make up the whole number to serve for such subdivision, ^king^fp^Y a fresh appointment of the number of men to be raised for the bailot, and respective parishes in such subdivision, according to the number shall fend an then wanted as aforesaid; and if the number of volunteers who account of shall have been then enrolled shall amount to or exceed such enrolledtothe two-third parts, then the said deputy lieutenants may suspend clerk of the the ballot appointed to be taken, for any space of time not ex- general meet-ceeding ten days, of which like notice shall be given as herein before dirked, and they shall forthwith transmit an the Pfecretary° account of the number of volunteers so enrolled to the clerk of at war; an/ the general meetings of lieutenancy, who shall transmit the his Majesty same, without delay, to his Majesty's secretary at war; and it may direct a shall be lawful for his Majesty, on the transmission of such of

account, to direct a further suspension of the said ballot for such bailot, at the time as shall be deemed expedient, in order to give a reasonable end of which opportunity to complete the quota of such subdivision by the Peri°d the enrolment of volunteers; and in such case it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace acting for such ballottedfor, subdivision, within the time allowed by his Majesty, in any &c. order transmitted for that purpose ^by his Majesty's secretary at war, to enrol such number of men as volunteers in the said army as shall be wanting to complete the quota of men to be "raised for such subdivision, in the manner before directed: provided always, that if at the expiration of the time allowed by his Majesty the whole number of m6n to be raised for such subdivision shall not have been enrolled, the deputy lieutenants, without further delay, shall proceed to ballot for the number of men then wanted to make up such number, according to the provisions of this act, making a fresh appointment of the number of men to be raised for each parish or place, according to the numbers then wanted as aforesaid 5 but if at the end of the time so allowed the whole number of men to be so raised.for such subdivision shall be completed, then the deputy lieutenants shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of the general meetings of the said county or stewartry as aforesaid, who shall transmit the same to his Majesty's secretary at war, and in such case no ballot shall take place for such subdivision.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any person shall Substitutes or have received any money for the purpose of serving as a substi- havin^eiv-tute or volunteer, either in the way of earnest, or in parr payment^money, of any sum agreed to be given for his becoming such substitute and not ap-or volunteer, or in any other manner as such substitute or vo- pcari, ?'^ to^en lunteer, and shall afterwards refuse or neglect to appear to be return it and enrolled and sworn to serve as such, it shall be lawful for any pay a penalty# jwo deputy lieutenants, or any justice of the peace or magistrate or, be iropri-

to

o6 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [

to whom complaint shall be made thereon, to cause an person to be brought before them or him by warrant; such person shall refuse to be enrolled and sworn to aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or be unable to sum of money so advanced as aforesaid, to the person or from whom he received it, together with the further sum shillings by way of forfeit, such deputy lieutenants or may, and they are hereby required to commit such perfc common goal of the county or stewartry for the space months, there to remain without bail or mainprize.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the sum of one shall be paid by the collector of the land-tax to the commanding officers of companies, in manner directgd said act of the forty-second year aforesaid, for the use man raised under this act, when and To soon as any fi who shall join shall respectively join at the place of assembly appointed afcmbfyaCC° Purpose> which sums shall be respectively paid, appli* accounted for, in manner directed by the said act and an addi-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That an additional bi tional guinea Gf one guinea shall be paid byhe collector of the lai SSnin^h?« aforesaid, for and in respect of every man ballotted to

uij joming 1, 1__________j r.__________n,

One guinea shall be paid by the collector of the land-tax for every man

refta

of I

serve.

airpa. shall appear to be enrolled and sworn personally to serve this act, as soon as such men shall have respectively joined regiment, battalion, or corps, to the captain of the respT companies to which such men shall belong, which shall'counted for by such captain to the men entitled thereto on

twenty-fourth day of the month succeeding the time of the $ being paid by such collector; and such sums shall be alloy the accounts of such collectors respectively.

His Majesty^

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for theytime8°and Majesty to appoint the times and places in each county and places for stewartry for the assembling of the men enrolled under this act, assembling the and also to appoint and fend proper officers and non-commissioned officers to receive such men, notice whereof shall be cers to receive trar*smitted by his Majesty's secretary at war to the deputy lieu-them, notice tenants respectively; and where no such officers or non-commis-whereof shall fioned officers shall be so sent, the deputy lieutenants shall order be transmitted the men, when enrolled, to repair forthwith to the places of tary at war to :8fen*bly so appointed, and shall cause to be advanced to such the deputy men such pay, for the purposes of subsisting such men during lieutenants; such march, as is directed in the act of the forty-second year and when aforesaid, in relation to the militia, when embodied.; and all the deputy*justices of the peace, magistrates, constables, and other officers, lieutenants may, and they are hereby required, to do all other acts, matters, shall order the and things, in relation to billetting such men, and providing fuf-men to repair ficient carriages for the forwarding the march of such men, as ftf affottMv8 they are authorised and directed to do with respect to any of Sec. 9his Majesty's forces.

His Majesty

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for may cause the his Majesty to cause the men enrolled under this act to serve as men to be aforesaid, to be placed, in such of the existing regiments, baita-p aced m lions,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. 507

lions, or corps* as may be from time to time appointed to serve corps ap-5n Great Britain, Ireland\ Guernsey y Jersey, and Alderney, or to n

be formed into such new regiments, battalions, or corps, as his cYrtairTlimits Majesty shall judge necessary, and in such manner as shall be or to be form-best adapted to the defence and protection of the united king- ed into new dom; and notice shall be given by his Majesty's secretary at war ^P8* &c-to khe respective lieutenants of counties, of the respective regi- ^in^officerV ttients, battalions, and corps, to which the men enrolled for to commandheir respective counties shall be appointed; and it shall also be and discipline lawful for his Majesty to appoint such officers and non -commis- tjjem»and fioned officers to command and discipline such regiments, hat- ^ffc^under tftlions, or corps, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such this atf shall Officer^ and every non-commissioned officer and drummer in be subject to any such regiment, battalion, or corps, and every such private |hc man, from the time of his enrolment respectively, as well as thelaW8#

whole army to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be subject to all the provisions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties, as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any act of parliament then in fofee for punishing mutiny and defer-xion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of war made in pursuance thereof, and all the provisions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every such article and articles of war, shall be in force with respect to the army to be raised by virtue of this act, and shall extend to all officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men of the same, in all cases whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That None of the none of the regiments, battalions, and corps in which the men ^e^mcn^stall to be raised under this act shall be placed or formed as aforesaid, be p|acc(1 ^all shall, during the time that any such men shall remain appointed be ordered to or formed in the same as aforesaid, on any account be carried out of certain or ordered to go out of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, mcD°be cora-and none of the said men to b$ raised by virtue of this act shall pellable to be compellable or compelied, on any pretence whatsoever, to serve out of serve out of the united kingdom and the islands of Guernsey, tllca

Jersey, and Alderney aforesaid, unless they shall freely and volun-

tarily enlist in any of his Majesty's forces for general service, and shall have been for that purpose previously and duly discharged from their service in the army to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective lieu- The lieute-tenants and deputy lieutenants shall, upon the receipt of any nants and such notice as aforesaid, of the regiment, battalion, or corps in ^ePutY bfu-which the men raised in their respective counties shall be^cer-formed, forthwith transmit to the officer commanding such tificattsto the regiment, battalion, or corps, or officers respectively commanding commanding such regiment, battalion, or corps, when more than one, certificates of the numbers and names of men belonging to their ^aTvacan-respective counties, as well as of the subdivisions and parishes cies shall be

for Supplied ac-

508 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83. [1803.

cording to for whi<?h they respectively serve; and all vacancies that flbaB V ?Cand'he ar^e/*n army, by death or desertion of any men enrolled

commanding the rein, orn consequence of any such men being reel aimed officers and6 deserters from his Majesty^ other forces, or from the marimestir adjutants shall militia, or by such men becoming unfit for service, and b$ing transmit to duly discharged accordingly, shall be filled up and supplied hi

such and the like manner, and under such and the like penalties, as are contained in the said recited act, except in so far ny such penalties or forfeitures are by this act varied, altered, -or increased; and the respective commanding officers and adjutant of such regiments, battalions, or corps, shall, in order to the having such vacancies duly and speedily supplied, from timejft time transmit and cause to be transmitted to the clerks of ral meetings, and lieutenants and deputy lieutenant^, all fiKSh certificates, returns, and accounts, in relation to such vacancies, as are directed in the said recited acts; provided that no vacancy caused by the discharge of any man as unfit for service shall be filled up, except his discharge shall be signed by the colonel or other commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, and certified by two deputy lieutenants of the county or stewartry to which he shall belong.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective

the clerks of the general meetings. See. returns relating to vacancies as directed thereby.

Commandant

to transmit to colonels or other commanding officers of the regiments, batta-

the clerks of the commissioners of supply certificates in the form in the annexed sche-

lions, or corps of men raised under this act, shall transmit to the clerk of the commissioners of supply for any county or stewartry failing or delaying to furnish the proportion of men directed to be raised by this act, or as often as any deficiency _ shall arise, a certificate in the form in the schedule to this "ad duTe^A.^and annexed, marked (A.) of the deficiencies and vacancies ths£ the commis- remain to be filled up in their respective regiments, battalions, ^all or corps; and the clerk of supply shall certify the same to the each man cer- of of supply, who shall thereupon, within ten tifiedtobe "days thereafter, assess the penalty of twenty pounds for each deficient, and private man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid, to be levied a further pe- in manner directed by the said recited act; and if within three months after the date at which any such assessment shall have been made, any deficiency or deficiencies in respect whereof any such assessment shall have been made, shall not have been made good and filled up, according to the provisions of the said act and of this act, the of of supply shall forthwith assess and kvy, in like manner as aforesaid, a further and additional penalty of twenty pounds for every private man so deficient, and shall frotp time to time, at the expiration of every succeeding three months, proceed to aflefe and levy further and additional penalties as aforesaid, of twenty pounds for each private man deficient, until such deficiency or deficiencies shall have been filled up; and Recovery of fUGh several penalties may and shall be afleffect, levied, arifl penalties. recovered, according to the provisions of the said recited act, add applied as by this act directed; for which purpose the resperftive clerks of the commissioners of supply shall transmit to the lord chief baron, and other barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, the numbers of men deficient, pursuant to the

returns

nalty of tol. every three months till deficiencies are filled up.

Di< -

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83* 509

returns made to them according to the directions of this act; and the King's attorney in exchequer is hereby directed and required to proceed to compel the performance of this act, and to levy and collet the pains, penalties, and forfeitures hereby imposed, in the same manner as he is directed and required to compel performance of the said recited act, and to levy any pains, penalties, or forfeitures, thereby imposed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of

rules, regulations, pains, penalties, and provisions, in the said recited act to recited adft, as to persons deferring from the militia, shall be in m^n

full force and applied to all persons enrolled to serve in the army thTs^a who^ to be raised by virtue of this act, who shall desert after such en- shall desert. rolmeot; and it shall be lawful to proceed against such deserters

either according to the provisions of any aCI in force for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, or any articles of war made in pursuance thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enabled. That in all cases the Parishes shall respective parishes shall complete their quota of men drdered to

be raised under this act without loss of time 5 and that the money £Jjt*arising by penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militia, time, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied by Application of any two or more deputy lieutenants within their respective sub-divisions in providing subsistutes for the persons who have paid f^ycor find such penalties, which substitutes shall be examined, approved, substitutes, Tworn in, and enrolled to serve for the same term, in the same manner, and on the same conditions as are herein-before provided in the case of substitutes provided by persons chosen by bailot; and if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the collector of the cess of the county or stewartry within which the same shall so respectively be paid or levied, and shall forth-with'by such collector be carried to the account of the paymaster- general of the army, or transmitted and paid into the hands of the said paymaster-general of the army, if required so to do, to be applied in the raising men for the said army, for such county or stewartry, or for his Majesty's regular forces, as his Majesty shall think fit.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That the respective clerks Clerks to ge-to the general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to subdivision 1 Ctobe meetings, and all other officers and persons whatever, entitled rewarded for under the said recited act to any remuneration for their pains their trouble, and labours in executing the provisions of the said act, who shall

execute the like or other provisions of this act, shall for such services respectively receive such rewards as are directed by the said act for such services, and also such further reward for their pains and trouble in and aboiit the executing of this act, as the deputy lieutenants assembled at any meeting held for that purpose, at which not Jess than five deputy lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under their hands and such respective rewards to the respective collectors, who shall, on the production of such certificate so signed as aforesaid,

5l°

t'rnue to be long to the corps from which discharged.

Wives and families of

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 83

said, pay the sum or sums of money therein specified, < publick monies in their hands, and the same shall be j their accounts.

His Majesty

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be ctfmrtan^ante Majesty, from time to time, and under such bount to discharge regulations, and restrictions as may to his Majesty ft any men wil- expedient, and as may be declared in general orders, tail ling to enlist colonel or other commanding officer of any regiment,}

for° eneral*8 or corPs>, nto any men rjftfed under this act shall fc-vice*1 Lc. or forced, to discharge any such men so raised, who"

willing to enlist in his Majesty's forces for general fervi< vided always, that the parish in which any such men been raised shall not be compellable or compelled to f vacancy occasioned by the enlisting of any men under discharge as aforesaid.

r(on shall

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, refusetoenlift any Person so discharged for the purpose of being enlisted as q he shall con-said shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to fat* claration so made by him as aforesaid, that then and in eve{ case such person shall continue to belong to the regimes talion, or corps from which he shall have been so discharg the purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding an] discharge.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the wive families of families of the corporals and private men, raised and ear privates en- ^erve un(^er this act> shall be entitled to such and the like l titled to relief, and under such and th6 like circumstances, as are mentic

any act passed or to be pasted in this section of parliament^ providing relief for the families of militia men in iScotland*'called out into actual service; and for that purpose all the i regulations, provisions, powers, authorities, penalties, and*(enures in the said recited act contained, shall extend and construed to extend to the giving such relief as aforesaid, as; and effectually as if the same were herein enacted: provided^ways, that no assessment shall be made to make good the an of any sums paid for such relief to such wives and families i this act, in the manner directed by the said act, to make goodl sums paid to the wives and families of militia men purfif thereto.

Act not to im-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing hcffip contained shall be construed in any manner to impede or debar the levying of men, who ought to be raised from time to top* to complete the militia now embodied, or to vary the imiiciayRf proceeding therein \ but that all such levies shall be effectedtftl like manner as if this act had not been pasted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all powers, _ fions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, cla matters, and things contained in the aforesaid act of the so second year of his Majesty's reign, shall, so far as the same applicable, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, ' applied and practised for the purpose of raising the men dhr*

pede levying of men to complete the embodied militia.

Provisions of 4 % Geo. 3. c. 91. to extend to this act.

izedflby

xSoj; .] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 51 j

to be raised by this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, clauses, matters, and things, were again repeated and enacted in this act,

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Act may be this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, Stared or re-or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present session thlg of parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ADDITIONAL ARMY OF SCOTLAND.

County of #r, Stewartry of

er, City or Place [as the Case may be].

CERTIFICATE of Number, of Vacancies; dated the Day of

Subdivisions. Parishes. Total number of Qjiota. Numbers of Men actually serving. Vacancies to be filled up.

1* '

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to amend the laws relating to spiritual persons bolding of farms \ and for enforcing the residence ofspiritual persons on their benefices, in England.

[July 7, 1803.]

WHEREAS many of the provisions of an act % made in the 21 Hen. S.

twenty-first year of the reign of his majesty King Henry the c, i*. recited. Eighth intituled, Spiritual persons abridged from having plura-Tities of livings, and from taking of ferms, &c., and other the laws now in force relating to spiritual persons residing on their benefices, have been found inconvenient \ and it is expedient that certain of the

T

512 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [fm3.

the provision of the said act should be repealed., and that otherj&o-visions should be made in lieu thereof; and that the said act andwkvs aforesaid should be amended, \ and more effectual provision made fd&P' forcing the residence ofspiritual perfom on their benefices, and Wrote ft; ng spiritual persons from vexatious prosecutions: may it therjmre I please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enact^j&y

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advicejbd consent of the lord's spiritual and temporal, and common&fo this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of^ffee Spiritual per- same, That, from and after the passing of this act, every spirigilal fons against person who shall before the passing of this act have incurred fhnn hC- Pecuniary penalty or penalties, or any forfeiture or forfeitures been brought un^er the kid recited act, for or in respect of non-residend#or under recited farming of lands, and against whom no action, suit, bill, plqipt, aftindemni- or information, shall have been Iprought in respect thereof uoper Uad^wMch* be, and hereby indemnified, freed, and mf-

would be good charged from the same, any thing in the said recited act to the after paflin^ contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all contracts, agreements, this act, valid, and leases, made by words, or otherwise, before the passing of this ^hstand- acS> jjy any spiritual person, either by himself or any other to* or for his use, which if made after this act would, according to

the provisions thereof, be good and valid, shall, notwithstanding the said recited act, or any ad, or law or laws to the contrary,

' be and be deemed to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposej, as if the same had been made after the passing of this act.

Persons sued

II. And be it further enacted, That, immediately from and under recited after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any person or ^theP* Persons aga*nft whom any original writ, suit, action, bill, plaint, court, ifC or information, shall have been sued out, commenced, or profc-fitting, or to a cuted, before the passing of this act, y for any pecuniary penalty judge, if not or penalties, or any forfeiture or forfeitures incurred or alledged to un<^er the said recited act, to apply to the court in which uporfcertfin such original writ, suit, action, bill, plaint, or information, shall conditions, have been sued out, commenced, or prosecuted, if such court shall 1)e fitting, or to any judge of any such court when not fitting, for an order that such writ, suit, action, bill, plaint or information, shall be discontinued, upon payment of the sum of ten pounds in every case*where a verdict shall be obtained, together with the costs; and where no verdict shall have been obtained, upon payment of the colls incurred up to the time of such application being made, all such costs to be taxed as between attorney and client, according to the practice of such court; and every such court or judge is hereby authorised and required, upon such application, to make such order as aforesaid; and upon the making such order, and payment of such costs as aforesaid, such writ, suit, action, bill, plaint, or information, shall be forthwith discontinued; and in every case, until such application shall be made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such original writ, suit, action, bill, plaint, or information, to proceed therein as if this act, or an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 513

of his present Majesty, intituled An act to flay* until the twenty-fifth day of March "one thousand eight hundred and two, proceedings in

actions under the statute of King Henry the Eighth, 'for abridging spiritual toersons from having pluralities of livings, and from taking of firms, had not been passed; any thing in this act, or the said last recited act, or in any other act or acts continuing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That in all cases in which any such Such court or writ, suit, action, bill, plaint, or information, shall have been ay sued out or commenced at any time on or subsequent to the first commenced1 day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be com- on orfubfe-petent to such court or judge as aforesaid, to make such order as quest to July aforesaid for discontinuing the same without payment of any1'1801.*0^2 costs; and upon making such order, such writ, suit, action, bill, dl contmuc plaint, or information, mall be forthwith discontinued.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Spiritual per-passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any spiritual person to

take to farm to himself, or to any person or persons to his use, though not in by lease, grant, words, or otherwise, for term of life, for term of a dry, &c. years, or at will, any messuage, mansion, or dwelling-house, with and such as or without orchards, gardens, and other appurtenances, a^t^0Ugh^a^J10jc^' not in any city, borough, or town, any thing in the said recited may^by con-aft, or any other act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and fen t of the it Qjall also be lawful for any spiritual person having or holding any -bishop, take donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, not having any farm8, sufficient or convenient glebe or demesne lands annexed to, or in right of, or by reason of his benefice or cure, or chapelry, or for any stipendiary curate, or any unbeneficed spiritual person, with the co'nfent or approbation of the bishop of the diocese, signified in writing, to take to ferm to himself, or to any person or persons to his use for a limited terrrt of years, any farm or farms, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, that may, under all the circumstances, appear to such bishop proper to be taken, held, or occupied by any such spiritual person, for the convenience and accommodation of his household and hospitality only, without being subject or liable to any pains, penalties, or forfeitures, under the said first recited act or any other act by reason thereof, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise any non-residence of any such spiritual person as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing May bold

of this act, it shall be lawful for any spiritual person or persons, estates as pro-by himself or themselves, or any other to his or their use, to ^ny farmert have, hold, use, or occupy in ferm, any manors, Jands, tene- cultivation, ments, or hereditaments, demised, leased, or granted, to such unless under a Spiritual person or persons, as the property or estate of such lea^ granted spiritual person or persons; or to take, purchase, receive, or hold £re

as the property and estate of such spiritual person, any lease or jgOJ> Qr by leases for life br lives, or for term or terms of years, absolute or consent of the determinable on any life or lives, or to take any annual rent, or bishop.

Vol. XLIV. L l other

514 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [1803.

other annual advantage or profit by occasioA of any lease or ferm of any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the property or estate of any such spiritual person or persons belonging to him or them, either in his or their own right, or in tho right bf any other person or persons, or in right or by reason of nis or their having or folding any spiritual dignity or benefice, or so taken, purchased, received, or held as aforesaid, as the property or estate of such spiritual person, without being subject to act, pains, penalties, or forfeitures whatever, unddr the said first recited act, or any other act, any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise any spiritual person having or holding any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial cha-pelry, or serving a stipendiary curacy, to take, receive, or hold any such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, after the passing of this act, for the purpose of occupying or to occupy the same, for the cultivation thereof, or procuring profit therefrom, by himself of any bailiff or bailiffs, or servant or servant£ for his use, unless the same shall have been taken, received, or holden under a lease granted to such person on or before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and three, or unless by the consent or approbation of the bishop as aforesaid, ' signified in writing.

May buy or

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fell passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any spiritual person, by

occupation^ himself, or by any other for him or to his use, to bargain, and farms. buy or fell again for any lucre, gain, or profit, any manner of

cattle or corn that may be necessary, proper, or convenient to be bdught, fold, kept, or maintained by such spiritual person, or any other person for him or to his use, for the occupation, manuring, improving, pasturage, or profit of any farms, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, that may under and by virtue of any law or laws now in force, or under any of the provisions of this act, be lawfully held and occupied, possessed, or enjoyed, by.such spiritual person, or any other for him or to his use, without being subject to any pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by reason thereof, under the said first recited act, or any other act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to, authorise any such spiritual person to buy or fell any cattle as aforesaid, or corn, in person, in any market, fair, or place of publick sale.

Vicars or cu*

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the rates may take passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any spiritual person leases of the joying or holding any vicarage or perpetual curacy, or for the pTr^onages^f stipendiary curate thereof respectively, to occupy by himself or their parishesj by any other to his use in ferm, of the lease or grant of any person or persons, the impropriate parsonage, rectory, or vicarage respectively, of the parish of which such spiritual person shall be the vicar, or perpetual curate, or stipendiary curate, or any part

or

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 515

or parts thereof respectively, or to take any profit or rent out of any such farm, without being subject to any pains, penalties, or 0 forfeitures, by means thereof, under the said first recited act 5 any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided nevertheless. That in such cases ia which such but inhere not impropriate parsonage, rectory, or vicarage, or such part or parts occupied by a thereof as shall be so occupied as aforesaid, shall not, at any time fonbeforepTff-before the passing of this act, have been so occupied by the same, ing thi6 ad, or any other such spiritual person as aforesaid, such person shall the licence of remain liable to such pains, penalties, and forfeitures, unless he thebishopne-shall have obtained the licence of the bishop for so occupying the ce liry* same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any clergyman, possessed of any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or ^mpted parochial chapelry, who shall be licensed or otherwise exempted residence may from residence under this or any other act, may take to ferm and occupy, where occupy in the parish where he resides, or any adjoining parish, J}e such lands* for the convenience and accommodation of his house-. bishop a# hold, and hospitality only, as the bishop of the diocese in which may allow, he resides may ^llow by any writing under his hand. '

X. And be it further enacted, That an act, made in the thir-3 Ehz.c* teenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act &c# repeale touching lea/es of benefices and other ecclesiastical livings with curey together with all and every explanations, additions, and alterations thereof, made by several statutes in the fourteenth, eighteenth,

and forty-third years of her said Majesty's reign, and also so much of an act, made in the third year of the reign of King'iCharles the First, intituled An act for continuance and repeal of divers statutes, whereby the same were made perpetual, be from henceforth repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to dein this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Pri*ePirj.tual deprive any spiritual person of any privilege, indemnity, or per* priviieg^th"/ miflioi), as to the taking, having, or holding any ferms or lands now enjoy, to which any such spiritual person was or would be entitled unto,

under any of the provisions of the said recited act of his said late majesty King Henry the Eighth, or any otherwise howsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the past Penalty for ing of this act, so much of the said first recited act as imposes the erredted penalty of ten pounds, in the said act mentioned, on any spiritual a<$ repealed, person therein described, who shall not keep residence on one of his and other dignities, prebends, or benefices, but absent himself wilfully by the penalties im-space of one month together, or by the space of two months, to be Posed' accounted at several times in any one year, shall be and the same

is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this act, every spiritual person, being possessed of any archdeaconry, deanery, or other dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, or perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, who shall, without sufficient cause, as in the said first recited act, or under an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled,

An act that every judge of the high courts may have one chaplain'LI2 heneficed

5*6 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. Xl

linefeed with curei or under another ad, passed in eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth,

The bill for non-residence ofspiritml men and their benejkei9 another ad, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign Henry the Eighth, intituled An act forth chancellor ef\ /Lancjafler and others to have chaplains, is specified, or fr sufficient cause as would exempt such spiritual person 1 of the pains, penalties, and forfeitures under the aOs, for any non^residence, and who shall not have licence or exemption as is in this act mentioned for that wilfully absent himself therefrom for the space of thTet _ together, or to be accounted at several times in any o«i& and make his residence and abiding at any other [dace ok* except at some other dignity, prebend, benefice, donaT petual curacy, or parochial chapelry, of which he possessed, shall, when such absenee shall exceed (itch aforesaid, and not exceed six months, forfeit and pay of the annual valde (deduding therefrom all outgoing; any stipend paid to any curate) of the dignity, prebend, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, from shall so absent himself as aforesaid; and when such hW exceed six months, hnd not exceed tight months, One harfi annual value; add when such absenee shall exceed eight^two-thirds of such annualvahit; and when such at>fe| have been for the whole of the year, three-fourths of faefcj value 5 to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, 1 mation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wefr or the courts of great sessions in Wale's^ wherein no efle* vilege, protection, or wager of law, or more thin one ti shall be allowed; and the whole of every such pCi forfeiture shall go and be paid to the person or persons \ inform and sue for the same, together with such costs of shall be allowed, according to the practice of the court iir No parfbnage such action shall be brought: provided, that-no parfonj - hath a vicar endowed, or perpetual curate, and having of fouls, shall be taken to be or be comprehended under the? of benefice, within the trud intent and meaning, or for ti poses of this act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the court in which an; nan action, bill, plaint, or information, shall be depending, «upon application made for that purpose, require by: ifiAy require order of the said court, or any judge thereof, the archbf* the (UocefHn bishop of the diocese, within the limits of which the < to certify the prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochh rmaTvalue of Pe*ry> be l°caHy situate, or to whom the same fhatP benefices, &c. jed, according to the provisions of this act, for or by r< non-residence, in, at, or upon which the penalties and foi shall be fought to be recovered by such action, bill, plalHftar information, to certify in writing under his hand to 1 court; and also to the party for that purpose named m rule or order, the reputed annual value of such dignity, pi (Maul,

benefice,

that hath a vicar endowed, See. shall be deemed a benefice. The court in which any action shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c

benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry; and upon such rule or order being left with such archbishop or bishop, or the registrar of such archbishop or bishop, such archbishop qr bishop shall accordingly so certify such reputed annual value, and such certificate shall in all subsequent proceedings upon such action, bill, plaint, or information, be received and taken as evidence of the annual value of such dignity, prebend* benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, respectively, for the purposes of this act, without prejudice nevertheless to the admiffibiltty or effect of any such other evidence as may be offered or given respecting the actual value thereof.'

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no spiritual person being possessfed of any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, who shall have made his residence and abided at his said dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, for the space of one whole year, without wilful absence therefrom, for any longer time than three months together, or in the whole at several times, shall be liable to any of the pains, penalties, or forfeitures in this act or the said recited act contained, for any {previous non-residence, unless the action for the recovery of such penalties or forfeitures shall have been actually commenced against such person previous to his having completed fqch residence for one year, in the manner herein specified.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no spiritual person having or holding any office, in such manner as the same under any of the provisions of the said first recited act, or of an act, pawed in the twe^tyrfifth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An act that every judge of the high courts may have one chaplain beneficed with cure; or of another act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The bill for non-residence of spiritual men and their bene-fices\ or of another act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An act for the chan* cellar of the duchy a^Lancaflerand others to have chaplains; would

exempt such spiritual persons from residence, or from the penalties and forfeitures in the said acts contained for non-residence, or actually serving as a chaplain yf the house of commons, or as clerk of his Majesty's closet, or as a deputy clerk thereof, during the time of their respective attendance, or as a chaplain general of his Majesty's forces, or brigade chaplain on foreign service, or chaplain on board any of his Majesty's ships, or of his Majesty's dock-yards, or in any of his Majesty's garrisons, or chaplain of his Majesty's corps of artillery, during the times of attending the duties of such offices respectively, or as chaplain to any British factory, or in the household of any British ambafladqr or pvbfick minister refuting abroad, during the time of his actually residing in such factory or household, and performing the re at all due times and seasons the duties of such his office, or as chancellor or vicar-general, or in his absence the principal farrogate or official in any ecclesi^stical court of swy dioeftfe, whilst they are residing

in

84. $17

No person who has redded a year without absence for more than three months shall be liable for any previous non* residence, unless the action be commenced before he has so resided.

Certain person 8 exempted from penalties for non-residence.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

[1

in the places where their respective offices are exercised^ minor canon, or vicar choral, or priest vicar, or any such publick officer in any cathedral or collegiate church, durii itimefc for which they may he required by the canons or staru|e$ thereof to reside at such cathedral or collegiate cht and actually reside and perform duty at the same, or as Tub-deans, priests, or readers in his Majesty's royal ch:

Saint James's and Whitehall, or as reader in his Majesty's pi chapel, at Wtndfor or else where, or as chaplain at the military afylutn at Chelsea, or royal military college at Wycombe, or teacher at the royal military academy at Worn or chaplains at the royal hospitals at Greenwich and Chelfek, chaplains to the royal hospitals for seamen at Hajlar and Pi whilst they shall respectively reside and perform the dui N their respective offices, or as a preacher or reader in any

inns of court, or at the rolls, or as burfar, dean, vice prefix publick tutor or chaplain, or other such publick officer, college or hall in either of the universities of Oxford or Ca\ during the period for which he may respectively be, _ by reason of any such office, to perforin the duties of

office, and actually shall perform the duties of the fame^ publick librarian or publick registrar, or proctor, or pi drator, or other such publick officer, in either of the said versities, during the period for which he may respective/| required, by reason thereof, to perform the duties of any? office, and actually shall perform the duties of the same, fellow of any college in either of the universities, or of Et& Winchester College, during the time for which he may be reqi to reside by any charter or statute, and actually resides therein as warden or provost of Eton or Winchejlet College, during! time for which they may be respectively required to reside^or shall actually reside therein, or as schoolmaster or usher in Ae same, or as schoolmaster or usher of Westminster school, fhaHfbc liable to any of the pains, penalties, or forfeitures in the said fft recited act or this act contained, for or on account of any mfn-- residence on any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, or ttr-petual curacy; any thing in the said act or this act contawd to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after $te passing of* this act, no person or persons mentioned in an A, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King Henry Jfjkc Eighth, intituled. The bill for non-residence of spiritual meny

non-residence their benefices, and entitled under the provisions of the said act*>r till 40 years any other act to the privilege and liberty of non-residence uittil

after and above the age of forty years, shall be entitled to erjfey the privilege and liberty of non-residence after or above the Ae of thirty years, without prejudice nevertheless to any of the exceptions and savings contained in the said act; any thingin the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no penalty or tib&s incurred by any spiritual person by reason of any non-residence

on Persons entitled under 28 Hen. 8. c. 13. to privilege of

old, not to be entitled to it after 30.

Np penalty to be levied

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 519

on his dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual^ curacy, against the

or parochial chapelry, shall be levied by execution against the

body of such person, whilst he shall hold the same or any other covered by

dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy* or pa- sequestration,

rochial chapelry, out of the profits of which the same can be of the bene-

levied by sequestration, within the term of three years; and in fi^8n tlurcc

case the body of any such spiritual person shall be taken in execu-yc 8*

tion for the same, the court in which the same was recovered,

or any judge thereof, may and shall, upon application made for

that purpose, discharge the party from such execution, in case it

shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of such court or judge

that such penalty and costs can be levied as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Bishop# may passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the several bishops re- fgr spedlively, in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain non.residence and Ireland called England^ upon application made for that pur-in certain pose by petition in writing, by any spiritual person having or cases, holding any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual

curacy, or parochial chapelry, locally situated within their respective dioceses, upon such proofs as to any facts stated in any such petition as any such bishop may think necessary, if he shall require it, by affidavit made before any surrogate or matter extraordinary in chancery (which oath any surrogate or matter extraordinary in chancery is hereby authorised and required to administer), to graift in such cases as are herein enumerated, where, on due consideration of all the circumstances stated in any such application, and verified to the satisfadhon of the bishop as aforesaid, such bishop shall in his discretion think it fit to grant the same, a licence in writing under his hand, expressing the cause of granting the same, for the non-residence of such spiritual person on his dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, for the purpose of exempting such person from any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures; under and subject nevertheless to the regulations, provisions, and restrictions in this act contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Cases in which any bishop to grant licences to any spiritual persons having any bishops may dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or Pa"grant8f0 rochial chapelry, within hfs diocese, to reside out of the ProPer norurefi^ house of residence, or out of the parish, and within such distance dence, therefrom, as the case may appear to such bishop to require, if,

upon the consideration of all the circumstances of any such case, such bishop shall in his discretion think the same fit and proper, in the several cases herein after mentioned; (that is to say), to any spiritual person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper house of residence* or in the parish, by actual illness or infirmity of body of himself, or wife or child, making part of, and residing with him as part of his family; and also to any spiritual person having or holding any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, whereupon or wherein there shall be no house of refid tnce} or where the

house

520

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

[180^.

house of residence shall be unfit for the residence of such 4cfir fiattical person, such unfitnefsnot being occasioned by any nc' ligenee, default, or other misconduct of such ecclesiastical peril such spiritual person keeping such house of residence in foehn pair as shall be to the satisfaction of the bishop; and also to: spiritual person having or holding any benefice, donative, petual curacy, or parochial chapelry, and having or possessing occupying, in the parish of the same respectively, any mansion messuage belonging to himself or any relative, to reside in fen mansion or messuage, such spiritual person keeping the house of residence, and other buildings belonging thereto, in good sufficient repair and condition, to the satisfaction of the and also to any spiritual person having or holding any 1

fice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapehy* small value, and serving as a stipendiary curate elsewhere, if the licence of the bishop of the dioceie, and providing fort serving of such his benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, parochial chapelry, to the satisfaction of the bishop of his dioeef and also to any matter or usher of any endowed school duly lie by the bishop, and actually employed in teaching the rein, the matter of any other school who now is or shall be, v one month after the passing of this act, duly licer\fed by th& bishop 5 and aljfo to any matter or preacher of hospitals or incorporated charitable foundation, during the period for which hit'may be required to reside by any charter <jr statute of any fu<hf hospital or incorporated charitable foundation, or by any other*/ lawful authority, in the same, and shall actually reside and perform his duties therein; or to any person holding any endowed lectureship, or endowed chapelry, or endowed preachership, and performing and executing the duties thereof respectively; or to any spiritual person having or holding any benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry of small value, and serving as preacher in any proprietary chapel in cities or towns, with the licence of the bishop in whose diocese he shall so officiate; or to the librarians of the British Museum, or of Sion College; or to the trustees of lord Crewe's charity, during the times of their personal attendance on the duties of their office: provided always, that for any such licence thk party obtaining the same shall not pay more to the secretary or officer of the bishop than

the sum of ten shillings, exclusive of any such stamps as may be required by law: provided always, that if any spiritual person je/uf^of applying to any bishop for any such licence, shall think himself licences, may aggrieved by the refusal thereof, it shall be lawful for such fpi-

appeal tpthe ritual person to appeal to the archbishop of the province, who shall forthwith, either by himself, or some commissioner or of appointed from among the other bishops of his province, under his hand, make, or cause to be made, inquiry into the same, and by writing, signed by himself, confirm such refusal, or grant a licence under this act, as shall seem just and proper: provided nevertheless, that the party appealing shall give

ftt for

licences.

Persons

*1 rei

archbishop.

Security to given for

Go<, [e

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 52 t

give security to the bishop for the payment of such reasonable payment of expences occasioned by the appeal, as the archbishop, or hisexpences. commissioner or of, shall award.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the In cases not pa fling of this act, it shall be lawful for any such bishop as afore- enumerated, laid, in any cases not herein-before enumerated, in which, under all the circumstance^ of any such case, such bishop shall cences, and think it expedient to grant to any such spiritual person possessed aiHgn salaries of any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, to cVra[*f or parochial chapelry, a licence to reside out of the proper house oyed' of residence, or out of the parish, as the case may be, or as the case may appear to such bishop to require, and to assign, in any case in which the stipendiary curate may be employed to do the duty of such spiritual person, such salary as he shall judge fit to appoint, due respect being had to the value of the benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, and to all the other circumstances of the case: provided always, that in every R^afons for such case the nature and special circumft^nces thereof, and the granting them reasons that have induced such bishop to grant such licence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the archbishop of the ^bishop C province to which such bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, for examina-by himself, or by some commissioner or of appointed tion and also r that purpose from among the bishops of such province, bylowance* writing under his hand, which commissioner or of is and are thereupon authorised to take upon himself or themselves the execution of the said commission, examine into such case, and make such inquiries as to any particulars relating thereto, as such archbishop, or commissioner or of so appointed as aforesaid, may think necessary; and after such inquiries made by himself, of where the same shall be made by such commissioner or of, after a return of the substance thereof, in writing, to such archbishop, such archbishop shall thereupon allow or disallow such licence, in the whole or in part, or make any alteration therein as to the period for which the same may have been granted, or otherwise, and likewise as to the stipend assigned to the curate, as to such ardhbishop shall seem fit; and no such licence shall be good, valid, or effectual under this act for any purpose whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such archbishop; such allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such archbishop: provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such licence to specify the cause of granting the same: provided also, that no licence Licences not granted under this act shall be made void by the death or removal to be void by* of the bishop or archbishop granting the same, but the same shall be and remain good and valid notwithstanding any such death or th^grantor, removal, unless the same shall be revoked by the next or any unless revoked succeeding bishop or archbishop, as the case may require: pro- by the fuc-vided also, that any spiritual person may appeal against any such cessor* revocation by the bishop alone, in like manner as is> hereinbefore directed in case of any refusal of any licence: provided Archbishops,

also, in their re-

cetes, may grant licences.

Fees may be ordered to be paid by appellants*

522 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.;

spective dio- also, that the respective archbishops may, in their relief cefes of which they are bifllops, grant licences und$r|£

visions and regulations in this act contained, in'aff. q which any licences maybe granted by any bishop un<Jei' either by his own authority, or with the allowance and Sr of the archbishop as aforesaid: provided also, that it(])|111 ful for any such archbishop to order and direct such fees and charges to be paid by any such spiritual person aj as aforesaid, in respect of any such proceedings as afail Colts may be he shall in his discretion think fit: provided always, tttar!

sequestration ca^e w^en any co^s an(* c^arges directed by such arcl^ q*bishop as aforesaid shall remain unpaid, for the period

one days after demand thereof left at the usual or abode of the person liable to the payment, it shall be such bishop or archbishop respectively to cause the laijc recovered by sequestration of the profits of the dignity, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chaj such spiritual person as aforesaid, and which fequefyr&l archbishop or bishop are respectively hereby empowered

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted*

shall be lawful for any bishop or archbishop, who t granted any licence for non-residence as aforesaid, or any time or successors of any such bishop or archbishop, to retold such licence, in any case in which it may appear to him e proper and expedient td revoke the same: provided aHcy tt licence for nonrresidence granted under this act shall df in force for mbre than two years from the granting the n

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such bM archbishop, who shall grant or revoke any licence under shall and he is hereby required to cause a copy of such licer revocation to be filed in the registry of the diocese within such dignity, prebend, benefice, donative', perpetual curacj parochial chapelry, in respect whereof any such licence lh| granted or revocation made, shall be locally situate; alphabetical lift of such' licences and revocations shall be out by the registrar of the said diocese, and entered in a book kept for the inspection of all persons, upon payment of the of two shillings, and no more; and a copy of every such lie and revocation, with respect to any benesite, donative, perp curacy, Or parochial chapelry, shall be transmitted to the chL wardens of the parish to which the same relates, within.

pablieklyrcad nponth after the grant of such licence or 'revocation therecypo visitation. deposited in the parish chest; and a copy 1

same shall likewise be publickly read at the visitation of 1 ' deacon of the archdeaconry within which the benefice, i perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, in respect where licence shall have been granted or revocation made, ft locally fittfate, immediately next succeeding the granting < vocation thereof.

A lift of

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every

licences archbishop who shall confirm in manner directed by this act any

confirmed by licen«

Licences, may be revoked.

None to be in force more than a years.

Copies of licences or revocations to be filed in the registry of the diocese, and a list kept for inspection; and copies of certain licences and revocations to be transmitted to churchwardens, and

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84, 52.3

licence or licences in any case or cases not enumerated in this the archway or who shall grant any licence in his own diocese, shall annually, on or before the thirty-first day of January in each year, transmit to his Majesty in council a list of all such licences so be annually confirmed or granted respectively as aforesaid, in the year ending transmitted on the last day of December preceding such thirty-first day of f0*11 Ma" January; and shall, in every such lift, specify the reasons trans-Jc*| may mitted to him by the bishops of the several dioceses, for granting revoke li* the said licences, and the reasons which have induced him to conces, &c. confirm the same, and also the reasons which have induced him to grant any such licence as aforesaid within his own diocese; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty in council, by any order made for th&t purpose, to revoke and annul any such licence; and if his Majesty in council shall think fit so to do, the same shall be transmitted to the archbiflaop vyho shall have confirmed or granted such licence, who shall thereupon cause a copy of every such order made in relation to any licence confirmed by him as afofe mentioned to be transmitted to the bishop of the diocese in which such licence shall have been granted, who shall thereupon cause a copy of the mandatory part of the said order to be filed in the registry of such diocese, and a like copy to be delivered to the churchwardens of the parish to which the same relates, in manner herein-before directed as to licences under this act; and every such archbishop shall cause a copy of the mandatory part of every such order, made in relation to any such licence as aforesaid grant-

ed by him in his own diocese, to be in like manner filed in the registry of his diocese, and a like copy also to be delivered to the churchwarden of the parish to which such licence shall relate, in manner before mentioned.

XXIV. Provided always, That after such licence shall have Between the'been so revoked by his Majesty in council, the same shall never-

theless, in all questions that shall have arisen or may thereafter

arise,; touching the non-residence of the spiritual person to it shall be

whom the same shall have been granted, between the period at deemed valid.

which the same were granted or confirmed, and the time at which the same shall be so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken

to be, and to have been valid and effectual to the intents and

purposes of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the °n or before twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and five,

and at the like period in every succeeding year, a return or re- annually, a° turns shall be made, to his Majesty in council, by every such return shall archbishop and bishop % of the names of every dignity, prebend, be made to benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, and parochial chapelry, of

within their respective dioqefes, or subject to their respective emy ^enc-jurisdictions, by virtue of this act; and the names of the several fice, See. and, persons possessing the same, who shall not have resided thereon by of the per fans reafqn of any exemption under or by virtue of this act or any other act, or by reaion of any licence granted by such archbishop thereon; L or bishop respectively, for any and what cause enumerated by and every

this non-residenf

1*04, by exemption, without licence, shall yearly notify

a certain period.

524 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [iJ

after Jan. j. this a c1; and a I To of all the person* poffit fling the same, having any such exemption or licence, who shall not have| sided on such dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, pec curacy, or parochial chapelry, so far as the bishop is W thereof; and for the purpose of enabling the archbishopa the nature of bifl^ops to make such return as aforesaid, every person who ttf^within* in any year subsequent to the first day of Jar

in the year one thousand eight hundred and four, by reafi any exemption under this act or any other act, and to him to which it is not necessary to obtain any licence under i aft, shall, within six weeks from and after the first day of in every following year, notify the same in writing, under % hand, to the archbishop or bishop of the diocese to whosejtr diction he is subject by this act, or otherwifq, in respect of f dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or rochial chapelry, specifying the nature of such exemption: vided always, that it shall be lawful for the person making i notification, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the regii of such diocese as aforesaid, a duplicate of such notification^ writing, and which duplicate such registrar is hereby requin*filed, and his g)e and preserve in the registry of such diocese \ and in ail4 SaU be*© vi-n w&ch any question shall arise, whether any such perfo^ib aforesaid has made such notification as is required by this aforesaid* a copy of such duplicate, certified under the haaMf the registrar of the diocese for the time being, together time of filing the same, and which certificate such registr'ai^ie hereby required to give, upon application for that purpose mMe by or on behalf of the party interested, shall be deemed and taton to be evidence that the party required to make such notification as aforesaid hath made the same.

XXVI. And, to the intent to enforce such persons as aforesaid from time to time duly to make such notification as afore-&?Ln faW» be^naaed, That if any person shall wilfully negtai to not be entitled roake such notification as aforesaid, the person so neglecting mail to exemption, not be or be deemed to be entitled, from and after the expiration of such six weeks, to the benefit of such exemption as aforesaid, until he shall have made such notification in writing; and such person so wilfully neglecting to make such notification as aforesaid, notwithstanding such subsequent notification, shall not be or be deemed to be entitled to such exemption in respect of any non-residence which shall have taken place between the expiration of such six weeks, and the time of making such subsequent notification; and in ?11 cases in which any question shall arise, whether such neglect was wilful, the same shall be taken to have been wilful, unless the contrary is proved by the person claiming.such exemption,

b^cadJ^In

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

barPofaftion1; for any spiritual person to whom any such licence for noa-and in case*residence shall have been granted, and against whom any action of nonsuit, shall thereafter be brought for any penalty or forfeiture under this

A duplicate of such notification may be delivered to the registry to be

dence of its being made.

Persone neglecting to

Ire. the de*

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 525

this of any other act, by reason of any non-residence, or any fendant shall matter or tfcing relating where to any licence under this act has have been granted, to plead such licence in bar of any such atfion:; and if the plaintiff in such suit or action shall be nonsuit, or shall idiscontinue any such suit or action after any plea of licence shall have been pleaded thereto under this act, then and iniuch case the defendant in such suit or action shall have full costs of suit;

nd if in any such (hit or action a verdict shall be given for the defendant, the defendant shall have treble costs, and have the like temedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to re*. c$v$r costs by law,

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That By whom ii-during the vacancy of any fee, the power of granting licences cences may be tinder this act, subj^jft to the regulations therein contained, shall granted, while be exsercifed by the vicar-general of the diocese; and that during the the absence of any prelate out Of the realm, or such infirmity as prelate abfeutv disables him from exercising in person the functions of his office, &c, itlbaH be exercised by such person or persons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercise his general jari&i&ion in the diocese,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, Tha^ nothing in this a&A&notto contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to exempt any exempt from' person or persons from any canonical or ecclesiastical censures, or residenc^ ffedfc any proceedings that shall hereafter be instituted in any ec- without li-defiaftital court, in order to cause the same to be inflicted in rela- cence; but td tion to the non-residence of any spiritual person, having or hold- cenfute for ing any benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chap-«ceedS dry, not being duly licensed according to the provisions of this three months act to be absent therefrom, nor having any other lawful cause of in one year, absence: provided always, that, from and after the passing of shall be put in this act, no such censures by reason of any non-residence, notfoiCe* "?r any exceeding three moAths in any one year, shall be put in force, {^admitted nor shall any proceeding be admitted in act, ecclesiastical court except at the against any such spiritual person for such non-residence not ex-suit of the ceeding three months in any one year, at the suit or instance archdeacon any person or persons other than the archbishop, bishop, or arch- arc eac0IU deacon only of the diocese and archdeaconry within such benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, in respect

whereof such non-residence shall have taken place, shall be locally situated; any thing in any law or laws, or ecclesiastical canon or capons, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which If any unl»'-

it shall appear to any such bishop or archbishop as aforesaid, that censed person any spiritual person having or holding any benefice, donative, ftefen^re- perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, and not being licensed side, the according to this act to be absent therefrom, nor having any other bishop may lawful cause of absence from the same, does not sufficiently reside l^ue a on the same respectively, it shall be lawful for such bishop or arch-^to bishop to issue, or cause to be issued, a monition, to such spiritual person, forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the duties thereof, and to mak^ a return to such monition

quii ed to be upon oath.

Where re-

526 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84.

tion within a certain number of days after the iflurng^l

so as that in every such case there shall be thirty daystt

the time of delivering such monition to such spiritaal pH

leaving the same at his then usual or last place of abofl* \

not there to be found, with the officiating minister, ofri

the churchwardens, and also at the house of residence (if

there be) belonging to such benefice, donative, perpetua

or parochial chapelry, to which any such spiritual perfoiti

required by such monition to proceed and reside thereoOjpilttd

the time specified in such monition for the return thereto $Aid

every such monition shall immediately on the issuing the redgjbt

filed in the registry, and open for inspection on the paynelEef

Returns to be two shillings, and no more; and the spiritual person tfr

made to roo- any such monition shall be sent under this act, shall, w

may be 7e« Ch t*mc Specified for that purpose, make a return thereto; and;

y: be lawful for the bishop or archbishop to whdm any such rettn

be made, tQ require such return, oranyfafts contained therein

verified by the oath of such spiritual person, or others, to be t '

before some surrogate or matter extraordinary in chancery*

oath any such surrogate or matter extraordinary in chancery is

wucrc ic byauthorised and required to ad mi nifter, on application betngMljple

t^rns shall not for that purpose; and in every case where no such return stane

be made, or made, cr where such return shall not state such reasons as (hank

not be satis- deemed satisfactory by such bishop or archbishop for the

bishop^naCC re*1(*ence spiritual person to whom such monition shall Mfe

order refi- been as aforesaid, or where the same or any of the fastsdpi-

dence, and if tained therein shall not be so verified up^n oath as afore|||9i

disobeyed, when the same shall have been required, then and in such ca&it

may sequester shall be lawful for such bishop or archbishop to issue anorderin the profits at ., ., 1.r r, r Jr

the benefice, writing, under his hand and seal, to require such person to pi£-

and direct an ceed to and reside as aforesaid, within thirty days after such outer application \n writing, or a copy thereof, shall have been delivered or lefcin like manner as is herein-before required as to monitions; and ra case of non-compliance, it shall be lawful for/uch bishop or arda* bishop to sequester the profits of such benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapehy of such spiritual person* as aforesaid, until such order shall be complied with, or such ficient reasons for non-residence dated and proved as afore&fif; and to direct, by any order to be made for that purpose underbid hand, the application of such profits, after deducting the necessary expences of serving the cure, either in the whole or in Ibch proportion as he shall think fit, in the first place, to the payment of such reasonable expences as shall have been incurred in relation to such monition and sequestration, and in the next plate towards the augmentation or improvement of any such parsonage, vicarage, donative, or perpetual curacy, or the house of resideope thereof, or any of the buildings and appurtenances thereof, or towards the improvement of any of the glebe or demesne lamb thereof; or may order and direct the same, or any portion thereof; to be paid to the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the

augmentation

thereof.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 527

augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, to be applied for the purpose of such augmentation as such bishop or archbishop shall in his discretion, under all the circumstances, think fit and expedient j and it shall also be lawful for any such bishop or archbifilop, within six months, after such order for sequestration, or within six months after any money shall have been actually levied by such sequestration, to remit tp any such spiritual person any part or proportion of such sequestered profits,

or cause the same or any part thereof that shall have been or directed to be paid to such governors of Queen Anne's bounty to be repaid to fych spiritual person, which repayment the said governors are hereby authorised and required, upon an order under the hand of any such bishop or archbishop, to make out of any money then in their hands, or if no money shall then be in their hands, out of the next money that shall come to their hands, in any case in which by reason of the subsequent obedience of any such spiritual person to any such monition or order, or the dating and proving such sufficient reasons as aforesaid, such bishop or archbishop shall think the same proper: provided Appeal against always, that when any such spiritual person shall think himself sequestrations aggrieved by reason of any such sequestration issued by any bishop, may be made it shall be lawful for any such spiritual person within fifteen days to the arch-after the making any order for any such sequestration as aforesaid, and upon such notice thereof, to be served in like manner as the mqnition herein-before direc1ed, to appeal to the archbishop of the province to which such bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or Tome commissioner or of appointed from among the bishops of his province for that purpose, under his hand and leal, make or cause to be made due inquiry into the same, and make such order therein or relating thereto, or to the profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the return to such spiritual person, of the same or any part thereof, or otherwise, as shall, under all the circumstances of the case, appear to such archbishop (after such inquiry made by himself or by'his commissioner or of, and in the latter case, after the substance of such inquiry shall have been returned in writing to the said archbishop) to, be just and proper: provided always, Appellant to that the party so appealing shall give security to the bishop for the ?ive security payment of such reasonable expences occasioned by the appeal as t(lr Payraent the archbishop or his commissioner or of shall award: pe e

provided also, that no such order for any sequestration shall be put in force during such appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Persons who spiritual person to whom any such monition or order in \yriting return to shall be sent as aforesaid under this act, who shall be at the time monftion, of the issuing thereof absent from residence in or upon his bene- shall p*y the fice, his donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, con- colts, trary to the provisions of this act, but who shall, in obedience to such monition or order, forthwith return to due residence, and the profits of whose benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or

parochial

If any person returning to, residence on monition, shall before six months thereafter absent himself; the hi (hop may without monition fequef-

548 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. [t

parochial chapelry, shall, by reason of such return, not blltfc-qadfcred, shall nevertheless pay all costs, charges, £nd expcNfcs incurred by reason of the issuing and ferying such monitiol^pr order; to be levied as any cost may be levied on any spir#S|«l person by any archbishop or bifhdp, under any of the provi&bs of this act. ic

XXXII. And, to the intent effectually to enforce bond side refid#fy, according to the intent and iheaning of such monitions and oraeri'Ai aforesaid, be it further enacted, That if any spiritual person 44>t licensed under this act to be absent from his benefice, donatfft, perpetual curacy, 00 parochial chapelry, nor having other latlfiil pause of absence from the same, who, after any such monition br order as aforesaid, requiring his residence, and before or a&r any such sequestration as aforesaid, shall, in obedience to filth monition or order, have begun to reside upon his benefice, Alter the pro- nat, ve> perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, shall afterwai's fits of the be- anc* before the expiration of six months next after the commenet-netice. ment of such residence, in the judgement and without the leave of such archbishop or bishop, begin wilfully to absent himself from such benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, it shall be lawful for such archbishop or bishop, without issuing any other monition, or making any other order, again to sequester and apply the profits of such benefice, donative, ptf-petual curacy, or parochial chapelry, as is before directed by this act for the purpose of enforcing the residence of such Spiritual v person, according to the true intent of the original monition issued

by such archbishop or biftlop aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the archbishop or bishop so to proceed in like cases from time to time, as often as oecalion may require: provided, that, in each and every of such cases, such spiritual person shall be entitled to appeal against such sequestration, in such manner and upon such terms as herein-before is and are mentioned, touching appeals respecting sequestrations; but nevertheless the same shall be in force during such appeal.

If a clerk shall

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk shall 2?rIUC-2n" continue under any sequestration made under the provisions of three* ^, s a<^or non"residence for the space of three years, or shall, years, or in- under the provisions of this act, incur three sequestrations in the said space of three years, not being relieved, with respect to any of such sequestrations, upon appeal, the benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, in relation to non-residence upon which such sequestrations shall have been made* shall be-become void, come ipso facto void, and the patron or person entitled to present or nominate some clerk thereto, other than the clerk who shall have so continued under such sequestration or sequestrations, as if the same had been avoided by the natural death or resignation of the party.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all contracts or agree-teT'passing this ments made after the paflinigof this act, for the letting of houses ting hmiibVin re^ence' or the buildings, gardens, and orchards, appurte-which any nances necessary for the convenient occupation of the same, be*

longing

cur three sequestration r within that riod, the efice shall

peri

ben

Contracts af-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. 529

longing to any benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial spiritual per* chapelry, to which houses of residence any spiritual person shall be ^derof the required, by order of the archbishop or bishop as aforesaid, to pro- bishop be re-ceed and to reside therein, a copy of which order shall, immediately guiped to re-on the issuing thereof, be transmitted to one of the churchwardens nde, shall be of the parish, and be by him forthwith served on the occupier of persons^hold-such house of residence, or left a^ the same*, and which such fng poQeflloia churchwarden is hereby required to serve accordingly, shall be after the day null and void j and any person continuing to hold any such house appointed, of residence, or any such building, garden, orchard, or premises, ^p^lty after the day on which the said spiritual person shall be directed but in cates of by the said order to reside in such house of residence, and after contrails be-service of such copy as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of forty fofe shillings for every day he shall, without the permission of tnuhree"^ archbishop or bishop in writing for that purpose obtained^ wilfully montlie after continue to hold any such house, building, garden, orchard, or service on the premises, to be recovered and applied in like mannfer as the occupier, &c. penalties for non-residence are directed to be recovered and applied by the provisions of this act; but in cases of such contracts or agreements made before the passing of this act, the person holding Sjnd occupying under any such contract or agreement shall not be liable to any penalty for three calendar months from the time Of the service of the copy of such order of the archbishop or bishop as aforesaid upon such occupier, of at such house of residence as aforesaid, and sequestration shall not issue for disobedience to the order of the archbishop or bishop for three calendar months, to be computed from the service of the'copy of the said order, at the expiration of which time it shall be lawful for the archbishop or bishop to issue sequestration; and from and after the expiration of which time the party continuing to hold any such house, building, garden, orchard, premises, or appurtenances as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every day he shall wilfully continue without such permission in writing as aforesaid to bold the same, or any of them, to be recovered and applied in like manner as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Nq person

no spiritual person shall liable to any penalties under this or nalty for non-any former act* for not residing in such house of residence during residence, such time as such tenant shall continue to occupy such house while the te-of residence, and other buildings necessary to the occupation of nantfhali-the same. - ' continue to

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That jf an Tdion where any action, suit, bill, plaint, or information shall have been be broughtfor commenced or brought against any spiritual person to whom any non-refidfence monition shall be sent as aforesaid, before the issuing thereof, before issuing for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason of the non-refi-

dence of any such spiritual person before the issuing, of such satisfy penalty monition, then and in such case the bishop or archbishop fend- andcoits, ing such monition as aforesaid, shall upon notice of such action shall be re-, or suit, cause to be retained the profits, or so much of the profits ^profits of of the benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial cha-bcacfice. Voi*. XLIV. Mm pelfy

monition, uo action shall nave been commenced, none shall be afterwards brought, &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84* [ 11

pelry, in respect whereof such action or suit shall be brought, monition issued as aforesaid, and which may under this; 'sequestered as aforesaid, as will be sufficient to satisfy any [ or penalties for which any such action or suit shall be bre together with such costs as the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein 1 be entitled to, if any, and shall, if a verdict shall be given the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, and final judjgep obtained therein, after deducing all the charges which I, have been occasioned by the find sequestration, to the bishopj archbishop, or any person or persons who shall have therein under his authority, pay or cause to be paid to plaintiff or plaintiffs the sum or sums of money that shall covered in any such action or suit, to the plaintiff or pla^t'mC t^ere*n: provided always, that if at the time of filing any any monition as aforesaid, no adiqn for any such penalty or forteil shall have been already commenced against such spirituat [ then and in such case no such action, suit, bill, plaint, formation shall be afterwards brought for any penalty < feiture incurred by reason of any non-residence of such f person before the issuing of such monition, or during any j ceedings that may be had under such monition; and if any f action or suit shall be To commenced, the defendant thercipi plead, in bar thereof, that such a monition as aforesaid Ins i in respect of the same parsonage, vicarage, donative, per curacy, or parochial chapelry; and such defendant, unless application to the court, the fatne shall be dispensed with, upon pleading such (natter, file or cause to be filed an aflidav the said court, thereby stating, that, according to the beha the defendant, the bishop, or archbishop who has issued or such monition to be issued, is proceeding or intends to pro upon the said, monition, to the intent to make the same eff to the intents and purposes of this act, otherwise such pica i not be good or available in the law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and the passing of this act, 00 oath shall be required of or takes be required of any vicar, in relation to residence on his vicarage; any bir» «>y vicar. custom, constitution, or usage, to the contrary thereof ofc withstanding.

XX X V 111. And be it further ena£M, That from and astir tittspre^nds, Pang of this act, all and every the clauses, provisions, benefices, &c! naides, and forfeitures in this act contained in relation to dence, or to any other matters and things relating thereto, extend and he deemed and conftcucd to extend to all digr prebends, benefices, donatives, perpetual curacies, and parochial chapelries, exempt as well as not exempt, end 0 peculiars, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes a* if lit same had been and were in this act particularly mentioned an!

Arc b bishop, huhop, and

No oath relating to re-iidenoe

specified; any thing in any act or acts, law or laws, to the trary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every archbi&op, bishop, and archdeacon, within the limits of whose province,

stiocefe,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 84. jjt

diocese, or jurisdiction respectively, any dignity, benefice, dona*- archdeacon, tive, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry respectively, exempt withm whole or peculiar, shall be locally situate, shall have, use, and exercise, province^dio-all the powers and authorities necessary for the due execution by cefe, or juris-them respectively, of the provisions and purposes of this act, and diction fhdi for enforcing the Came with regard thereto respectively, as such locajly* archbishop, bishop, and archdeacon respectively would have used and exercised, if the same were not exempt or peculiar, biit exempt or were subject in aUrespects to the jurisdiction of such archbishop, peculiar, shall bishop, or archdeacon; and ilfo that where any benefice, do- "*V€ native, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, exempt or pecu- fheyCwe*e not liar, shall be locally situate within the limits of more than one so; and where province, diocese, or jurisdiction, or where the same, or any of any such be-them, (half be locally situate between the limits of any two or 55 more of such provinces, dioceses, or jurisdictions, or any of in more thari them, the archbishop or bifhpp to the cathedral church of whose one province, province or diocese, the parish church of the same respectively &c. or be-shall be nearest in local situation, shall have, use, and exercisewe.en^all the powers and authorities which are necessary for the due thcarchbi^of execution of the provisions of this act, and enforcing the same or bishop to* with regard thereto respectively, as such archbishop or bishop whose cattoe-could have used, if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but dral were subject in all respects to the jurisdiction of such archbishop benearefty*or bishop respectively; and the same, for all the purposes of this fl, au hav/tke aft, shall be deemed and taken to be within the limits of the like powers, province or diocese of such archbishop or bishop; and the same shall also, for the purposes of this act, be taken to be within the archdeaconry of, and be subject to the jurisdiction of such archdeacon as hath jurisdiction as such over the parish, the parish church of which is nearest to the church of such benefice, donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial chapelry, exempt or peculiar; Peculiars any thing in any act or acts, law or laws, usage or usages, or be subject to other matter or thine to the contrary notwithstanding: provided, the arch bishop that the peculiars belonging to any archbishoprick or bishoprick, or bishop to though locally situated in another diocese, &all continue subject to the archbishop or bishop to whom they belong, as well for thou^'situate, the purposes of this act, as for all other purposes of ecclesiastical in another jurisdiction in the laws whatsoever. diocese.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Act not to thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or affect his Majesty's royal prerogative in the gat[ve granting of dispensations for non-residence upon benefices, as granting dif-the same now exists by haw; nor to affect any privileges of clerks pensations, retained in his Majesty's ferviGe under the statute passed in the "l^rks rftaba-ninth year of Edward the Second, intituled, Clerks in the King's iinJsfer-service shall be discharged of their residence^ but shall becorrecied by vice under their ordinary. Ed. a. c. 8.

XLI. Andy to the intent to avoid all doubts, be it enacted, That No archbishop no archbishop or bishop having, or who shall have, any dignity, prebend, benefice, donative, or perpetual cure, shall, by season the p^irics

MM2 of for non>refi-

dence.

No penalty of non-residence upon the same, be subject or liable t shall be incur- penalties or forfeitures.

rafonderthi8

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Tha residence°n* future or penalty shall be incurred under or by virtue dj prior to Jan. statute for any act of non-residence committed prior to, 1804.5 day of January one thousand eight hundred and four. nor for farm-

XLIII. Provided also, That no penalty for farming ing under this incurred by any spiritual person, under this or any other I Mils till the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and f 5, 1804. 1

XLIV. Provided also, That no provision in this Ad not to tained shall extend or be construed to extend beyond th

extend be- of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called.l

yond England.

if any *cu'

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That i

b«n fuedouth arry action, bill, plaint, or information, in which any* between July fl»all have been obtained prior to the passing of this act,

7, 1803, and cUtion shall have been sued out at any time between the! the day after day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, andtH the'ud e after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful, after 'may direct theng of this act, for any judge of the court in which fitch repayment of bill, plaint, or information shall be depending, upon the)so much of cation of the defendant, to direct, by any rule or ord" coto'lerieTas P*a'nt'^or plaintiffs who shall have levied under any fu exceeds wfiat cution, to repay to the defendant so much of the pen; the defendant feitures, and costs levied by such execution, as the would have levied shall exceed the amount of what such defendant if^no execu-° ^avc been liable to pay in penalty, forfeiture, and costs, 6 tion had been of them, as the case might be, if no execution had beer sued out. out against such defendant, and such defendant had

under this act to such judge to discontinue the proceeding such action, bill, plaint and information before execution .1 out; and such judge and defendant respectively shall havti power to enforce obedience to such order or rule, in like 1 as obedience to any order or rule of such court, or any jud court, can or may be enforced.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act to enable his Majesty more to raise and, in

Ireland, an additional military force for the better defence and security if the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous

of the war.

[July 11, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more defence and

security of the united kingdom against the avowed itsigns of the enemy, and for the vigorous prosecution of the that a ftnng

additional fope should be forthwith raised and in Ireland,

in manner herein after mentioned, to be applied to the better defence and security of the united kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's uioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 333

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

Eafliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Governors is Majesty's governors and deputy governors of counties and anc* places in Ireland^ constituted and appointed by virtue or acting counties! kc* In the execution of the several acts of parliament relating to the to put this militia of Ireland^ for the counties, cities, towns, and places in into exc-Ireland herein after mentioned, shall respectively have full power cutioa* and authority, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to call together, levy, and enrol, such persons, and in such manner, as is herein after directed, and to do all acts, matters, and things, necessary for carrying this act into execution, in like manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as they are respectively authorised, empowered, or required to carry into execution an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia ^Ireland; and another act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, to explain and ameod the said recited act of the thirty-third year aforesaid; and another act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, to explain and amend the laws in force relating to the said militia, or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the militia of Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That the number of private Number of men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be as follows; (that Privat£ is to say): For the county of Antrim, including the town and county of the town of Carrickfergus9 two hundred and eighty; for the county of Armagh two hundred and eighty; for the county of Carlow two hundred and ten; for the county of Cavan two hundred and ten; for the county of plare two hundred and ten; for the county of Cork five hundred and seventy; for the county of the city of Cork two hundred and eighty; for the bounty of Donegal three hundred and fifty; for the county of Down four hundred and twenty-five; for the county of the city of Dublin two hundred and eighty; for the county of Dublin two hundred and ten; for the county of Fermanagh two hundred^ and ten; for the ebunty of Gakuay, including the town and county of the town of Galway, three hundred and fifty; for the county of Kerry two hundred and eighty; for the county of Kildare two hundred and ten; for the county of Kilkenny^ including the county of the city of Kilkenny, two hundred and eighty; for Kings County two hundred and eighty; for the county of Leitrim two hundred and ten; for the county of Limerick two hundred and eighty; for the county of the city of Limerick two hundred and ten; for the county of Londonderry three hundred and fifty; for the county of Longford two hundred and ten; for the county of Louthy including the town and county of the town of Drogheda, three hundred and fifteen; for the <ft>unty of Mayo ^five hundred; for the county of Meath two hundred and eighty; for the county of Monaghan two hundred

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. [1803.

and eighty; for Qjutn'i County two hundred and ten; for tto county of Roscommon two hundred and eighty; for the county of Sligo two hundred and ten; for the county of Tipperary them'hundred and fifty; for the county of Tyrone three hundred w4 fifty; for the county of Waterford^ including the city and county of the city of Waterford) two hundred and eighty; 'for {he county of Westmeath two hundred and ten; for the county of Wexford three hundred and fifty; and for the county of fVickUuy two hundred and ten.

nant and

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and privy council may he lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or of Ireland to governors of Ireland, for the time being, and the privy council sixthenum- of Ireland\ to ascertain, fix, 'and declare the number of men the county of which the county of Louth and the county of the town of &rog-£outh, and &eda shall respectively furnish towards the said number of three the county of hundred and fifteen, hereby required to be r?ifed by the said r\C 1 county Louth) including the town and county of the town Of

Sah respect Drogheda \ and that such number shall be so ascertaingd, affixed, lively furnish.an(^ declared, by an order of council, to be made and transcaitted to the governors of the said county of Louth, and to the mayor of the said town of Drogheda, respectively, within ten days after the passing of this act, or as soon after as may be. hithig^o18 rC-

IV. And be it further enacted, That all provisions, directions, counties shall clauses, matters, and things whatever in this act contained, re« extend to all lating to counties, shall extend and be construed to extend cities, towns, to aii towns, and places in Ireland* required to provide

auiredtopror UH^cr act* as an^ an*ply as if they were feverelly vide men.*and respectively repeated with relation to such cities, towns, and places respectively.

General ifieet. V. And be it further enacted, That a general meeting of the ings of the governor or governors and deputy governors, or of three deputy governors at the least, shall be held in each county in Ireland within ten days after the passing of this act, or as Yoon after as may be; and at such general meeting the said governor or go*-ber of yernors or deputy governors, or such of them as shall be pretatt

or each^such meetjng9 Oiall respectively apportion and divide every such county into such subdivision6 as they shall think most expedient for the purposes of this act, and shall appoint die number of men to be raised for and by every such fobdivision, and also and nur^l)er to be respectively raised for and by every parish or

ders to the other place within any such subdivision, which number so appointed constables to shall be the quota or proportion that each of such subdivisionf amend lifts, or ancj eac[> parish or place therein shall respectively furnish towards obes amTtohe number of men herein-before required to be furnished by affix them to the county at large; and the governor or governors, or deputy the church governors, or such of them as shall be present at such general

door?, &c, meeting, shall also appoint the days for the first fobdivision

meetings to be holdeo for the purposes herein after mentioned, gnd shall issue orders to all constables to amend the lifts already returned under the several acts relating to the militia of Ireland^ Of to furnifo new lifts, as the case mm require, in manner

directed

vernors, &c. in each county shall appoint the number of men subdivision, &c. and the days for the first subdivi-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. '535

directed by the said acts, having regard, where necessary, to the number of yeomanry corps ^enrolled in any of the said subdivisions, in manner herein after mentioned, so that the names of all persons liable to be ballotted for service under or by virtue of this act shall be inserted in such lifts, and that the names of all persons exempted from serving under this act shall be struck out of such lifts; and to affix such lifts or amended lifts to the doors of the1 churches of their respective parishes, or other wise, according to the directions they shall receive from the said governor or governors, or deputy governors at such general meeting, so that due publick notice may be given of the same; and to give notice, in manner directed by the several acts relating to the militia of Ireland, of the days of appeal by persons claiming to be exempted from service under this act, which appeals are hereby directed to be heard and determined on the days respectively appointed for such first subdivision meeting.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said constables shall Constables to accordingly without any delay proceed to amend such lifts, or to amend lifts, form such new lifts; which lifts shall contain the names of all ones^ffix* persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, not being lish/aod gi*e exempted by this act, and such persons shall accordingly be notice of ajK liable to be ballotted and to serve under this act; and such con- P^8*

(tables shall affix the said lifts, and give such notice of appeal, in

manner as by the said acts relating to the militia of Ireland, as well as by this a#, is respectively directed with respect to appeals on account of exemptions from service, previous to the said first subdivision meeting to be appointed under this act, as hereinbefore mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exemptions* person being a commissioned officer in his Majesty's other forces,

whether regular or militia, now embodied, or in any one of his Majesty's cattles or forts, nor any officer on the half pay of the army, navy, or friarines, nor any non-commissioned officer or private man serving in any of his Majesty's regular or militia forces; nor any person being a resident member of the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, nor any clergyman, nor any teacher in holy orders or pretended holy orders, having acted and officiated as such teacher in any fixed place of worship before the.eighth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, and not carrying on or exercising any trade or other occupation for his livelihood, except that of a schoolmaster; nor any constable or other peace officer; nor any person being and having been on or before the twenty-second day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, an articled clerk, nor any apprentice, being at the passing of this act under the age of twenty-one years; nor any professional seaman or seafaring man actually earning his livelihood as such teaman or seafaring man; nor any person'trained and actually doing duty and mustered in any of his Majesty's docks or dock yards for the service thereof, or actually.T

employed and mustered in.his Majesty's service at the several -; gun wharfs, or at the several powder mills, powder magazines, '

ojf —

Farther exemptions.

or other storehouses belonging to his Majesty, under the din tion of the board of ordnance; nor any poor man having n than one child born in lawful wedlock under ten years of a or infirm; nor any person who has served personally or by 1 jstitute in the militia raised by virtue of any act or acts ing to the militia of Ireland, shall be liable to serve perforta or provide a substitute to serve in the army to be raised by vii of this act, unless by rotation it shall have Come to the turttl any such person to be again ballotted for: provided alwsf that no person who has served in any of his Majesty's regtl »*forces, or as a substitute or volunteer in the militia of IreL and hath been discharged from or quitted the same, shall, such service, be exempted from serving in the said army to*raised by virtue of this act, if he shall be chosen by bailot; that no person or persons shall be exempted from serving in said army to be raised by virtue of this act, who is not here specially exempted, although such person may be exempted fn serving in the militia of Ireland by any act or acts in force i lating to the said militia.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nooffic non-commi fiioned officer, trumpeter, drummer, or private who shall have been duly and actually enrolled and serving, who shall have offered himself and been accepted to serve, on/1 before the twenty-second day- of June one thousand eight hi dred and three, in any troop or company of yeomanry raised continued under an act passed in the last session of pariiamelT intituled An act to enable his MajeJlj to' accept and continue f services of certain troops or companies of yeomanry in Ireland, tl services of which corps shall have been accepted on or before twenty-second day of June one thousand eight hundred an three, and whose services shall extend in cases of aftoalinvafioHJ'* rebellion, or insurrection, or the apprehension thereof, to tkfs military district in which such* corps shall be situate, shall liable to serve personally or provide a substitute to serve in tk|if-army to be raised under or by virtue of this act, so long only he shall actually continue to belong to and serve in such corpse and shall comply with the conditions required by the said a8t for exempting him from serving in the militia.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person,

corpsexTmpt- ln any yeomanry corps as aforesaid, shall be exempted front ed, unless P service under this act, unless he shall have entered his name in entered on a muster roll of such corps for service, on or before the said the mqfter twenty-second day of June, and shall be returned to the clerk fore June subdivision meeting in which subdivision he shall reside,

1S03. > as so entered, by the commanding officer of such corps; and all

Rolls to be commanding officers of such corps are hereby required to return returned to 1 such muster rolls, signed by them respectively, to the clerks of the clerks of the general meetings of their rftpeftive counties, before the day meednes appointed for the first'subdivision meetings under this act.

No person 1And lt further enacted, That no person chosen by ballot 5 feet ainch^t^erve under or by virtue of this act, nor any substitute, being <of the full height of five feet two inches, who shall be otherwise

stout

No person in any yeomanry

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85., 53y

ft out and fit for Service, shall be deemed unfit for Service, or be high shall be liable to be discharged on account of his stature. deemed unfit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the deputy governors Subdivision assembled at such first fabdivision meeting, shall proceed to hear etermme* and determine appeals, on such lifts or amended lifts, from per- apt)ea|8 and fons claiming to be exempted from Service, and after approving fend, dupli-or amending such lifts oh such appeals, shall cause duplicates of cates of lifts such lifts So approved or amended, as the case may be, to be sent^to the clerks of- the general meetings, who shall Severally return °aj abstracts thereof to the chief Secretary of the lord-lieutenant or who (h ill re-other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being; turn abstracts and the said deputy governors at such subdivision meeting'shall° ^Reappoint a Second subdivision meeting, to be holden as Soon as {ord-lieate-conveniently may be, and within one week from the day on nant; shall which such first subdivision meeting was holden, for the purpose appoint meet-of ballotting for the men to serve under this act, for the several !nSs for bal-parishes and places in such subdivision; and the deputy governors, enroufne or^ or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such <jer constables appointment at such second subdivision meeting, shall cause the to give notice number of men apportioned to serve as aforesaid, to be chosento the men to by ballot out of the lift so amended or approved as aforesaid, appear>&c# returned for every parish or place, and shall appoint a third subdivision meeting, to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, and within ten days and not less than seven days, for the purpose of enrolling the men required to serve as aforesaid, and shall issue orders to all or any constables or other officers within such subdivision to give notice to every trian so ballottecLto appear at such meeting; which notice shall be given or left at his place of abode at least three days before such meeting; and such con-fiable, or other officer shall attend such meeting, and make a return upon oath of the days when such notice was served; and Men upon every person so chosen by ballot shall upon such notice appear at notice, shall such meeting, apd shall be enrolled in a roll (to be then and*

there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the army to be raised by virtue of this act, and under the regulations herein after mentioned, ps a private man.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect Redone at or mistake of any of the governors or deputy governors, or any any meeting constables or other officers, or from any other cause, any act or may be done acts, matters or things hereby required to be done at any such at a fahfe-- meeting specified in this act, shall not be performed, it shall be "n?ifthe lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do foil nUmber any such act, matter, or thing, to carry the same into execution should not be at or after any subsequent meeting; and all such acts, matters, enrolledl a, and things, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents be had and purposes, as if the same had been done at the time and in &c 9

the manner required by this act; and if the full number of men appointed for any subdivision should not be duly enrolled at any meeting appointed for that purpose, the deputy governors at.such meeting, or at any subsequent meeting, or any two or*more of them, may, and they are hereby required, immediately to cause

not worth loo/, and cause others to be chosen

538 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85*.

cause any lifts to be amended if necessary, and to pi fresh bailot, and to adjourn their meetings, or ap meetings, as may be expedient for carrying the purL One deputy ad duly and fully into execution; and that it shall be 8?VCrPf? may a#ny onc dePuty g°vcrnor to administer the oaths requr oath^an^re- to be taken by persons to serve under or by vi quire the ad, to any person bal lotted, or to any person often

clerk of the lunteer under the directions of this act, or to any subdivision toftjan offer to as a substitute; and such deputy gq fons fwornfr* hereby authorised to direct and require the cleric of 1 lion for which any person by whom the said oath has him taken is to serve, to enrol the name of every ( together with the date of the day on which the said administered to him, in the roll of such subdivision. Subdivision

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it ng8 ma^ Pear to two or more deputy governors, assembled at art unfit person v*fi°n uneeting, tha; any person who is not seised or pej any estate in land, goods, or money, of the clear val hundred pbunds, and who shall make oath that he is or possessed of fqch estate, and who shall have been ballot to serve under or by virtue of this a Cl, is unable of any infirmity to serve, or is otherwise unfit for tht such deputy governors shall, and they are hereby empo required to discharge such person, and immediately t the lift for the place for which such person shall have lotted, and to cause another person to be chosen in his bailot, according to the directions of this aCh

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, shall be lawful for persons ballotted to serve under or I of this act, to find and produce substitutes, who, being a fit to serve, and approved in manner directed by the (eve

objected toon relating to the militia of Ireland and by this act, shall be t number 0/lC and sworn; and the persons finding such substitutes shall their children, again liable to be ballotted to serve or to find substitutes I under this act, unless it shall again come to the turn of 2, person; and no person produced as a substitute shall be by any deputy governor or deputy governors for or on of the number of his children; any thing'in any for contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person by ballot according to the directions of this act to serv der this act, not being one of the people called r shall neglect or refuse to appear and to take the fa and serve accordingly, or to provide 21 substitute, to proved as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and con Pent to serve as his substitute, every person so ref* neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds whenever any ballot shall take place for the filling up ai cancy or otherwise in the same parish Or place, under the riry of this act, after the expiration of one year from the tl such person being so ballotted as aforesaid, such person "

Persons ballotted may find substitutes, who shall not be

Penalty on persons chosen by ballot (not being quakers), neglecting to serve or to find substitutes.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 539

again liable to be ballotted to serve or provide a substitute 5 and If penalty be

in default of payment of any such penalty, or for want of sufficient effects whereon to levy the same, the name of such person, ^compelled

if fit to serve, and not being of the people called Quakers, shall be to serve.

entered on the roll, and such person shall be delivered over to

Ibme proper officer in his Majesty's service near to such parish

or place, and shall be compelled to serve^ and shall be subject to

the same punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as

he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been

duly sworn and enrolled.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Deputy go-

shall be lawful for the deputy governors to provide, in manner fab-

directed by the said recited acts relating to the militia of Ireland, stitutes for a substitute for any quaker ballotted under this act, and tolevy quakers, and a sum of twenty pounds, by distress and sale, in manner directed may levy a by the said recited acts, on the goods and chattels of the quaker

for whom such substitute shall be provided, and shall pay the expence of'providing such substitute from the amount of the said, penalty, and the overplus (if any) shall be paid and applied as directed by this act.1

XVII. And be it further etoacted, That no man shall be ap- No man (halt proved or enrolled to serve under this act, either as a ballotted he enrolled tilt man or as a substitute or volunteer, until he shall have

carefully examined by some surgeon of competent (kill, and shall 6 ,* have been declared and reported by such surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, nor afflicted with any disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for service; and the deputy governors assembled at their subdivision meetings, or any two deputy governors, shall, in all cases, before they proceed to enrol any man Under this act, cause such examination to be carefully made 5 and it shall be lawful for the The attend-said deputy governors, and they are hereby empowered and J^fu^geons directed to require the attendance of any surgeon or assistant may re-surgeon of any regiment, battalion, or corps of his Majesty's quired. forces or of the militia, or any surgeon or assistant surgeon or mate in any military hospital, or any surgeon or mate on the staff of the forces, if any such medical officer is within a reasonable distance and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require (he attendance of any other competent surgeon for that purpose; and a reasonable allowance, not exceeding in any case Allowance to the sum of two shillings and sixpence for every man so examined, J* raade shall be made to the medical officer performing such examina- attendance^ fion, for every day he shall actually attend for that purpose, and shall be paid in like manner as allowances are by the several acts relating to the militia of Ireland, directed to be made and paid to subdivision clerks.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every man who shall BaUoitedmcn be ballotted under this act to serve in the said army, shall be J56 enrolled to serve within the united kingdom of Great Britain^; t^n certain and Ireland, and within the islands of Guernsey, J<rfey9 and Alder- limits, and

ney, shall take the

o*th.

540 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85- [x

following ney, for the defence of the same, and not elsewhere, for the of five years, and shall take the following oath; that is tt>

A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain an land, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for t fence of the same, for the period of five years, unless I sooner discharged/

i

Substitutes or volunteers shall be liable to serve within certain limits; and shall take the following oath;

and shall be examined as to their fitness to serve, and take an oath to the following effect.

And every substitute or volunteer enrolled to serve in the army under any of the provisions of this act, shall be fia' serve in any part of Great Britain or Ireland\ and wtthi islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and not elsewhere^ shall take the following oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be X ful and bear true alfegiance to his majesty King Georget I do swear that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great tain, and Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and ney, for the defence erf the same, for the period of five years, further until six months after the ratification of a definitive'! of peace with France, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every person enrolled to serve under this act as a fu or volunteer, shall, before such enrolment, be examined oath before the deputy governors, as to his fitness to serve, ' other circumstances; and the oath to be administered to shall be in the words or to the effect: following; that is to fr

1

I A.B. do swear. That I hhve no rupture, nor am I fi_ X to fits, nor am I disabled by lameness or otherwise, but the perfect use of my limbs; and that I am hot an appre nor a seaman or seafaring man; and that I do not belong Majesty's navy, army, or marines, nor to the militia/

XIX. And, in order to facilitate the raising the necessary num The vestry of men with all convenient speed, be it further enacted, That it any parish be ]awful for the inhabitants of any parish in Ireland, at a afiXftnentto meeting held for that purpose of which three days public, providing tice shall be given, specifying the cause of calling such m substitutes or and which meeting every churchwarden is hereby several volunteers, quired to summon, at the desire of any two inhabitants, to ^fonPPUMli-to be feVied by assessment upon the parish such sums as red the ap- shall think proper, not exceeding in the whole the amount plication cf average price of a substitute, (such average price to be fr the money, manner herein after mentioned), for every man directed raised as the quota of such parish, and to apply the same as shall think fit, for providing a sufficient number of perfo serve as substitutes o* volunteers for such parish, accordi

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. $5. 541

'the quota so to be raised in such parish as aforesaid; and that it Yludl be lawful for the said inhabitants, at the said vestry meeting,

Co appoint one or more person or persons to direct and superin-rend the application of such Turns for such purposes, pursuant Co the order of such vestry; and all such sums shall be forthwith raised and levied in like manner, and by all such means, powers* authorities, and persons, and with all such remedies, in case of any rtfufahor omission to pay the same, as any parish ccfs may toy law be raised and levied in Ireland, the overplus, if any, to be applied to any such parochial purposes to which a parish cess rinay by law be applied, as the said vestry shall, at any future meeting to be called for that purpose, direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the governor or governors, The first or deputy governors of each county, at their first general hneet- fen ing, to be holden as herein-before directed for the purpose of this average ad, shall fix ai\d declare what, in their judgement, shall appear price of asub-to them to be a fair and seasonable sum to be paid as the average stitute or price of a substitute or volunteer in the said army. volunteer.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens of Churchwar-such parish shall and may produce such substitutes or volunteers ^uce hTbftu0* so provided as aforesaid, before any deputy governor of the fuh- tutes or vo-division, at any time previous to the day appointed for choosing lunteerstothe the men by ballot in fuel} fabdivision in pursuance of this act.; deputy go-and that it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to ma^pro-provide volunteers to serve for any subdivision, and to produce y^e them, or such volunteers, or for any persons willing to serve to offer offer to serve; themselves to serve for any such division, and to appear before andifapprov-any such deputy governor within such time and at such place as aforesaid, and every person so produced or appearing, who shalle '

be approved of by the said deputy governor as aforesaid, shall and maybe enrolled to serve under this act; and such deputy governor, before whom any such volunteer shall be enrolled, shall cause the clerks of the meetings for the respective subdivisions to enrol the names of all such volunteers, in such' manner as they are required to enrol the names of persons chosen by bailot; and the names of all such volunteers shall be so entered within the respective subdivisions, before the time appointed for ballotting the men within the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the deputy governors Volunteers shall, from time to time, order all such substitutes and volunteers and

to be forwarded to the place of assembly for their respective^counties; and if the number of substitutes or volunteers enrolled piace of af-by virtue of this act, in any subdivision, before the time ap-fembly, and if pointed for taking the ballot as before directed, shall not amount Jbofe enrolled to two-third parts of the whole number of men appointed to be raised within such subdivision, the deputy governors shall, at the amount to a time and place before appointed, proceed to'ballot for such certain num-numher of men only as shall be then wanted to make up the ber, the dewhole number to serve for such subdivision, making a fresh ap- P portionment of the number of men to be raised for the respective p°ndThe bal-parishes in such subdivision according to the number then wanted lot and shall

aS fcxid an ac-

SSSF,

54. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. [i

count of the as aforesaid; regard being had to the respective numbers ofj eIl* stitutes or volunteers that shall have been then serving, sure Serk of the an<* ^0F subdivisions, and for the federal

general meet-and places contained therein respectively; and that if the i ings, and a ber of volunteers who shall have been then enrolled shall an duplicate to to or exceed such two-third parts, then the said deputy gov* to\heClord-y may l^e ballot appointed to be taken for any fp

lieutenant, time not exceeding seven days, of which like* notice f who may di- given as herein before directed; and they shall forthwith I. rest a further mjt an account Of the number of volunteers so enrolled M the^ballot! at ^erk general meetings, and shall also transmit a dtipHj the end of thereof without delay to the chief secretary of the lord-Jieut«n which period or other chief governor or governors of Ireland; and it (ba- the number^ may be lawful for the said lord-lieutenant or other chief gov

wanting be ballotted for, &c.

or governors, on the transmission of such account, to dk| further suspension of the said ballot for such time as (ha deemed^expedient, in order to give a reasonable opportune complete the quota pf such subdivision by the enrolment of fu!^tutes or volunteers; and in such case it shall be lawful fofCtbe deputy governors acting for such subdivision, within the (tile allowed by the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governorar governors, in any order transmitted for that purpose, to «psl such number of men as substitutes or volunteers under thic*A as shall be wanting to complete the quota of men to be for such subdivision, in the manner before directed: pro always, that if at the expiration of the time allowed by thti lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of IriML the whole number of men to be raised for such subdivision flM not have been enrolled, the deputy governors, without fadfetr delay, shall proceed to ballot for the number of men then1 to make up such number, making a fresh apportionmefl manner herein-before mentioned; but if, at the end of thelj so allowed, the whole number of men to be so raised fort subdivision shall be completed, then the deputy governors V transmit an account thereof to the clerk of the general meet* and shall also transmit a duplicate thereof to the said chief I tary, and in such case no ballot shall take place for f division.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any i having receiv-Iaa^ have received any money for the purpose of serving ed money and substitute or volunteer, either in the way of earnest or id] not appearing payment of any sum agreed to be given for his becoming!

rolKd substitute or volunteer, or in any other manna* as such < and p'ay'a pc- volunteer, and shall afterwards refuse or negle

nalty, or be appear to be enrolled and sworn, and to serve as such, it (ha imprisoned. lawful for any one deputy governor, or any justice of the [

( or magistrate to whom complaint shall be made, thereon tot any such persons to be brought before him by warrant; such persons shall refuse to be en rolled and sworn to serve as i said, or shall neglect or refuse, or be unable to return the|^of money so advanced as aforesaid, to the person or persons Wfli

Whom

such (

Substitutes or volunteers

6y

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 543

whom he received it, together with the farther sum of forty shillings by way of forfeit, such deputy governor or justice may and he is hereby required to commit such person to the common gaol of the county or place for three months, there to remain without bail or mainprize.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the sum of one gui- One guinea nea shall be paid by the collectors of his Majesty's excise of the be nearest district, to the respective commanding officers of tors o^excfiT panies, in manner directed by the said recited act of the thirty- for every man third year aforesaid, for the use of every man raised under this on joining at ad, when and so soon as any such man shall join at the place of Place afletnbly appointed for that purpose; and the sum ofawo guineas two guineas shall in like manner be paid for and in respect of every man for efery man ballotted to serve, who mail appear and be enrolled and sworn ballotted on personally to serve under this act, as soon as such men shall have j°ininS h* respectively joined their respective regiments, battalions, or corps, corps* which sums shall be respectively paid, applied, and accounted for

in manner directed by the said recited act.

XXV. And be it further^nacted, That it shall be lawful for i0rcf-lieu* his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or tenant may governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint the times appoint the and places for the assembling of the men enrolled under this act, and by and for each county, and also for his Majesty to appoint and

fend proper officers and non-commissioned officers to receive men enrolled, such men, notice whereof shall be transmitted by the chief fccre- and his Maury of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, may fcn<* to the governor or governors of every such county, and also to the clerk of the general meetings; and where no such officers or notice where* non-commissioned officers shall be so sent, the governor or go- of shall be vernors, or deputy governor of each county, shall order the men sent to when enrolled to repair forthwith to the places of assembly so of

appointed, and shall cause to be advanced to such men such pay, the general for the purpose of subsisting such men during such march, as is meetings; directed in the several acts relating to the militia of Ireland, as and where far as the same respects such militia when embodied; and all justices of the peace, magistrates, constables, and other officers, or deputy may, and they are hereby required to do all other acts, matters, governors and things, in relation to the billetting such men, and providing shall order the sufficient carriages for the forwarding the march of such men, as they are authorised and directed to do with respect to any of of assembly, his Majesty's forces. See.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty his Majesty to cause the men enrolled under this act to serve as J£en tcTbe*' aforesaid, to be placed in such of the existing regiments, batta- piaced in lions, or corps, as may be from time to time appointed to serve corps ap-within the united kingdom, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, pointed to and Alderney, or to be formed into such new regiments, batta-

lions, or Corps, as his Majesty shall judge necessary, and in such to be 1 manner as shall be best adapted to the defence and protection of formed into of the united kingdom; and notice shall be given by the chief newcorps, and (ecretary of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or go- ^erstoDt

vernors command and

discipline them; and the army raised under this act shall be subject to the mutiny laws.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. [i

vernorsof Ireland for the time being, to the respective govei of counties of the respective regiments, battalions, and cor] which the men enrolled for their respective counties (h appointed as aforesaid, or in which they shall be formed it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such 01 and non-commissioned officers, to command and disciplint regiments, battalions, or corps, as his Majesty shall thinl and every such officer and every non-commissioned officer] drummer in any such regiment, battalion, or corps, and e such private man, from the time of his enrolment respectij as well as the whole army to be raised by virtue of thisj shall be subject to all the provisions, rules, regulations, ( and penalties, as well pains of death as others, as are or be contained in any act of parliament then in force for puni mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the and their quarters, and any articles of war made in purfi thereof; and all the provisions, powers, authorities, pains^j nalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, tained in every such act and article of war, shall be in force respect to the army to be raised by virtue of this a ft, and extend to all officers, non-commissioned officers, drum] and private men of the same, in all cases whatsoever.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, none of the regiments, battalions, or corps, in which the to be raised under this act shall be placed or formed as afore

placed shall be shall, during the time that any such men shall remain appoii ordered out of to or formed in the same as aforesaid, on any account be cai [he or orc*ere<*to 8° out of the united kingdom of Great Britain yo Ireland, and the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney$ none of the said men to be raised by virtue of this act, (haT compellable or compelied, on any pretence whatsoever, to 1 out of the united kingdom, and the islands of GuernfeyyJersey Alderney aforesaid, unless they shall freely and voluntarily qj in any of his Majesty's forces for general service, and shall " been for that purpose previously and duly discharged from service in the army to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law&l for his Majesty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief govern#

may dirtS the or 8overnors of Ireland for the time being, from time to tio#» commandant under such bounties, rules, regulations, and<restrictions, ' as may to discharge to his Majesty seem most expedient, and as may be declared <0 any man wil- general orders, to di rest the colonel or other commanding officer# into his forces any rcg*im€nt> battalion, or corps, in which any men raised unty: for general this act shall be placed or formed, to discharge any such men £> service, &c. raised who shall be willing to enlist in his Majesty's forces fer general service: provided always, that the parish by and which any such men shall have been raised, shall not be cpA'-pellable or compelled to fill up any vacancy occasioned by pie enlisting of any men under any such discharge as aforesaid., v person shall

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Th#if refusetocn- any person so discharged for the purpose of being enlisted as

aforesaid,

None of the corps in which the men shall be

men be compellable to serve out of them.

His Majesty or the lord-lieutenant

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 545

aforesaid, shall notwithstandingrefufe to enlist, then and in.every hft, he shall such case, such person shall continue to belong to the regiment, battalion, or corps from which he shall have been so discharged corps^-om*for the purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any which dif-such discharge..charged.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the respective go-Thegover-

vernors and deputy governors of counties rft Ireland, upon the nor8 and dereceipt of any such notice as aforesaid, of the regiments, bat- nors ihalf talions, or cofps to which the men raised in their respective transmit cer-'counties shall respectively be appointed, or in which they shall tificatestotbe be formed, shall forthwith transmit to the officer or officers commanding respectively commanding such regiments, battalions, or corps men^aised*respectively, a certificate or certificates of the number of men and all vacan-belonging to their respective counties, as also of the subdivisions cies shall be and parishes for which they respectively serve j and all vacancies supplied ac-that shall arise in the said army by death or desertion of any man acts in^orce C enrolled therein, or in consequence of any such man being re- relating to the claimed as a deserter from his Majesty's other forces, or from militia of Ire-the marines or militia, or by any such man becoming unfit forland> and the service, and being duly discharged accordingly, shall be filled up nd8

and supplied in such and the like manner, and under such and adjutants shall the like penalties as are contained in the several acts in force at send to the1.the time of the passing of this act, in relation to the militia of secretaryto Ireland, except in so Far as any such penalties or forfeitures are tenantto*he by this varied, altered, or increased; and the respective commanding officers and adjutants of such regiments, battalions, to the clerks or corps, shall, in order to the having such vacancies duly and of the general speedily supplied, from time to time transmit, and cause to beretura8re-transmitted, all such returns and accounts as are directed in the jating to va-several acts relating to the said militia with respect to such va- cancies as di-cancies, to the office of the chief secretary to the lord-lieutenant rentedI by the or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time l<i a^s# being, to be by him transmitted to the clerks of the general meetings! provided always, that no vacancy caused by the discharge of any man as unfit for service shall be filled up, except

the same discharge shall be signed by the colonel or other commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, and that it shall be certified by two deputy governors of the county to which the nian belonged, that such man was enrolled for the said county, and did serve for the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the deputy governors The deputy

acting in and for the several subdivisions in Ireland Stall, and |°^rnors they or any two of them are hereby required, at a meeting to ben or

held For that purpose, on or before the twenty-fifth day of Sep- before lept.

'tember next after the passing of this act, (except in the Case where 25, 1803, (ex-the quota of any county shall be raised in the whole or impart in a cer- by the mode of recruiting herein after mentioned) to prepare a transmit cer-certificate in the form prescribed in the schedule hereunto an- tificates hi the nexed, specifying the number of men originally required to beforminthe raised under this act by and for such subdivision, and by and for an"exed fclie-every parish or place respectively within such subdivision, toge- clerk of the Vot. XLIV. Nit ther general meet-

546 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. S5. [1803.

ings, who shall ther with an account of the number of men aftuafly rfcifed in on subdivision, andn such partfhes and places respectively by the°a9th of* virtue of this act, and to transmit such certificate and accoutu that month to to the clerk at the general meeting of the county in which such the clerk of subdivision shall be situate; and every fuclv clerk of the genefcal bedcHvered to mcc^illSs ^11, on or before the twenty-ninth day of Septemfa thejultices in next a*ter t"e passing of this aCr, transmit all the said certificates quarter fcf-, to the clerk of the peace of the said county, together with a# lions, who account of the whole number of private men raised and enrolled the ro^haven county hJ virtue of this act; and every such clerk of thi not befli*peace shall deliver the said certificates and accounts to the Ju£ wholly raised, tices of the peace at their general quarter sessions for the county, diiect the to be held next after the said twenty-ninth day of September, 6ri surer^oYffue t*ic ^ay on which such sessions shall be opened; and the said his warrant certificates and accounts shall be filed amongst the records of to the collec- such fefhoti; and where it shall appear by such certificate, that for of the in any subdivision, or in any parish or place therein, the whole cess, to levy number of men directed by the said governor or governors otc ^fo/each* deputy governors, at their said first general meeting holden as man wanting, aforesaid, under the direction and authority of this a#, to be and a like severally raised within the same subdivision, parish, or place re-ever^cceed- spe(I:tvety» has not actually been raised and enrolled within fuCH fiwleffioiis*subdivision, parish, or place respectively, the said justices shall, tin defic^n- and they are hereby authorised and required to direct, by writing under their hands and seals, the treasurer of the county to issue his warrant to the collector or collectors of the publick cess, 'or person whose duty it may be to act as such for such subdivision, parish, or place, or for the place in which fitch subdivision, parish, or place is situate, to levy forthwith in and upon such subdivision, parish, or place, a sum after the rate of twenty pounds for every man who shall be wanting at the time to complete the number allotted for such subdivision, parish, or pl^ce, and the further additional penalty of twenty pounds, at every Succeeding quarter sessions, for every man that may then remain deficient, until such deficiency or deficiencies shall have been filled up, and shall appear so to have been by a certificate of any two such deputy governors in form aforesaid; which sums shaft be levied in like manner, and with like power and authority, and with all such remedies, in case of any refusal or omission to pay ihc same, and with like wages for the collection, as any eels imposed by the preferment of a grand jury in Ireland may by law be raised or levied, and shall be paid by the treasurer without delay to the collector of his Majesty's excise for the said county, for the purposes herein after mentioned, accounta°f

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case or apart] shall the quota of any county shall be raised, in the whole or in part, be raised'by by the mode of recruiting herein after mentioned, it shall and recruiting, the may be lawful for the said deputy governors, or any two of them, to prepare the certificates and accounts hereby required, trmXmltthl and to transmit the same to the clerk of the general meeting, at, certificates, any time on or before the fifth day of November fiext after the on 01 before*passing

cies are felled «P-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8$. 54^-

pa fling of this act; and the said clerk of the general meeting Nov. 5, 1803, shall transmit the same, in manner herein-before required, toof^cc^rat the clerk of the peace of the county, on or before the tenth day meetftff^whe of the said November \ and the said clerk of the peace shall im-shall trahsmit mediately on receipt of the same, indorse upon such certificates them by the and accounts respectively, the day when he shall have received Ioth £ykat the same, and shall deliver the said certificates and accounts fp Serk of the C indo^fed to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter peace, to be sessions for the county, to be held next after the receipt by the delivered to said clerk of the peace, of such certificates and accounts; and* whenever it shall appear by any such certificates and accoqnts that the whole number of men required to be raised under this who shall act. in any subdivision, was not actually raised and enrolled on assess 20l. for cr before' the said fifth day of November, the said justices, at their ever)' man dequarter sessions to be held next aftef the said tenth day of No- ^Scc.

vernier, shall proceed to direct the levying of a sum, at the.rate of

twenty pounds for and in respect or every man so deficient on the said fifth day of November, in like manner in1 all respects as they are herein-before required and directed to do, at their quarter sessions next after the said twenty-ninth day of September, in refoed of men then deficient; and such other proceedings shall be thereupon had as are herein-before required and directed for levying the said sum, under the order of the said justices, at the said sessions next after the said twenty-ninth day of September, in manner aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and sums of money, paid by or levied upon the goods or chattels aPphc^l'?ri of any person ballotted to lerve under this act, who shall neg- 0 peD* led to appear or provide a substitute to be approved as aforesaid,

and all fines, penalties, and sums of money assessed and levied as aforesaid, by reason of any default of any subdivision, parish, or place, in not raising any men required by this act, shall be debts to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and may be recovered as such, or' may be levied under the powers and provisions of any acts relating to the militia of Ireland, and of this act, and shall immediately* on the payment or levying thereof, be transmitted, sent, and paid to the collector of his Majesty's excise of the nearest district; and shall forthwith by such collector be transmitted to the receiver-general of his Majesty's revenue of excise, who, as well as the said collector, shall keep a separate account of the same, to be applied in the raising men for such subdivision, parish or place, for the purposes of this act, or for his Majesty's forces for general service, as his Majesty shall think fit, and according to the direction to be received in that respect from the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of gt* clerks of general meetings shall from time to time certify to the neral meet-chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or tffyto the*" governors of Ireland {ox the time being, to be by him transmitted secretary to to the admiralty, tlte names and redden ces of all persons claim- the lord-lieu*

N N 2 ing Uiwit per-

£48 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. [1803.

fens claiming ing tQ be exempt from being ballotted to serve under the pro* exemption as vjgons Of as professional seamen or seafaring men.

t C*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein impede levy- contained shall be construed in any manner to impede or delay ing of men the levying of men who ought to be raised from time to time to complete to complete the militia now embodied, or to vary the manner of^proceeding the rein; but that all such levies shall be effcded hr

1a* like manner as if this act had not been passed. neral nieet^:

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective

ing, $cc to clerks to the general meetings and clerks to subdivision meetings, be rewarded and all other officers and persons whosoever entitled under the for wCir several acts relating to the militia of Ireland, to*any remunera-rou c* tion for their pains and labour in executing the provisions of the said acts, who shall execute the like or any other provisions of this act, shall for such services respectively receive such rewards as are directed by any of the said acts in force for such services, and also such further reward for their pains and trouble in and about the executing of this act, as the deputy governors aflem* bled at any meeting held for that purpose, at which not left than five deputy governors shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under their hands; and such respective rewards, on the production of such certificate so signed as aforesaid to the respective collectors of his Majesty's revenue of excise for the nearest district, shall be paid out of any publick monies in their hands, and the fame shall be allowed in their accounts.

P-tf-of

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That air powers, the militia of* provisions, rules, regulations, bounties, penalties, forfeitures, Ireland, so far clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts in as applicable, force relating to the militia of Ireland, shall, so far as the same are aPPhcable, a°d are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, 0 w*be applied, and practised for the purpose of raising the men directed to be raised by this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, clauses, matters, and things were repeated and re-enacted in this act*

Ifatthe first

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at the first me of the C€t" 8enera* meeting of the»governor or governors or deputy gover-goveniors or nors of any county in Ireland, to be held in pursuance of deputy go- this act, five of the said governor or governors or deputy gover-vernors of nors assembled at such general meeting, and forming the majo-five t^creo^ he of opinion that the number of men required

opinion that for any county cannot be conveniently and expeditiously raised the meu may under the foregoing provisions of this act, and that such men be more ex- may be more conveniently and expeditiously raised as recruits r^dasr-- areraised, under and by virtue of two acts passed in the present emits, they session of parliament, for the more speedy and effectual enrol-may order ment of the militia of Ireland, and for filling up vacancies there-their clerk to in, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for such o^niop^o the £overnor.or governors or deputy governors, or the majority of ckrk of the them, being five in number as aforesaid, and they are hereby peace, and a - authorised

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 549

authorised and required forthwith to reduce such opinion into copy to the writing, and to sign the same, and to order the clerk of such chief fecre-.general meeting to transmit such opinion so signed to the clerk of the peace of the county for which such general meeting shall iord-lieute-have been held, to be hied among the records of the county* nantand privy and also to transmit a copy thereof to the chief secretary of the council, and lord-lieutenanj or other chief governor or governors of Ireland [j, for the time being, to be by him laid before the said lord-lieu- tenant may*tenant or other chief governor or governors, and the privy authorise the council of Ireland, for their approbation; and if such approba- rJdf, n£ voluiu tion shall be thereupon signified by order of the said lord-lieu- tcers> tenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for th6 time being, and council, it shall and may be lawful for the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by his order, to authorise and direct such governor or governors or deputy governors, or any five or more of them, to proceed to raise and enrol, without delay, by.beat of drum or otherwise, a certain number of volunteers, not exceeding in the whole the number required by this act to be raised in and for such county \ such governor or governors^and deputy governors requiring, if they shall think proper so to* do, the assistance of any officer or officers who shall or may be sent by his Majesty, or by the commander of his Majesty's forces in Ireland, for that purpose; and such men so raised shall be respectively enrolled before such governors or deputy governors, or any two of them, for the service required by this act, in manner and according to the directions herein-before contained with respect to any other volunteers raised under the preceding provisions of this act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said As soon as governor or governors or deputy governors, so assembled at such such opinion meeting, shall have signed such opinion, and transmitted the same as hereinbefore directed, it shall and may be lawful for the meeting may said governor or governors or deputy governors to suspend all be adjourned, other proceedings under this a£, and to adjourn the said general atVie meeting for any time not-4efs than five nor more than eight meedngthe days, of which they are to give notice to the chief secretary of authority of, the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of the lord-lieu-Ireland for the time being; and if at such adjourned meeting tena"£ they shall not receive such approbation, authority, and dire£iion this^aSa1V. from the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or gover- shall be car-nors of Ireland, for the purpose of recruiting, as herein-before ried into mentioned, then they shall proceed to carry this act into execution, f?c with its several provisions, in manner herein-before required; received pro-and if{at such adjourned general meeting the y shall receive such ceedings, approbation, authority, and direction as aforesaid, it shall and other than may be lawful for them to suspend for the further space of six weeks, all proceedings under this act, other than such as are nded

authorised and directed by such order of the said lord-lieutenant or for fixweeks, other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being,

in

N

05 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Ggonari HI. c. 85.

in manner and tQ the effect herein-before mentioned; and if it If it shall ap- shall appear to the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or eud'offive governors of Ireland for the time being, by certificate of the weeks that governor or governors or deputy governors, or any two of tbqm, the volunteers given under their hands, within five weeks from the day of faell shall amount last adjourned meeting, that at the date of such certificate the lumff&c number of volunteers so be enrolled shall amount to two-third the^ord-lieu- Paru^&C wh le number of men so to be rajfed under this act tenant may for such county, and there isreafan to believe that the remainder

authorise a may be raised within three weeks from the date of such eerti-

einsion ^but cate> t*lcn lt and may ^awfu* such lord-lieutenant or

ff fuc^a'u-Ut ol^er governor or governors of Ireland (or the time being,

thority is not by his order, to authorise and direci speh governor or govern received, or nors, Gr deputy governors, to suspend all proceedings under this if, by acer- (other than such as shall have been authorised and directed whose^umber tirft order of such lord-lieutenant or other chicf\go*

of volunteers verqor or governors of Ireland for the time being), for the fur! shall not have ther space of three weeks from the date of the said certificate j and it shall be lawful for the said governor or governors, or oi*8^&cC1fliaH dePuty governors, to suspend all proceedings accordingly; and forthwith pro- if st the expiration of the said six weeks from the date of such vide the men first adjourned meeting, the said governor or governors, or cordi^t^th dePut? governors, -shall not have received such order, authority, provisions of C and dire#ion from the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor tins a# pr governors of Ireland, to suspend the proceedings under this act, in manner herein-before mentioned, or if at the expiration of the said three weeks from the date of the said certificate, a'number of volunteers, equal to the whole number of men appointed to be raised for such county, shall not have been en-» rolled in manner herein-before mentioned, then and in either of such cases the said governor or governors, or deputy governors, shall forthwith proceed to provide the number of men deficient, according to the several provisions and directions of this act, and in like manner as they should and might have done in case such orders, authority, and directions in manner herein-before mentioned, had not been given by the said lord-lieu tenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland^ to-raise the men by the mode of recruiting herein-before mentioned.

Men ^And be it further enacted, That all men so enrolled by-dewedrcien means of recruiting as aforesaid, shall be deemed and betaken under thisP he men raised under and by virtue of this act, as fully and ad, and shall effectually to all intents and purposes as if they had been ea* be letdown to rojled as substitutes or volunteers under this act; and all such of€f^h°sub- m^n ke set down by the governor or governors or deputy divlfion and governors of the respective counties in which they shall have places therein, been so raised, to the account of such subdivisions in such county, asthegover- and of such pariflaes and places therein as fiwh governors or governor8PUt^ dePuty governors shall appoint, in like manner as is provided by shall appoint, said recited act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Ma-$ct jetty's reign, in failure of a declaration by any volunteer en-

rolled

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 85. 551

rolled for service in the milfcia under and by virtue of that act 5 and

ill the proviGons, ' rules, regulations, clauses, matters, and things

in this act contained, with respect to any subdivisions of coon*

ties, and with respect to any ballotted men, or substitutes of

volunteers in their stead, shall be applied and put in execution

with respect to the men so raised by recruiting as aforesaid, and en*

rolled under this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and

purposes, as if such men had been raised under and by virtue of the proviGons in this act contained for providing and enrolling

of men chosen by bailot, or substitutes and volunteers in their

stead respectively.

XLI. And be it Airther enacted, That, for the ptirpose of de- 1°^-fraying the expence to be incurred by the raising of such men by ^tenant recruiting in manner aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful for ^eJfury^of11* the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors to Ireland to issue his orders to the lords of of the treasury of Mu* money Ireland, requiring them to advance and issue from time to time, for defraying to be applied to the said purposes, any such sum or sums ofofre^rmting money as the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or men, not exgovernors as aforesaid may, by any such order, direct, and to ceeding feve* pay the same, according to the purport of such order, either to g^neas i*r the said governor or governors, or deputy governors, or to such man" officer or officers who shall be so sent by his Majesty or by the commander of his Majesty's forces in Ireland, for the purpose of assisting the said governor or governors or deputy governors as aforesaid, and whose services shall have been required by such governor or governors or deputy governors: provided that the amount of any such sums or sums of money, so to be issued on account of any one county, shall not exceed in the whole the rate of seven guineas for every volunteer that mfay be so enrolled, in and for such county.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Governors, lawful for the said governor or governors or deputy governors, and deputy gover-also for the said officer or officers so called by the said governor or 1 "enrol governors or deputy governors to their assistance as aforesaid, to volunteers, proceed, without delay, to enltft and enrol, within the county in and give such and for which such officer shall be called toaffift such governor or a*tkc

governors or deputy governors, such and so many volunteers, being may

ablebodied men, and being not less than five feet and two inches order, in height, and not more than forty-five years of age, as can be procured, not exceeding the number mentioned in the order of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, x issued for that purpose as aforesaid, giving to each man, by way of bounty, any such sum, or sums, and in such proportions, and payable at such time or times as the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being may, by such order, direct, not exceeding, in any case, the sum of seven guineas per man.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not No person be lawful to or for any officer or officers employed as aforesaid, voIun° or to or for any other person or persons whatsoever on his or teerSanyn"

their greater boun-

V'-

A

552 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. 85.

ty than shall their behalf, to advance or give, or to^ngage or proroife to be ordered by vance or give, for the purpose of inducing any man to enrql tenant41ieU" ^imfelfas a volunteer under the aft-mentioned provisions oft\m aft, any greater or larger sum of money, or any other largest bounty, or reward, than such sum or sums of money as *41 be so ordered by such lord-lieutenant or other chief governor flf governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner aforesaid. 1 Governors,

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said governor or &c. shall keep governors or deputy governors, and such officer or officers so names8, &c. 1C employed as aforesaid, shall respectively keep or cause to tie«of the persons kept, true and regular entries of the names, additions, plaoesof enrolled, and residence, parish, and other descriptions of all persons which of the money they shall enrol as aforesaid, and of the several sums they shall padd^an^11 respectively receive for that purpose, and of the sums which thef^transmit shall advance and pay to such persons so enrolled, respectively^ copies to the and shall transmit regular copies of such entries to the office of office of the the chief secretary of the said lord-lieutenant, or other chief go^ the^lordr ° vernor or governors of Ireland for the time being. _ lieutenant.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the money necessary Money to re-to reimburse the several sums hereby authorised to be paid to imburse the volunteers in manner last aforesaid, shall be respectively raised sums paid to within the said counties and places in Ireland\ in such manner ftaUnbeCraised anc* ^orm ass directedn and by an act made in this present according to session of parliament, intituled An act for the more speedy and efts Geo. 3. feftual enrolment of the militia ^Ireland, and for filling up vacan- eies therein $ and in and by another act made in this session of parliament, to repeal certain parts of the said last recited act, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents' and purposes, as if the provisions of the said acts, and each of them, respecting the raising of the said i money, had been repeated and re-enacted in this act.

>yiye8 and

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the wives and Emilies of corporals and private men, raised and enrolled to privates en- serve tinder this act, shall be entitled to such and the like relief,

tiled to relief and under fych and the like circumstances, as may and shall according to be provided in any act to be passed in this session of parliament, an°Va6l to be ^or Prov^'ng r^ief for the families of militia men in Ireland^}yhen pafed thfs called out into actual service; and for that purpose all the rules, session. regulations, provisions, powers, authorities, penalties, and for- feitures, in such act contaiped, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein dnafted.

This act may XLVII, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That repealed ^this (^is aft, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, leffiqn. or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament,

SCHEDULE

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8$. 555

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

' ADDITIONAL ARMY OF IRELAND.

Cot ity of Subdivision of

CERTIFICATE of Number of Deficiencies; dated the Day of at a meeting

of Deputy Governors for that Purpose.

Subdivisions.«/ \ / Parishe8. Number of Quota. Numbers of Men actually serving. Deficiencies to be filled up.

1 4

1: Z>.} DcPuty Governors.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen, artificers, journeymen^ and labourers, in Ireland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[July ji, 1803.]

WHEREAS the laws now in force in Ireland, against unlawful combinations, by and amongst artificers, workmen, journeymen, and labourers, have been found to be inadequate to the suppression thereof $ whereby it is become necessary that more effectual provision should be made against such unlawful combinations in Ireland, and for preventing such unlawful practices in future, and for bringing such offenders to more speedy and exemplary punishment\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act contracts aft, all contrails, covenants, and agreements whatsoever, in for obtaining

writincr111 advance of wages, alter-

554. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 8.

ing, the time writing or not in writing, at any time or times heretofc of working, or entered into, or any time or times hereafter tp bje ^uaiitif15^6 entere<* or between* any artificers, journeym

facturers, workmen, labourers, or other persons in Ir (except be- obtaining an advance of wages of them, or any of, \ tween matters any other artificers, journeymen, manufacturers, nhe*iWaLa^olirers» or other persons in any manufacture, trade,

3 or occupation* or for lessening or altering their or aiijT

usual hours or time of working, or for decreasing the of work, save and except any contrail made or to between any matter and his journeyman, or manufaS or on account of the work or service of such journ manufacturer with whom such contrail tray be road preventing or hindering any person or persons from e whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to empfr her, or their manufacture, trade, bufioefs, or occupati controuling or any way affeiting any person or persons on any manufacture, trade, or business, in the co management thereof, shall be and the same are hereby to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purpose soever.

Any work-

II. And be it further enacted, That no artificer, jou tnen who shall workman, labourer, or other person in Ireland, shall at any such of- a^ter the patting of this ail, make or enter into, or be c fence, shall be in the making of or entering into any such contrail,: committed to or agreement, in writing or not in writing, as is here? gaol or the declared to be an illegal covenant, contrail, or agreer corre£hon cvcr7 artificer, journeyman, workman, labourer, or oth on conviction who after the patting of this ail shall be guilty of any^ before two said offences in Ireland^ being thereof lawfully convicted^.

any two justices of the peace for the county, city, liberty^ or place, where such offence shall be committed, within calendar months next after the offence shall have bee mitted, shall by Order of such justices be committed to; fined in the common gaol, within their jurisdiction, time not exceeding six calendar months, or at thje difer such justices shall be committed to same house of co within the same jurisdiction, there toj'emain and be kept labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months

III. And be it further enacted, That every artificer*; man, workman, labourer, or other person, who shall, at? after the patting of this ail, enter in any combination in for advancing to obtain an advance of wages, or to alter or lessen the I wages, Arc. duration of the time of working, or to decrease the q\T work, or for any other purpose contrary to this act, or by giving money, or by persuasion, felicitation, or intf, or any other means, wilfully and maliciously endeavo# vent any unhired or unemployed artificer* journeyman 4^, man» or labourer, or any other person wanting erop!

oxThim to quit from hiring himself to any manufacturer or tradesman, his employ, son conducting any manufacture* trade, or business in or (half iuaUer

Justices

as also any who shall enter into any combination

or shall endeavour to prevent any workman from hiring himself, or ftull prevail

i8c>3*} Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. 555

or who shall for the purpose of obtaining an advance of wages, any matter or for any other purpose contrary to the provisions of this act, from employ-wilfully and maliciously decoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, in- ^"oJwith fluence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail, onany omreafcmaMe artificer, journeyman, workman, labourer or other person, hired or cause shall re-employed, or to be hired or employed in any manufacture, trade, fuse to work business, or occupation in Ireland, to quit or leave his work, w^h any other service or employment, or who shall wilfully and maliciously wor 1114, 11 hinder or prevent or attempt to hinder or prevent any manufacturer or tradesman, or other person, from employing in his or her manufacture, trade or business, such artificers, journeymen, workmen, apprentices, labourers, and other persons as he or she shall think proper, or who being hired or employed shall without any just or reasonable cause refuse to work with any other artificer, journeyman, workman, apprentice, or labourer, employed of hired to work therein, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said pffences before any two justices of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall by order of such justices be committed to and confined in the common gaol^ within their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, or ©therwife be committed to some house of correction within the same jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to*hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months.

IV. And, for the more effectual fiupprejjm of all combinations, amonyfi artificers, journeymen, workmen, labourer s, and other persons employed in any manufacture, trade, business, or occupation in Ireland $ be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons and also aft whomsoever, (whether employed in any such manufacture, trade,

business, or occupation, or not) who shall attend any meeting feting had or held for the purpose of making or entering into any contract, for the pur-covenant, or agreement, by this act declared to be illegal, or of pose of mak-entering into, supporting, maintaining, continuing, or carrying on any combination for any purpose by this act declared to be or^o illegal, or who shall summon, give notice to, call upon, persuade, shall summon, entice, solicit, or by intimidation, or any other means, endeavour or by intimi-to induce any artificer, journeyman, workman, apprentice, la. dation, &c. bourer, or other person employed in any manufacture, trade, fnduce any ° business, or occupation, to attend any such meeting, or who shall journeyman colle#, demand, a(k, or receive, any turn of money from any such to attend such artificer, journeyman, workman, apprentice, labourer, or other muet^f}i0ri person, for any of the purpose* aforesaid, or who shall persuade, any mCo/ entice, solicit, or by intimidation, or any other means, endeavour ney for such to induce any fudi artificer, journeyman, workman, apprentice, purposes, labourer, or other person, to enter into or be concerned in any such combination, or who shall pay any sum of money, or make or enter into any subscription or contribution, for or towards the support or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, or shall administer, or cause to be administered, any oath or declaration to any manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, appren-

556 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c^86.

[1!

tice, or labourer, or to any person or persons whomsoever, ing to fix the price of wages or labour or workmanship, or 1 ing to fix or.make any rule, order, agreement, or regulation fpc£ling any trade, manufacture, or business, or the person ployed or to be employed therein, or shall issue or cause issued, or deliver or cause to be delivered, any ticket, certif token (other than and except such ticket or certificate as AtJ may be delivered by or by the order of the corporation whl such manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, or labourer, is or I be a member) to any such manufacturer, artificer, journey! or labourer, of his being licensed to work at his or their r tive trade or trades, and who shall be lawfully convicted i of the said offences, before any two justices of the peace (oi county, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence (ha[ committed, within three calendar months after the offence j have been committed, shall by order of such justices be mitted to and confined in the common gaol within their jur*| tion, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, or on wife be committed to some house of correction within the A jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for! time not exceeding three calendar months.

Penalty on V. And be it further enacted, That no person (whether J tHbutin^for P Yec^ as a journeyman, workman, or labourer, in any tnanu any expencesurc> trade, business, or occupation, or not) shall at any incurred for after the passing of this act wilfully pay or give any sum of me or valuable thing as a subscription or contribution for the pur of paying the expences incurred or to be incurred by any or perfops adfcing contrary to the provisions of this act, or f payment of money or other means support or maintain journeyman, workman, apprentice, labourer, or other or contribute towards his support or maintenance, for the pose of inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired or, or ploved in any manufacture, trade, business, or occupation, igmo- the purpose of maintaining or supporting any artificer, jouri ney for such man> workman, apprentice, or labourer, who, having been guild P e*any offence under this adfc, shall have beenlawfullyconvidfced of same; and every perfoft who shall be guilty of any such offa shall on conviction thereof, before any two justices of the p of the county, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence ( be committed, forfeited lose any sum not exceeding the fuij ten pounds; and every journeyman, workman, labourer, \ every person who shall collect or receive any money or valuj thing, for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall on like convidjf forfeit and lose any sum not exceeding the like sum of ten pou| according to the discretion of the justices before whom such fender or offenders shall be convicted; such penalties respecti| to be forfeited, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other tec to the informer, to be equally divided between them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any manufad artificer, journeyman, workman, or labourer* being engaged any master, miftreft, or employer, in Inland, shall after such I

gagement,

acting contrary to this act, or towards supporting any person to induce him not to work, or maintaining offenders, collectin;

Application of penalties.

Any workman, who, during his engagement

j

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. 557

gagement, and during the time for which he shall be so engaged, shall refuse to refuse to work, or shall absent himself from the service of the person by whom he shall be so employed as aforesaid, during the ^shall pre-9accustomed hours of working at such trade or occupation as he shall vent or molest be accustomed to be employed at, or if hired by the week, month, any person or year, shall neglect to come.to work each and every day during the said term, ori any account or pretext whatsoever, unless hjg worJc prevented by sickness or Tome other reasonable cause, to the fore com-satisfaction of the justices before whom complaint shall be made, pleted, shall or shall hinder, prevent, or molest, or attempt to hinder, prevent, "^ed

or molest any person or persons from working at any business or house of cor-occupation on account of the said persons being foreigners, (Iran- region, on gers, or natives of any other part of the united kingdom, or of any con vision of other county, city, or place within Ireland^ or on any other accounttwo justices. whatsoever, or shall refuse or neglect to work in the trade or calling he shall be so engaged for, and in an usual and reasonable manner, being thereunto required by his employer, or shall return his work before the same shall be completely finished without the consent of the person or persons by whom he shall be so employed, unless it be for some reasonable and sufficient cause, to be allowed by two justices of the peace in their respective juris*'dictions, and shall be thereof convicted before any two justices of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit the person or persons so convicted'to the common gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, or otherwise, at the discretion of such justices, to some house of correction within their jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any matter workman Any matter in IrelancLftox any person whatsoever for him, by his direction, or rSaini with his privity, shall knowingly receive, employ, or entertain by another, any artificer, journeyman, manufacturer, workman, or labourer, without hi* already employed or retained by another, during the time such leave, (hat! artificer, journeyman, manufacturer, workman, or labourer,

shall be so employed or retained, without leave of the person or persons by whom such artificer, journeyman, manufacturer, workman, or labourer, shall be so employed or retained, every such offender being thereof lawfully convicted before any two justices of the.peace for the county, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor more than twenty pounds4 one moiety thereof to be paid to the person ag- Application grieyed, and the other moiety to be paid to the trustees of penalty* Stevens's Hospital in the city of Dublin, for the use of the said hospital, if the offence shall have been committed, in the county or in the county of the city of Dublin, and to such publick charity within the county, city, or place in which the offence shall have been committed, as the said justices shall direct, in any case

where 4

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86.

where the said offence shall have been committed out county, or the county of the city of Dublin.

If any work-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any artificer,

man shall man, or servant, hired, retained, or employed in Ireland, ill woi^k &C* tra(k or manufactureei shall wilfully damnify, spoil, fleftroyj committed tocxc^an8e> or otherwise dispose of, against or without the cq"' his care, he of the owner or owners, any of the goods, wares, or wort and his ac- materials for work, committed to his care or charge, or ^dl^cveral) w*h^cntru^e(^» every such offender and his accompli

forfeit doubfe ^emS thereof lawfully convicted before any two justices d. the value. peace for the county, city, liberty, town, or place where fcdi -offence shall be committed, shall severally forfeit and pay cfdiflbie the value of such goods, wares, or work so damnified, spoiled^txr destroyed, to the owner or owners thereof respectively. j Contractors

IX. And be it further enacted, That all undertakers or «s-for work shall traftors for work in Ireland, shall be considered as masters idf^e-as makers!^ fp^to all matters and things contained in this a ft, so far acetates to the journeymen, artificers, workmen, and labourersjfm-ployed by them. N,

If any person X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or perjtyfis

shall permit in Ireland shall, after the passing of this act, knowingly peftnlt ?n?»mhetlrg an^ PCf^ans whatsoever to assemble and meet together in his, for purpose* or their house or apartments, for the purpose of unlawfully iwu-contrary to luting the concerns of trade, or the rates of wages, or pricw.of this act, he work, or for any other purpose contrary to any of the provinces shall be liable of this act, every such person or persons shall, upon convi£j$oti o penalty, thereof before any two or more justices of the peace for J&e county, city, town, or place wherein such person or persons jjftrtl be resident, forfeit and pay for every such offence, any sum notless Application than five pounds nor more than twenty pounds; one moiety thftPtdf of penalty. to be paid to the informer, ajid the other moiety to be paid tftfte

trustees of Stevens's Hofyitalxn Dublin, for the use of the said pof-pital, if the offence shall have been committed in the tountjunr in the county of the city of Dublin, and to fdch publick cMBty within the county, city, town, or place, within which the office shall have been committed, as the said justices shall disest, wlfe, e the said offence shall have been committed out of the counter the county of the city of Dublin. '

XI. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying int$ i$i-cution the provisions of this act, be it further enacted, Thajfjbn complaint and information on oath, before one or more or justices of the peace, of any offence having been coftrrt against this act, within the respective jurisdictions of foefajuf

Justices may luinmon offenders, and, on their not, appearing, may issue

raireahendin« iu^ce or just*cess and are hereby authorked and requir

tSem, and on fommotr the person or persons charged with being an offend their appear- offenders against this act, to appear before any two justice ing, or on the county, city, town, or place, within which the offence abf°on^finh"r have been committed, at a certain time and place tobefpecil may°hear and anc*any person or persons so summoned shall not appear determine the cording to such furtrrrtons, then (proof on oath having been]

matter of made before them of the due service of such summons upon f

complaint;

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. 559

per fop or persons by delivering the fameth him or them personally, nd if penal; or leaving the same at his or their usual place of abode; provided ^£re"of the same shall be so left twenty-four hours at the feast before the p^id, may-time which shall- be appointed to appear before the said justices commit the upon such summon$, and provided al(b, that such summons ftia!I, parties to in the case last mentioned* be delivered into the hands of some j>aoJ person above the age of sixteen years, then residetit irt the usual Cor-

place of such person or persons) such two justices shall make and issue their warrant or warrants for apprehending the perfort or persons so summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bringing him or them before such justices 5 and upon the person or persons complained against appearing upon such summons, or being brought by virtue of such warrant or warrants before such justices, or upon proof on oath of such person or persons absconding, so that such warrant or warrants cannot be executed, then* such two justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, forthwith to make inquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the oath or oaths of stny credible person or persons, and to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint; and upon confession by the party, or proof by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath {which oath either of such justices is hereby authorised and empowered to administer in such case, and in all other cases where an oath is to be taken before any justice or justices of the peace, an pursuance of this act), to conviCf or acquit the party or parties against whom complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, and togivefentence for the forfeiture or penalty incurred under and by virtue of this act; and in case such forfeiture or penalty shall not bi forthwith paid pursuant to such conviction and sentence, such two justices shall ynd may, by warrant under their hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol within their jurisdiction, there to remain without bail or main-prize for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor left than two calendar months, unless such forfeiture or penalty, or wages, shall be sooner paid or satisfied, or otherwise, at the discretion of such justices, to some house of correction within their jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless such forfeiture, or penalty, or wages, shall be sooner paid and satisfied. No matter in

XII. Provided always, and it further enacted, That no the trade in

justice of the peace, beingalfoa matter in any particular trade, manufacture, or occupation, in or concerning which any offence is charged'to charged to have been committed under this act, shall act as such hare been justice under this act; any thing herein contained, or any former committed, statute, law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in any wile shall a&a* notwithstanding.'ce#

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

justice or justices of the peace before whom any such complaint nefies, and for or informauonshall bemadeasaforesaid, andheand they is and are non-appear-hereby authorised and required, at the request of any of the or reparties, to issue his or their summons to any witness or witnesses, cwden^maf

commit them*

560 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86.

to appear and give evidence before such justice or justi time and place appointed foe hearing and determining f plaint, and which time and place shall be specified in 1 - mons; and if any person or persons so summoned to apJ witness or witnesses as aforesaid shall not appear bef justice or justices at the time and place specified in such fu or offer some reasonable excuse for the default, or appea cording to such summons shall not submit to be exami witness or witnesses, and give his or their evidence b justices or justices touching the matter of such complai and in every such case it shall be lawful for such ju justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised (" oath in the case of any person not appearing according fufcnmons having been first made before such justice or j the due service of such summons on every such person, by ing the same to him or her, or by leaving the same twJ hours before the time appointed, for such person to before such justice or justices, at the usual place of abode person) by warrant under the hand or hands of such j justices, to commit such person or persons so making d appearing, or appearing and reYufing to give evidence, ^prison within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, remain without bail or mainprize, until such person or shall submit himself, herself, or themselves to be exami give his, her, or their evidence before such justice or ju 1 aforesaid. '

Informers

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the informer shall be deem- fecutor shall in every case under this a ft be deemed a witnesses-CD^ tent w*the^8 to Prove Ae offence charged; and that all an and offenders Per n and persons who shall or may offend against this may be com- and may, equally with all other persons, be called upon an pelled to give pelled to give his or her testimony and evidence as a wi

sTainst others- w'tnc^es on behalf of his Majesty, or of the prosecutor and having5 former, upon any information to be made or exhibited given such this act, against any other person or persons not being such evidence, or witnesses as aforesaid; and that in all such cases every denlnihe^d for Mving offended against this act, and having giving his having of- testimony or evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is fended. nified of, from, and against any information to be laid, fecution to be commenced against him, her, or them, for offended in the matter wherein or relative to which he, they shall have given testimony or evidence as aforesaid. Convictions

XV. And be it further enacted, That the justices* stall be in the whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any schedule.6 agaAft this act, or by whom any person or persons shall' mitted to prison for not appearing as a witness or not fu to be examined, shall cause all such convictions, and the or orders for such commitment, to be drawn up in the so the effect set forth in the schedule to this*aft.

Convictions

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the justices1 mitiedTo the whom anT such conviction shall be had, shall cause th

Goo«

1So^.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86, 561

(drawn up in the form or to the effect herein-beforediredled) to quarter fef-be fairly written on parchment, and transmitted to the next*

general sessions or general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, city, town, or pjace wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general sessions or general quarter sessions.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, con-Appeal may victed of any offence or offences puuifhable by this act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the justices session* and before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person judgement shall have liberty to appeal from every such conviction to the suspended on next court of general sessions, or general quarter sessions of the f^curitT being peace which mall be held for the county, city, town, or plaice ^vcn* therein such offence was committed; and that the execution of ivery judgement so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the person so convicted shall, with two sufficient sureties, immediately enter before such justices into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penal sum of double the amount of the penalty so incurred or forfeited; or in case such copviction shall contain a judgement of imprisonment', such appellant shall immediately enter into a recognizance before such justices, himself in the penalty of twenty pounds, with two sufficient sureties in the penalty of ten pounds each, (which bond or recognizance respectively such justices are hereby authorised and required to take)9 and such bond or recognizance shall be conditioned to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forth coming to abide the judgement and determination of the said next general sessions or general quarter sessions, and to pay such costs as the said court shall award on such occasion and the justices in the said next court of general sessions or general quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appeal just and reasonable to be paid by either party; which de- Decision of cilion shall be final between the parties, to all intents and purposes, and no writ of certiorari, or other writ or process, shall be allowed for removal of such proceedings into any of his Majesty's superior courts of record; and if, upon hearing the said appeal, Ifthejudge-the judgement of the justices, before whom the appellant shall PJj?* °^b* have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such appellant shall forth- affirmed, with pay the forfeiture or penalty (if any) mentioned in such con- the appellant vicrion, and the costs awarded to be paid by such appellant; and shall pay in default of payrtient thereof, or in case such conviction shall the penalty contain a judgement of imprisonment, such appellant shall imme*" cost* diately be comihitted by the said court to the common gaol or house of correction, according to such conviction, and for the space of time therein mentioned, without bail or mainprize, and also until the payment of such costs as shall be awarded by the same court to be paid by such appellant.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing irt this act Act not to contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, take abridge the " away, or abridge the powers and authorities now by la# givery

Vol. XLIV. O o^to any court

362 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86. [1803.

or to justices to any court, or to any justice or justices of the peace nn Ireland, cowbioation* touching any combinations of artificers, manufacturyrs, journey-of workmen, men> workmen, or labourers, or for settling and adjusting the See. rate or amount of wages to be paid to such journeymen, work-

men, or other persons, or the mode or time of their working or*being employed, or the quantity of work to be done, or touching any matter whatsoever also provided for by this act; but that all such courts and justices shall and may"continue to use, exercise, and execute all the powers and authorities given to them in and by any law or statute or any of them now in force in Ireland., in such and the same manner as they could or might have done-if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

No person

XIX. Provided always, That no person convicted 6f any der thhfalft" offence against this act, and who shall suffer for the same accord-shall be other- ingly> frail he otherwise punished or suffer for such offence by wifepunished. authority of any other law now in force in Ireland.

Limitation of

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit actions. shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of any of the provisions in this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the ge-General issue. nera! issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiff's become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or Other-Treble costs. wife, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. Penalty shall

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all sum and sums of I. Pai<*n money, penalties, and forfeitures in this act specified, mentioned, Irnhcurrency. an(j contamej? shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, in Irish currency, whether the same be so e^pressly, mentioned or not.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

To wit.

FORM of CONVICTJON and COMMITMENT.

1 BE it remembered, That on the day

3 L> of in the year of his

Maj.efty's/reign, and in the yesg* of our Lord

A. E. is convicted before us, [naming the jujlius]y\wo of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county jV, city, liberty; town, or place] of of having [ filing

tbt contrary to the statute m^de in the forty-third year of

\ the reigd of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled [irrr ^Jfateylft jJtle pfjb'ts and we 'the £jid Justices do herebjiorder

i: j.

0.

and

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 86.

and adjudge the said A.B. for the said offence to be committed to and confined in the common gaol for the said county, [or city, liberty, town, or place], for the Ipace of [or to be committed to the house of correction] at within the said county, [or city, liberty, town. Or place], there to be kept to hard labour for the space of Given under

our hands the day and year above written.

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY < PENALTY.

BE it remembered, That on [pursuing the same

form as far as to the end of the title of this act]; and we the said justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said offence to forfeit and lose the sum of to

be distributed as the said act directs. Given under [as before

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a WITNESS.

WHEREAS C. ZX hath been duly summoned to appear and give evidence before us [naming the justices who issued the summons\ two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county [or city, liberty, town, or place] of on

this day of at

being the time and place appointed forhearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of [the informer or prosecutor] before us, against A.B. of having [ fating the offence as laid in the infor* motion] contrary to the statute made in the forty-third year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [hereinfert the title of this at7]: and whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before us at the time and place aforesaid specified for that purpose, proffered any reasonable excuse for his [or her] default, [<?r, and whereas the said C.D. having appeared before us at the time and place aforesaid specified for that purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a witness, and give his [or her] evidence before us, touching the matter of the said complaint, but hath refused so to do]: therefore we the said justices do hereby, in pursuance of the said statute, commit the said C.D. to the [describing the prison\ % there to remain without bail or mainprize for his [or her] contempt aforesaid, until he [or she] shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined and give his [or her] evidence before qs, touching the matter of the said complaint, or mall otherwise be discharged by the due course of law^ and you [the constable, or other peace office? $r officers to whom the wax rapt is fiiretled] are hereby authorised and required to take into your custody the body of the

002 said

564 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 87. fi 8

said C\ D. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said prl and him [or her] there t6 deliver to the gaoler or keeper thgv who is hereby authorised and required to receive into hi^ji tody the body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely tod© and keep, pursuant to this, commitment. Given*undter hands this day in the year

Lord

[This commitment to be diretfed to the proper peace officer, and the gaoler or keeper of the prisonj.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An acto continue, during the restriction on payments in cafb i Bank of Ireland, and to amend an act made in the parliamek Ireland, in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present. - - intituled An act to restrain the negotiation of promissoryj.and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum; and < ' act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year £ present Majesty's reign, to continue and amend the said

[July 11, 1803.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the parliament of Ireland^ the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty's tuled, An act to restrain the negotiation of promissory notes^i inland bills of exchange under a limited futil: and whereas au\ was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth'year's present Mafejlf s reign, to tontinue and amend the said rented aftH the thirty-ninth year aforesaid: and whereas it is expedient to contftf and amend the said recited acts\ be it therefore enacted by the Kir most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pres

- of the same, that!

ame iare altered; during the cc

tinued. tinuance of this atf, as herein after mentioned.

Promissory"or

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all promifljory^fora^leftfum ot^er notes> or undertakings in writing, being negotiable rf that five m transferable for the payment of any sum or sums of money led* guineas, than the sum of five guineas, or on which any sum less than fivtr

iflfued in guineas shall remain undischarged, which shall be made or iffudlr

Ireland after in at any time from and after the first day of January

shall be void! tliouiand eifrht hundred and four, shall be, and the ftme at herebly declared to be absolutely void and of no effect j thing in the said recited acts or this act, or either of the or any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof, anywise notwithstanding.'Jfy

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the ft first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, durir the continuance of this act, any person who shall iflsue, pub!if or negotiate any promissory or other note, or undertaking 1

writing

Irish acts, 39 and 40 Geo. 3.

'Penalty on person8 iflo-ing, &c. such notes.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 88, 89. 565

writing, being negotiable or transferable, contrary to the provisions of this act, shall forfeit the Turn of ten pounds Irish currency; and if any person shall, after the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, during the continuance of this act, give or take in payment any such promissory or other note, or undertaking in writing, every such person shall, for every note or undertaking in writing so given or received in payment as aforesaid, forfeit double the value of the said note or undertaking; and that the said penalties shall and may be recovered in the same manner as any penalties shall and may be recovered under the said recited act of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act not to act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any in-

land bill of exchange, Bank port bill, or draught in writing, for ^exchange, any sum not less than three guineas, which shall or may be issued Bank post*after the said first day of January one thousand eight hundred and bills, &c. for four, under or by virtue of the said recited act of the thirty* ninth f"m* year of his present Majesty's reign; subject nevertheless to the gU*8n.thrce regulations and restrictions in the said recited act mentioned and 8.*

contained.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act nor to the contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the

vernor and company of the Bank of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited acts Continuance and this act shall be and continue in force so long as the of aft. governor and company of the Bank of Ireland are or shall be re-

drained from paying their promissory notes or hills of exchange in cash.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and four, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of Ireland; for holding courts-martial on ferjeapt-majors, fer-jeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the said militia during peace*

- [July 1 r, 1803.]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for providing relief for the families of militia men in Scotland % when called out into actualservice.

[July n, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide relieffor the families of the non-commissioned officers, drummers, and privates, of the militia $/* Scotland, when embodied and called out into actualservice, so long as provision shall continue to be made for the families of such non-commissioned officers, drummers, and privates of the militia of England; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person serving or enrolled in the miKtia of Scotland as a non-commissioned officer missioncdm"

v or officers.

receive a weekly allowance.

§6 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89; [1803.

drummers, or or drummer, or as a ballotted man or substitute, hired man, qr Inernn scot* vo^unteer respectively, shall, when embodied and called out into land, Called* acual service, leave a family unable to support themselves, the outlntoactual family of every such non-commissioned officer, drummer, ballot-service, shall 'ted man, substitute, hired man, or volunteer respectively, flwil receive, in the manner herein after directed, a weekly allowance, according to the usual and ordinary price of labour in husbandry within the county, stewartry, division, district, parish, or place where such family shall dwell, by the following rule$ that ia to say, a sum equal to but not exceeding the price of one day's such labour for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and for the wife of such non-commissioned officer, drummer, ballotted man, substitute, hired man, or volunteer, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children, a sum equal to but not exceeding the price of one day's such labour.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, assembled at any general quarter sessions of the peace held for any county, stewartry, division, or place in Scotland, raising any militia, to settle, ascertain, and regulate the rate of allowance, to be paid under this a & to the families of militia men resident within such county, stewartry, division, or place; and every such rate of allowance so settled, ascertained, and regulated as aforesaid, shall be binding upon all justices of the peace making any order for the payment of allowances under this act in such county, stewartry, division, or place, until ajiy other or new rate of allowance shall be settled by them as afore-

The.justices in quarter femons may regulate the rate of allowance.

No allowance to be made to the wife or family of any person till he shall have joined his corps, or to any wife who shall follow the corps, or leave her child, 8r depart from her home, un lei's under certificate for obtaining. Work, &c. s

Nor to the family of any substitute, hired man, or volunteer, who shall marry after

said.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no af*» lowance shall be ordered or paid under this act to the wife or family of any person.serving in the militia, until such person shall have joined the regiment, battalion, or corps, to which he belongs, or for any longer period than such person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual service, nor in any case j

in which the wife, in respect of or by whom any such relief is I

demanded* shall follow the reejment, battalion, or corps in which her husband shall serve, or shall leave her child or children (if any), or depart from home, un!efs under certificate of any neighbouring justice of the peace, or the minister of the parish in which such relief shall be given, authoring such departure for a time^specified therein, for the purposes of harvest, or obtaining by work a better support for her family, or unless for the purpose of going to reside and residing in the parish or place for which her { husband shall serve, in case, at the time of her husband being called out into actual service, he shall he residing in any other parish or place.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from I and after the passing of this act, no allowance under this act shall be given or ordered to be given to the family of any substitute, hired man, of volunteer, who shall marry after and during the time of his heing called out into actual service, unless such mar-

1'- riage

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89. 567

riage shall have taken place with the consent of the colonel or being called commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which °ut without such militia man shall belong, and such consent shall have been Commanding certified under the hand of such colonel or other commanding Officer#n 8 officer previous to such marriage.

V. And be it further enacted, That the wives and children of Families to

militia men entitled to relief under this act, shall, in the first in- grates of their fiance, obtain a certificate of their inability to maintain them- ^ability to selyes, and the causes thereof, from the minister of the parish in maintain which they reside, who shall sign the same, together with one theimelyes,

heritor or one respectable person occupying land, and paying

the rent of not less than twenty pounds per annum, or in cities or10 towns corporate from the minister and one of the magistrates thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the production of on produc-such certificate to a justice of the peace, such justice shall, if he ^Hficate ^to be satisfied therewith, jnake an order for the payment of a weekly a justice, he allowance, according to the usual and ordinary price of labour Audi order a

in husbandry within such county or stewartry, division or place, weekly al-»whete such family shall dwell, by the following rule; that is to td*

say, a sum equal to but not exceeding the price of one day's such ^ai labour, as ascertained by the justices of the pea0$ at the quarter sessions of such county or stewartry, in the manner-herein directed, for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and for the wife of such militia man, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children, a sum equal to but not exceeding the price of one day's such labour so ascertained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such order so made. Such order with such certificate annexed thereto, shall be transmitted by the ^fmlt-" justice of the peace making the same, to the clerk of the com- ted to the ipissioners of supply of the county or stewartry, city or place, in clerk of com-which such wife or family shall dwell, who shall record the same, missioners of and shall transmit the original order and certificate to the col- of^e le&or of the cess for such county or stewartry, city or placeJ^hoiliall and any clerk of the of failing or neglecting, for the transmit the space of six days after the receipt of such order and certificate, same to the to record and transmit the same in the manner herein directed,

shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for each neglect, to penalty of 5l.

be recovered with double costs of suit, in the same manner that F

any penalty against of of supply is herein directed to

be recovered, one half of which penalty to be applied to the use

of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other half to be

paid to the person or persons suing for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Collector of such collector of the cess, and he is hereby authorised and re- the cess to quired to remit or pay, out of such publick monies as may be ^Uwance in his hands, to the treasurer of the kirk feflkxn of each parish, atto the trea-lead once in every month, a sum sufficient to satisfy and pay surer of the the amount of such orders for relief so transmitted to such col- kirk session. lector; and any colle&Qr failing or neglecting to remit such sum, °feachparish.

568 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89

[1803.

v in the manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay a sum equal

to twice the amount thereof, to be recovered with double costs of suit, by a summary complaint to, be made to the sheriff or stewart depute of the county or stewartry, by any person or persons; one half of which penalty shall be paid to the kirk treasurer, to make good the sum which ought to have been remitted to him by such collector, and the other half to be paid to the person or persons suing for the same.

Treashrerto

IX. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer of the Scttonan kirk kflion, to w^om such sum shall be remitted, shall give a order from receipt for the same, and pay such weekly allowances to persons the minister entitled to receive the same, upon an order in writing from the ofhc P*p(h, minister of the parish, which order, with the receipt of the per-the*recTi^ta ^ons to wb°in the same shall be paid, shall be sufficient vouchers of the persons for the payment of such allowances, and such vouchers shall be towhompaid, transmitted once in every six months at the least to the clerk shall be trans- of the commissioners of supply, to be by him deposited and kept $ SeHcof the16 an<* an^ treasurer of the kirk session, who shall refuse or delay commissioners10 pay such weekly allowances in the manner herein directed, of supply. shall forfeit and pay a sum equal to twice the amount of each sum so refused or delayed to be paid, to be recovered in a summary manner, with double costs or suit, upon complaint made to any justice of the peace of the county or stewartry in which such treasurer resides, by the person or persons to whom the same ought to have been paid, one half of which penalty to be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other half to be paid to the person or persons suing for the same.

Quarter fef- X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be tions to grant lawful for the justices of the peace, assembled at the quarter fef-ta^rersVor ^ons for any courtty* stewartry, division, or place, and they arc ihtir trouble, hereby empowered to grant an allowance to such treasurer of the kirk session for his trouble in paying and keeping the accounts of such disbursements, not exceeding two-pence in the pound of the money paid by him; and the said justices so anembled shall be and they are hereby further empowered to allow a sum equal to the necessary expences incurred by such treasurer of the kirk session, in discharging the duties hereby required of him, which allowances shall be paid by the collector of the county upon the order of such justices, and such order shall be trans-mittedby such collector to the clerk of the commissioners of supply of his county or stewartry, who shall include the sum specified therein, in the amount of the assessment directed to be made pursuant to this a£h provided always, that no such allowance shall be granted to any such treasurer, who shall fail or.omit to transmit the vouchers of his payments to the clerk of the commissioners of supply, in manner herein directed. Commission-

XI. And be it further enacted, That, io order to replace such rrs of supply monies so advanced, by the collector of the cess of each county mwts on or ^wartry» the of of supply of such county or lands and stewartry shall, at their annual meeting atwhich they gflemble houses, tore- to

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89, 569

to assess the land-tax in every year, make an assessment to an place monies amount equal to the monies to advanced by the collector of the advanced by cess, in the following manner; that is to say, upon land, according to the valued rent of the same, and upon houses accord- cct8* ing to the rent or yearly value set on such houses by the latest assessment of the house-tax, and in the following proportions; videlicet, for every such assessment to the amount of one shilling sterling upon one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, an assessment shall be laid upon the rent or yearly value of houses \ so ascertained, at the rate of one penny sterling in the pound of fqch rent or yearly value, and so in proportion for any greater orlefsfum.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such af- Houses not feflment shall be laid upon any house which shall not be rated rated tohonfe-for the house-tax. tax e3CemPted-

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or Nopersonto persons shall be assessed in respect of his, her, or their house or houses, and also irf respect of his, her, or their lands in the same and land la county or stewartry 5 but it shall ^e in the power of the said the same of to lay such assessment upon such person or persons, county, either in respect of such house or houses, or of such lands, as to such of shall seem calculated to produce the highest ? assessment.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That for all Turns so One half of

assessed upon land, the proprietor shall have relief against the assessment to, tenant or occupier therepf for one half of such assessment; and by the

ft every such assessment upon houses shall be paid by the occupierlenan*or occupiers thereof, and every tenant or tenants shall be entitled to deduct from his, her, or their rent, one half of every such assessment so paid by such tenant or tenants.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Turns levied pur- Deficiencies suant to such assessment shall be under the amount remitted by any collector in anyone year, in the manner directed by this s

\ aft, a sum equal to such deficiency shall added to the amount, for which an assessment shall be made in terms of this act, in the following year; and if the sums so levied pursuant to any such assessment shall exceed the amount of the sums remitted by any —

collector in any one year, in the manner herein directed, a sum equal to such excess'may be deduced from the amount of the assessment to be made in the following year.

XVI. Provided always, and be enacted, That in the cities of Howaflefl*-Edinburgh and Glasgow) the magistrates thereof shall and they men* shall be are hereby authorised to levy from the heritors, burgesses, and gjinbui*h inhabitants of such city, their proportion of the assessment to be and Glasgow. made pursuant to this act, to raise the sum necessary to afford

the relief hereby provided to the wives and families of the militia t serving for the said cities, in such manner and in the same'proportions as the cess, (lent, and other publick burthens and contributions are in use by law to be assessed and levied in the said pities.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in In those cities

r the certificates

5; o Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 897 [1803.

and orders for the two cities aforesaid, all certificates and orders for relief shall relief shall be be transmitted from the parishes within the same to the town th^townCd to c^cr^ c*es respectively, who shall, and he is hereby

clerk. required to do all matters and things directed by this act to be

done by the clerk to the of of supply, in any county or stewartry.

Collectors

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such collec-tPoXgwa"Cy for as aforesaid, who shall transmit to the treasurer of the kirk I surer shall session, in manner herein directed, money to pay such weekly I transmit an allowance to the family of any non-commissioned officer or i account drummer, or any private militia man, serving in the militia of 1 colfcftor'of C'any ot^cr county9 stewartry, or division, shall deliver or trans- 1 the county, mit an account of such money as he shall have so transmitted as V aforesaid, signed by one or more justice or justices of the peace j for the county, stewartry, city, or place where such family shall J dwell, to the collector of the county, stewartry, city, or place, in the militia whereof such non-commissioned officer, drummer, or private militia man shall serve; and thereupon the collector to whom such an account shall have been delivered or trans-; mitted as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the collector, who shall have so delivered or transmitted such account, the sum or sums specified therein; and such col- v lector, so receiving or entitled to receive the sums specified in such account, shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of I the of of supply of his county or stewartry; and the collector paying1 the sums specified in such account, (half, ? in the like manner, transmit an account thereof to the clerk 'i of the commissioners of supply of his county or stewartry; and the of of supply of such counties and stewartries re- \ spectively are hereby directed to add to or deduct from the af- ( feflments to be made in terms of this act, the amount of fu&i Aims, according as their collector shall pay or receive the same respectively.

The adjutant

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the adjutant of every of every corps, regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, or, where there shall be or where none no adjutant, the serjeant-major thereof shall, within seven days a^ter twenty"f°urth day of every month, during the time make monthly l^at the militia to which he shall belong (frail remain embodied return to the and in actual service, return to the respective clerks of the com-clerks of the missioners of supply of the county, stewartry, or place to which { otT, f°or such re8iment> battalion, or corps shall belong, a particular lift the vacancies of promotions and vacancies, and all deaths, desertions, and happening other causes of vacancy, that shall have occurred among the therein, and private militia men serving for the several and respective fubdi-ed^vho^iau" v^10ns °I county> stewartry, or place to which such regiment, twnftnit them battalion or corps shall belong, in the calendar months pre- y to the respectceding each such twenty-fourth day as aforesaid, and shall tive treafu- specify the christian and surname of each man so returned, and rers. whether ballotted man, substitute, hired man, or volunteer, and the parish or place for which be was ferving4 and such respective

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 89. 571

clerks of the commissioners of supply shall, within fourteen days after the receipt of such return, transmit proper extracts thereof to the respective treasurers of Xbe kirk session of the respective parishes or places for which any such man shall have been serving.

XX. And be it enacted, That each collector of the land-tax. Account of remitting and paying money as directed by this act, shall, on or before the first day of April in every year* transmit to the lord pajd the chief baron, and other barons of his Majesty's exchequer in Scot- collector of land, an account of all the money so remitted and paid by him^ the* land tax gnd of all the money levied by him pursuant to any % assessment to

made in terms of this a#, for the year preceding the date of qner, &c."and such account; and the clerk of supply of each and every county, proceedings tfewarfry, city and place, transmitting orders and certificates to certified to the any collector of the pefs, is hereby required, within fourteen days King's attor-after the annual meeting of the commissioners of supply, which they assemble to assess the land-tax in every year, to certify to his Majesty's attorney in exchequer in Scotland, what proceedings have been had at such meeting in relation to making the assessments directed to besmade by this act; and in dafe any of of supply shall omit, neglect or refuse to proceed to make the assessments according to the directions of this act, then the clerk of supply of such stewartry, city, or place, shall and he is hereby required, within fourteen days after the meeting gt which such assessment ought to have been made, to certify to his Majesty's attorney in exchequer in Scotland such neglect, omission, or refusal of such of, and the names of such of who shall be present^t such meeting; and his Majesty's attorney in exchequer is hereby required, on receipt of speh certificate, forthwith to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such of to pay due obedience to this act, and to cause such assessment to be made, and the money raised, collected, and paid.

[No substitute

XXI. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, no substitute shall be received for any ballotted man in shall bereceiv-the militia of Scotland^ which substitute shall have more than two roorethantwo lawful children born in wedlock at the time he shall be produced children, nor to be enrolled, in terms of an act passed in the forty-second year shall any al- of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to raifo andlowance he ejlablljha militia force in Scotland, and that no allowance under so^if/ of any this act shall be ordered or paid tef the family of any substitute, substitute, See. hired man, or volunteer, to be enrolled after the passing of this hereafter enact, who shall, at the time of his enrolment, have more than two rolled who lawful children born in wedlock, or who shall have fraudulently morent^fn and falsely represented and declared that he had no wife at the two children, time of his enrolment, or who shall have fraudulently and falsely &c. represented and declared, at the time of such enrolment, that he bad only two children: provided always, that where the substitute, hired man, or volunteer^ who, shall have made such false -

572 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 90. [ 1 I

declaration as aforesaid, shall undertake and make provr the maintenance of his other children, to the satisfaction of justice of the peace to whom any application shall be made this act for the relief of such children, it shall be lawful fori justice to order the allowance under this act to be paid in re of the wife of such substitute, hired man, or volunteer, two children of such family under the age of ten years.

XXII. And whereas persons possessed of the qualification req by the said recited act of the fortysecond year of the reign of his pr& Majesty, cannot he found to act as deputy lieutenants in the comm Who may be Bute and Sutherland, be it enacted, That it shall and may pmTieute^" r^c lieutenant of each of the said counties to ap

ants for Bute l^c stuffs depute of the said counties, or their fuMtttuteiH and Suther- spectively, or any person who shall be seised and possessed of af*& estate of the yearly value of one hundred pounds sterling, or 1

shall be possessed of personal estate alone, or seised or possesset, a real and personal estate together, to the amount or valu^St two thousand pounds sterling; and if persons possessed of y' above qualification cannot be found, then it shall and may ? lawful for the lieutenants of the said counties, with the appn*tion of his Majesty* to appoint the magistrates of royal burghs, of burghs of regality or barony, situated within the said courral respectively, or justices in the commission-fcf the peace for tlb said counties, to be deputy lieutenants of the said counties respectively, (the names of such person or persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty) to be deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants* of the said counties respectively.

Act may be altered or rc*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament.

CAP. XC.

An act for enlarging the limits of the Southern whale fishery.

[July 11, 1803.]

3? Geo. j, c. 57.

4a Geo. 3. c. it

Ships fitted out, and licensed conformably to

WHEREAS it is expedient further tb encourage the Southern whale fisheries, by extending the limits prescribed in two acts of parliament \ one passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign9 intituled An act for the further encouragement of the*Southern whale fisheries; the other, passed in the forty second year of his present Majesty's reign9 intit tiled9 An act for continuing the < premiums allowed to ships employed in, and for enlarging the limits of, the Southern whale fishery; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this, present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful for any ship or vessel fitted ind clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said first-mentioned act, and failing or passing to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 91. 573

Mope, for the purpose of carrying on the fishery, and having the first re-patted beyond fifty-one degrees of east longitude from London^ to fail or pass to the northward as far as ten degrees of southern la- ofe

titude, but not farther northward until she shall have failed or the Cape of patted to the east ward of one hundred and fifteen degrees of east cood. Hope, longitude; and having patted beyond one hundred and fifteen degrees of east longitude from London, to fail or pass to the north-^ward as far as one degree of northern latitude, but no farther to limits herein the northward, until such ship or vessel shall have failed or patted to specified. the east ward of one hundred and eighty degrees of east longitude from London; any thing in the said acts, or any law, usage, or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II., And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful I/imitsfpeci-for any ship or vessel fitted and clearing out, and licensed con-_fic^n fattuig formably to the said first-mentioned act, and failing or patting to ^ape

the west ward of Cape Horny or through the Streights of Magellan, Horn, &c. for the purpose of carrying on the fishery, and having patted beyond one hundred and eighty degrees of west longitude from London, to fail or pass to the northward as far as ten degrees southern latitude, but not farther, until (he shall have failed or patted within fifty-one degrees of east longitude from London; any thing in the said acts, or any law, usage, or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCI.

An act for granting to his Majesty jra certain sum of money, to be raised by lotteries.

[July n, 1803.]

1, 051*333l. 6j. 8 d! to be raised by three lotteries'to con frit of 80, 000 tickets at 13l. $s. 1J. each. All persons who have made deposits of tL 10s. for ^ach ticket pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of the subscription for the tickets in the three lotteries at the times following; viz. For 14, 000 tickets in the first lottery 3l. 13j. 1 d. on July 12, 1803; 4l. on August; and 4l. on August3.

And for the tickets in the second lottery 3l. 13J. id. on October 4, 1803

4l. on November 3; and 4l. on December 15. And for the tickets in the third lottery 3l. 13s. id, oh February 1, 1804; 4l. on March 8; and 4l. on April 17; and the contributors for every 13l. 31. id. advanced shall be intituled to such share upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay the whole contribution money towards the first lottery before August 1, 1803; or those who pay the whole, money towards the second lottery before November*, 1803; or those who pay the whole money towards the third lottery before March 7, 1804; to be allowed difeoupt at 5l. per cent, per annum from the day on which such payments shall have been actually made to August 13, 1803, in resperi of the first lotttry to December 15, 1803, for the second lottery, and to April 17/1804, for the third lottery, and to have tickets delivered at 13l. 3j. id,; Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the of of the treasury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer.

Treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier.33, 333l.

6s,4, to be retained towards payment of the fortunate tickets and 1x7.444/, 81. xid, may be applied to the servicesof Ireland. 700, 000l.

shall be divided into prizes, and paid out of the supplies granted this session. Managers and; dire$Qr& of the lotteries shall be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery bo^ks. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the Bank, taking a

374 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 91. [1803.

receipt for the same. Cashiers to retUrrt the books, With the Undifjtofed tickets, and acoopnt of money received and paid in Undisposed ticktti to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk, and cut off indentwiseinto a box marked with the letter (A.) and put into another box to be locked up and sealed. Books for the first lottery to be prepared with two columns, on each of which4, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. One prize of 20, 000l.' two of 10, 000l. one of 5, 000l. eight of t 000l. twelve of 500l. thirty of 100l. forty of 50l. six thousand and fifty of 20l. 20 000l. to the owner of the first drawn

ticket on the seventh day; and 5, 000l. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the last day. Tickets in the outermost column of the last-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B.), Sec. Publick notice to' be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. First lottery to begin drawing on September 5, 1803. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets, Sec. fJony. Offenders (not in prison^ difeo-vering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. \ Managers to be sworn. Caliber may receive the sums subscrib.ed; giving a note for the Came, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13l. 3l. id. paid.' After July n, 1804., the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding'in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits; and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, &c. as thty shall think fit. The 700, 000.for the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any supplies granted this session, and shall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction, within two months after the conclusion of the drawing. &c. Managers to give notice of the time for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &c. Treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of ao/. No perfoif (A take dowrt the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk by the managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive from ihe (lamp-office numerical books, which shall be damped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery-offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the number of tickets drawn. &c. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants fjr apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any person. and carried before a magi it rate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Fifty pounds penalty on persons summoned as witness not appearing, &c. Penalty may he mitigated. Convictions not removeable. Persons before dealing in lottery-tickets shall take out a licence. Commissioners for stamps in England, and of appointed in Ireland, shall grant licences for lottery-offices, on payment of the duty mentioned in this act. Licence I to continue in force until June 1, 1804- No licence to be granted for any lottery-office within the universmes of Oxford apd Cambridge. Licensed person 8 in Great Britain shall deposit and divide into shares thirty tickets in each of the three lotteries, or licence shall be void, See. Licensed persons not having the words Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, ' on the front of their (hop to forfeit 20l. each dav. ao/. penalty on unlicensed persons, Sec. having such word r thereof!. Persons keeping an office contrary to the licence shall forfeit roo/. Persons to whom licences are'granted to give security by bond. Commissioners of stamp* shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery-tickets, unless it shall appear the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, add unless he shall have deposited thirty tickets, &c. KXeCutoss, &c. may be authorised to carry on bufihefs for the residue of the term o!F licences. Persons convicted of offences against this act shall forfeit their licence. Persons

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c.pi- 575

counterfeiting licences, or using such as are counterfeited, shall forfeit 500l. Time for Transacting business in lottery-offices from eight in the / morning to eight in the evening, and persons acting otherwise shall forfeit 50l. No chances of any tickets for any less time than the whole time of drawing shall be sold, or insurance made for or again#: the drawing of any ticket; nor shall any person publish any proposal for such purpose on penary of 50l. No tickets to be divided into any otherlhares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths on penalty of 50l. Application and recovery of penalties. Persons counterfeiting shares guilty of felony. Commissioners of damps shall establflh an office in London or Westmin- / fter, for the deposit of tickets intended to be sold in shares. Receiver-general of damps to give a receipt for the lame, which shall not be transferable. Books shall be kept by the receiver-general for registering

such tickets, which may be impeded on paying two-pence. Receiver-general shall be paid two-pence for every share, into which the ticket deposited shall be divided. Persons felling shares otherwise than on damped paper shall forfeit 50l. Tickets so deposited in Great Britain or Ireland for the purpose of being fold in shares shall continue in possession of the receiver-general for certain periods. Application of the fees received at the damp office in Great Britain. Account shall be kept in the auditor's office separate from other mdnies. Application of the money received on account of licences to keep lottery-offices in Ireland. Persons preparing or having in their custody any regider or lift of tickets but as particularised in this act, or keeping any place for examining tickets, &c.

shall forfeit 5l. Managers and directors of the lottery may, with the approbation of the treasury, postpone the drawing, and appoint the number of ticket* in the second and third lotteries, and the number and value of the fortunate tickets, &c. also the time and place of drawing, and give notice thereof in the London Gazette. Each of the said lotteries shall be drawn in eight days, with such intervals as shall be appointed. Regulations directed to be observed in the first lottery shall apply to the others.

Oirqomplaint on oath of offences against Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties maybe liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, &c. persons discovered in such houses concerned in carrying on Illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, &c. Penalty on persons obstructing officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which actions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process, &c.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds maybe committed. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari.

CAP. XCII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on the importation of goods, wares, and merchandize, into, and on goods, wares, and merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain duties of excise on spirits and malt distilled and made in Ireland.

[July 13, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and for the support of your Majesty's gov, cmmei}t, hive freely ind voluntarily resolved 40 give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties herein after mentioned $ and c dp therefore most humbly beseech

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio Georgii III. c. 92. [1803.

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, lJiTan ad* That, and a^ter the fourteenth day of July one thousand ditional duty eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, of 10l. per collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs cent, imposed and successors, in ready money net, an additional import or

of the dutie^ after l^e rate tCB Poun<*s on ever>' one hundred pounds now payable amount of the duties of customs inwards, and import

on customs excise, which shall be due and payable in Ireland to his Majesty, inwards, and his heirs and successors, under or by virtue of any act or import excise. acts

in force in Ireland^ immediately before the passing of this act, and which shall be collected for and upon any goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into Ireland, (except as herein after is excepted) \ which said additional import: or duty of ten pounds shall be paid upon the gross amount of the said duties, without any discount or allowance to be made therefrom*

Goals not en- / And be it further ena&eJ, That the said additional duty which duty is hereby granted and imposed, shall be charged and payable on all not paid or goods, wares, and merchandize, which shall not have been secured before entered, or on which the duties due and payable thereon before Jjdy x4> al- the said fourteenth day of July shall not have been paid or ported prtvi- ^ecure<* H bond, notwithstanding such goods, wares, and mer-ous to that*chandize may have been imported into Ireland on or before the day, shall be laid fourteenth day of July.

charged with

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall fluty. extend or be construed to extend to charge with the aforesaid

<*rta?u art! °*additional duty hereby granted the following articles, or any of

des from the themi tlut "»hY> additional 1

duty.

---

Bullion, or foreign Coin of Gold and Silver.

Fresh Fish taken and imported in ships or vessels of the built of the united kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered according to law.

Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or Grain.

Flax, rough or undressed.

Linseed, or Flax Seed.

Hemp, or Tow of Hemp.

Hemp Seed.

Iron unwrought.

Allies of all kinds, including Barilla.

Smalts.

Salt.

Saltpetre.

Oak Bark.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs; and Firs and Skins of the produce of and imported from any British colony or plantation in America.

Sheep's

[Rest of pages missing.]

[From Scraped text.]

CAP. XCII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on the importation of goods, wares, and merchandize, into, and on goods, wares, and merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain duties of excise on spirits and malt distilled and made in Ireland.

[July 13, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in

✔ parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to

defray your Majesty's publick expences, and for the support of

your Majesty's government, have freely and voluntarily resolved

togive and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties

hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech

your

575

576 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92. [1803.

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

S

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same , To

From July14, That, from and after the fourteenth day of July one thousand

1803, an ad-

ditional duty eight hundred and three, there shall be granted, raised, levied,

of 10l. per collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs

cent. imposed and successors, in ready money net, an additional impost or

Goo

on the amount duty after the rate of ten pounds on every one hundred pounds

of the duties of the amount of the duties of customs inwards, and import

now payable

oncustoms

excise, which shall be due and payable in Ireland to his Majesty, ric

inwards, and his heirs and successors , under or by virtue of any act or

import excise. acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the passing of

this act, and which shall be collected for and upon any goods,

wares, and merchandize, imported into Ireland, (except as

hereinafter is excepted) ; which said additional impost or duty

often pounds thall be paid upon the gross amount of the said IV

duties, without any discount or allowance to be made there-

foref

from.

Goodsnot en- II. And be it further enacted, That the said additional duty de

which duty is hereby granted and imposed, shall be charged and payable on all

notpaid or goods, wares, and merchandize, which shall not have been

Ju

securedbefore entered, or on which the duties due and payable thereon before

July14, al-

the said fourteenth day of July thall not have been paid or

though im-

portedprevi-

secured by bond, notwithstanding such goods, wares , and mer-

ous to that

chandize may have been imported into Ireland on or before the

day, shali be

said fourteenth day of July.

duty . charged with

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall

extend or be construed to extend to charge with the aforesaid

Exemption of additional duty hereby granted the following articles , or any of

certain arti-

cles from the

them; that is to say,

additional

cha

pu

be

7

oft

duty . Bullion, or foreign Coin of Gold and Silver.

Fresh Fith taken and imported in ships or vessels of the built of

the united kingdom, owned, navigated, and registered

according to law.

Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or Grain .

Flax , rough or undressed.

f

Linfeed, or Flax Seed.

Hemp, or Tow of Hemp.

Hemp Seed .

Iron unwrought.

Athes of all kinds, including Barilla .

Smalts.

Salt.

Saltpetre.

Oak Bark.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs; and Firs and Skins of

the produce of and imported from any British colony

or plantation in America Sheep's

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92 . 577

Sheep's Wool .

• Spanish Wool.

- Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax.

Tobacco .

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the growth, produce, or

manufacture of Great Britain, imported directly from

thence into Ireland.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Ireland, having

been imported into Great Britain from Hudson's Bay

by the Hudson's Bay company.

Articles of Provision, which are or shall be permitted to be

entered and landed in Ireland without payment of

any duty, by virtue and under the authority of any

order or orders of the lord - lieutenant or other chief

governor or governors of Ireland in council.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Goodsbonded

aforesaid additional duty granted by this act shall not be charged and ware-

housed before

or payable on any goods, wares, or merchandize, in cafe the July 14, shall

whole of the duties due thereon at the time of importation shall not be liable

have been secured by bond on or before the said fourteenth day to duty; but

of July , and such goods, wares, and merchandize shall have if taken out

been warehoused, and shall remain on the said fourteenth day of sumption,

for home con-

July in his Majesty's warehouses, under or by virtue or authority they shall be

of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland, on or imme-liable.

diately before the said fourteenth day of July : provided always,

that the aforesaid additional duty granted by this act shall be

charged and payable on all such of the said goods, wares, and

merchandize as shall be taken out of any such warehouses for

the purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland , and shall be

paid before such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be so taken

out of the said warehouses. Jab sa

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the four- Former duty

teenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the on faltpetre

duties payable on faltpetre imported int imported re-

into Ireland , under and by pealed, and

virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland immediately before a duty of 3d .

the said fourteenth day of July, shall cease and determine ; and per cwt. im-

that, from and after the said fourteenth day of July, there shall posed.

اهدی

be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his

Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of three- pence for and

upon every hundred weight of saltpetre which shall be imported

into Ireland; and so in proportion for any greater or less

quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the four- Former duties

teenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, the on silk manufactures im-

several duties now payable on manufactures of silk, mixed or ported into

unmixed with any other material, being the manufacture of Ireland from

Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland , shall cease Great Britain,

and determine ; and that, from and after the said fourteenth shall cease,

day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be and the fol--

granted , raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, for and mall but

lowingduties

VOL. XLIV. PP upon

1

578 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII GIIIII.

III . C. 92. [1803.

upon all manufactures of silk, mixed or unmixed with any

other material, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and

imported directly from thence into Ireland , the several and respective duties following ; that is to say,

For and upon all ribbons and stuffs of silk only, a duty of

two shillings and sixpence halfpenny for every pound weight

thereof , containing sixteen ounces :

For and upon all silk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or

silver , a duty of three shillings and four- pence for every pound

weight thereof, containing sixteen ounces :

For and upon all silk stockings, silk gloves , silk fringe, silk

laces, stitching and sewing silk, a duty of one shilling and fix-

pence farthing for every pound weight thereof , containing sixteen

ounces :

For and upon all manufactures of silk , not otherwise enume-

rated or described, a duty of two shillings and one halfpenny

for every pound weight thereof, containing sixteen ounces :

For and upon all stuffs of silk and grogram yarn, a duty of

seven- pence farthing for every pound weight thereof , containing

sixteen ounces :

For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with incle or cotton, a

duty of ten-pence three farthings for every pound weight thereof ,

containing sixteen ounces :

For and upon all stuffs of silk and worsted mixed, a duty of

five - pence for every pound weight thereof , containing sixteen

ounces:

For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with any other material,

L

aduty of seven- pence and seven-eighths of a penny for every

poundweight thereof , containing sixteen ounces ; and fo in pro-

portion for any greater or less quantity of the said filks .

Theduties

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

now payable fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three,

on refined fu-

gars imported the several duties now payable on refined sugar, being the ma-

into Ireland nufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ire-

from Great land , shall cease and determine ; and that, from and after the

Britain, shall said fourteenth day of fuly one thousand eight hundred and three,

cease , and the

following duties shall

there shall be granted, raised, collected, and paid unto his

Majesty, for and upon all refined fugars of the manufacture of

bepaid.

Great Britain, which shall be imported directly from thence

into Ireland , the several and respective duties following ; that is

to say,

For and upon all fugars called Bastards, white or ground, a

-ini es duty of one pound three ( hillings and ten-pence for every hundred weight thereof , containing one hundred and twelve

pounds:

For and upon all sugar called Lumps, a duty of two pounds

four shillings and eight-pence halfpenny for every hundred

SEND weight thereof , containing one hundred and twelve pounds : For

F

F

G

Mer

A

WO

A

VI

here

SA

IX

2

Go

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92. 579

For and upon all sugar called Single LoafSugar, a duty of two

pounds seven shillings and eight- pence for every hundred weight

thereof , containing one hundred and twelve pounds :

For and upon all sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf

Sugar, a duty of two pounds eleven shillings and two- pence

three farthings for every hundred weight thereof , containing

one hundred and twelve pounds :

For and upon all sugar called Sugar Candy Brown, a duty of

Er two pounds four shillings and eight-pence halfpenny for every

- hundred weight thereot, containing one hundred and twelve

pounds :

For and upon all sugar called Sugar Candy White, a duty of

two pounds eleven shillings and two- pence three farthings for

✓ every hundred weight thereof , containing one hundred and

twelve pounds :

2

And for and upon all sugar refined of any other fort, a duty of

two pounds eleven shillings and two-pence three farthings for

every hundred weight thereof , containing one hundred and

-twelve pounds :

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of the

said fugars.<

٠٤

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Additional

duties to be

fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, paid on ex-

there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto portation .

his Majesty, his heirs and successors , an additional duty, after

the rate of one pound for every one hundred pounds of the true

✓ and real value of all goods, wares, and merchandize (except as

12

hereinafter is excepted ) of the growth, produce, or manufacture

of Ireland, which shall be exported from Ireland to any part of

Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar ;

and an additional duty, after the rate of three pounds for every

one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all goods,

wares, and merchandize ( except as hereinafter is excepted )

which shall be exported from Ireland to any port or place what-

3

ever not being in Europe , or within the Streights of Gibraltar,

nor within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in

Exemption of

this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

certain goods

from the ad-

charge with the said additional duties on exportation any of the

ditional ex-

goods, wares, and merchandize following ; that is to say,

portduties.

Bullion

CL

Goods , Wares, or Merchandize exported from Ireland to Great

Britain.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Ireland exported to Hud-

fon's Bay by the Hudson's Bay company.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Ireland exported to the

Isle of Man, which may legally be exported to the said

island .

PP2 Cotton

580 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92. [1803 .

Cotton Yarn or other Cotton Manufactures being the manufacture of Ireland.

Corn or Grain.

Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly re-

fined, or any refined sugar called Bastards, or ground or

powdered sugar, or refined sugar broken in pieces , or

any sugar called Candy, or inelasses made from sugar of

the British plantations .

Any fort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or other Goods

fit and necessary for the British fishery established in the

island of Newfoundland, or for the use and support of the

marines or other persons employed on board the vessels,

or on shore in carrying on the said fishery, exported from

Ireland to the said island .

Afurther X. And be it further enacted , That, from and after the four-

additional teenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, there

duty of d .

pergallon to shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for

bepaidon the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon

single spirits every gallon of rum, brandy, geneva, or other foreign spirits,

imported, andperfectly made and not exceeding single proof , which, on the

tion to fo in propor- said fourteenth day of July, shall be in any of his Majesty's stores

in Ireland, or which shall, on or after the said fourteenth day of

strength.

يف

July, be imported into Ireland , or which having been imported

before the said fourteenth day of July, shall not have been en-

tered, a further additional duty of nine-pence, and so in propor-

tion for any greater or less quantity ; and for every gallon of

such spirits above the quality of single spirits, which shall be imported into Ireland , a further duty on such spirits in proportion

to the duty payable for single spirits of the fame denomination,

according to the comparative degree of strength which such

spirits shall bear to single spirits ; which said additional duties

shall be over and above all other duties imposed on such spirits

by virtue of any act or acts now in force in Ireland , and in addition to the said duty of ten pounds per centum herein-before

granted and imposed by this act.

From July 14, XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

201803, thefol- fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three,

lowing addi- there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid , to

tional duties

shall be paid, and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors , for and

viz. onspirits upon every gallon of spirits , aqua vitæ, or strong waters, which

made in Ire shall be made or distilled in Ireland from malt, or from corn or

land, gd . per grain , or from melasses or sugar, or any other material, an ad-

gallon :

ditional duty of nine-pence, over and above all other duties

payable thereon under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in

Ireland immediately before the said fourteenth day of July, and

after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity; which said

additional duty shall be be paid by the maker or distiller of such

spirits respectively .

on British

im-

piritedinto XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

aid fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and

10 three,

IX

0022

P

paid

an

eve

Irel

cur

qua

P

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92. 581

three, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, Ireland, 10d.

to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an

1-12th per

additional duty of ten-pence and one- twelfth part of a penny for gallon:

and upon every gallon of spirits distilled or made in Great Britain,

which shall be imported from thence into Ireland , and after the

fame rate for any greater or less quantity ; which said additional

duty shall be over and above all other duties imposed on the im-

portation of such spirits into Ireland, under or by virtue of any act

or acts in force immediately before the said fourteenth day of

July one thousand eight hundred and three.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the on maltmade

fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, in Ireland,

at there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and Is. Id . per

barrel:

for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon

every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made

in Ireland of barley or any other corn or grain, whether the

same shall be or shall not be for sale, an additional duty of one

shilling and one penny over and above all other duties payable

thereon, under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland

on or before the said fourteenth day of July, and after the same

rate for any greater or less quantity ; which further duty mall

be paid by the malster or maker of such malt.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the on British beerimported

passing of this act, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected , into Ireland ,

ist and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef - 9d. 39. per

fors , an additional duty of nine-pence three farthings for and barrel:

upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing thirty- two gallons,

brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence

into Ireland , and after the same rate for any greater or less

quantity , which said additional duty shall be over and above all

other duties imposed on the importation of such beer or ale into

Ireland by any act or acts in force in Ireland immediately before

is the said fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and

three.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said and on British

maltimported

fourteenth day of July, there shall be granted, raised, levied, into Ireland ,

collected, and paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs 75. 7d. per

and successors , for and upon every barrel of malt, ground or barrel.

unground, made in Great Britain, of barley or any other corn

or grain, and imported from thence into Ireland , a duty of seven

thillings and seven-pence, and so in proportion for any greater

or less quantity ; which said duty shall be in lieu of all other

duties payable upon the importation of such malt into Ireland ,

immediately before the said fourteenth day of July.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted ,Dutyof Is Id.

raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the use of his Ma- per barrel on

jesty, his heirs and fuccessors, a further duty of one shilling and maltin store

✓ one penny for and upon every barrel of malt which shall have 1803.

on June 24 ,

been or shall be in the possession of any person in Ireland , on or

after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred

and three, and which shall have been charged with the duty

payable

582 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 92. [1803.1

payable thereon, under or by virtue of any act or acts in force

immediately before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three.

XVII. And, in order tofecure the said last-mentioned duty upon

Officer shall

malt, be it enacted, That any officer or officers of excise in Ireland

take account

of all such

shall take an account of the just and true quantity of all malt,

malt , and make return

whether ground or unground, in the possession of any person in

Ireland, on the said twenty- fourth day of June one thousand

to thecollec- eight hundred and three, and of all malt in the possession of any

tor .

person after that day on which the said additional duty of one

shilling and one penny per barrel shall not have been charged,

in such manner as such officer or officers is or are now required

by law to take an account of any malt, and shall make a return

or report in writing to the collector of the district in which such

person shall reside, or in which his or her malthouse or stores

shall be situated , of the just and true quantity of all such malt ,

and of the said duty of one shilling and one penny payable

thereon, over and above the duty theretofore payable thereon ;

and such return or report shall be a charge on every such person

ch

respectively.

Persons

charged shall

paysaid duty

within one

month after

return of

officer , onpe

nalty of50l.

anddouble

duty .

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all persons charged with

the said last -mentioned additional duty, in respect ofso having malt

in their possession as aforesaid, shall, within one calendar month

from the day on which such return or report shall be made, pay

to the collector of the district all such duties as shall be due from

them respectively, for or on account of such malt, unless such

malt shall be sooner removed, in which cafe the said duties shall

be paid for all such malt before the same shall be removed, and

before any permit for removing or conveying the same shall be

granted; and that all persons so having malt in their possession,

who shall not pay within the time aforesaid the duty charged on

all such malt, or shall remove any such malt, without having

paid or cleared all the said duty, shall , for each offence, forfeit

the sum of fifty pounds , together with double the amount of the

duty chargeable on such malt.

Malt in tran-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all malt, for the re-

fitu thall

charged with moval of which, from any place in Ireland to any other place

additional within the fame, either coastwise or by canal or land carriage,

duty onits for which a coast cocket or permit shall have been granted,

arrival, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight

after June 24. hundred and three, and which shall arrive at the place of its

destination on or after the said twenty- fourth day of June , hall,

14on its arrival , become charged with the said additional duty of one

hilling and one penny per barrel ; and the officers of revenue

shall make a return or report thereof in writing, to the collector

of the district, in like manner as herein-before directed, with

respect to the account to be taken by the officers , of malt in

the poffession of any person on the said twenty-fourth day of

June; and the person into whose possession such malt shall come

on or after the said twenty-fourth day of June, thall be charged

with and pay duty for the fame, at such time and in such

manner

- 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92. 583

manner as is herein -before directed, with respect to malt in the

possession of any person on the said twenty-fourth day of June ;

and no other permit shall be granted for the further removal of

the fame, until the said duty on the full quantity of malt, for

the removal of which a permit shall be required, shall be paid .

XX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted , Duties of ex-

raised, levied , collected, and paid unto and for the use of his cife on wines

in stores of

Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all wines, which, dealers, &c.

on the said twenty-fourth day of June, were in the stores or on June 24,

warehouses of any importer of , dealer in, feller, or retailer ofviz . French,

wine in Ireland, the respective duties of excise following ; that 77 ; Portugal

and Madeira,

is to say, for and upon each and every tun of French wine the &c. 41. 10s .;

fum of seven pounds; for and upon each and every tun ofRhenith, 31.

Portugal and Madeira, Spanish and Canary wine, and all wines 105.; other

of the dominion of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily, wines, 31. 55 .

the sum of four pounds and ten shillings ; for and upon each and

per tun.

every tun of Rhenish wines, and wines of Germany and Hungary,

the sum of three pounds and ten shillings ; and for and upon

✓ each and every tun of any other fort of wines, not otherwise

enumerated, the sum of three pounds and five shillings , and fo

in proportion for any greater or less quantity of such wines

respectively.

XXI. And, far ascertaining the stock of all foreign wines be-

longing to all importers of , and dealers in, or fellers or retailers of

foreign wines, on the said twenty- fourth day of June, and for

securing the said duties of excise thereon ; be it further enacted,

That every importer of , dealer in, feller or retailer of foreign To ascertain

wine, who shall have had on the said twenty-fourth day of June stock ofwine

any foreign wire in his, her, or their possession, in any ware- of dealers ,

in the hands

house, store- room, shop, cellar, vault, or other place, or in returns shall

the custody or possession of any other person , for his, her, or be made by

their use, shall , within ten days from and after the passing of them onoath ,

this act , deliver at the office of the collector of excise of the on penalty of

500l. and

district in which such wine shall have been on the said twenty - forfeiture of

fourth day of June, a just, true and particular account, in wri- wine.

ting , of the quantity of all the foreign wine which shall , on the

said twenty-fourth day of June, have so been in the custody or

possession of such dealer in, feller, or retailer of foreign wine, in

every such warehouse, storehouse, room, shop, cellar, vault, or

other place, or in the custody or possession of any person, for his

or her use, describing the places in which the same shall be, and

the situation thereof , and distinguishing such foreign wines from

each other, according to the true denomination thereof , as the

4

same are herein-before described, and also distinguishing whether

such wines are white or red ; and all wine in bottles shall be

accounted for according to the number of bottles, without expressing the number of gallons of wine contained in such bottles ;

and every such importer of , dealer in, feller, or retailer of foreign

wine shall make oath, or if a quaker, a solemn affirmation,

before any chief commissioner or fub -commissioner of excise,

that such account is a true, just, and perfect account of all

such

584 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 92. [1803.

such wines as aforesaid , which oath or affirmation any such commissioner or fub- commissioner is hereby authorised to administer;

and every such importer, dealer, seller, and retailer, who shall

neglect to deliver or to cause to be delivered such account with-

in the time aforesaid, and to make such oath or affirmation, or

who shall deliver or cause to delivered, any false or untrue account, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and all such

foreign wine, of which such account shall not be delivered, or of

which any false or untrue account shall be delivered, together

with the cafks, bottles, jars, vessels , and packages containing the

fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seised by any officer

or officers of his Majesty's revenue.

Wineon

which duty

not paid be-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all wines which,

before the said twenty -fourth day of June, shall have been im-

fore June 24,

ported, the duties payable upon the import of which shall not

shall be con-

have been fully paid and discharged on or before the said day ,

fidered as in

shall be considered as wines remaining in his Majesty's stores or

the King's stores , and pay

warehouses on the said day, and shall be charged accordingly,

the 10l. per

and the proprietor thereof shall be subject to the said duty of ten

cent. accord- poundsper centum herein -before mentioned on the amount of the

ingly.

duties payable thereon on importation, and the said duty shall be

charged and payable in all respects in like manner as any former

duty due on the said wines .

Officers may XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

enter and take

account of all lawful for any officer or officers of excise, as soon after the passing

wines; pe- of this act as conveniently may be, to enter into all or any of the

nalty on pre- warehouses , storehouses, rooms, shops , cellars, vaults , and other venting them, places of any importer of , or dealer in , or feller of foreign wine, 5001. whether by wholesale or retail, and into any place where any wine belonging to any importer of , dealer in, or feller or retailer

ofwine shall be, and by tasting, gauging, or otherwise to take an

account of the quality and quantity of all wine then and there

found in the custody of or belonging to any such importer,

dealer, feller, or retailer, in any cask or in any vessel except

bottles, and also to take an account of all such wine which shall

be then and there found in bottles in any other manner than by

tafting the same, or by uncorking or opening the bottles containing such wine; and ifany officer or officers of excise shall not, on demand made by him or them at any such warehouse, store-

house, room, shop, cellar, vault, or other place, be admitted

therein, or shall not be suffered to take an account of all wines ,

or if such importer, dealer, seller, retailer, or person having cuf-

tody or poffession of such wines, shall neglect or refuse to shew, or cause to be shewn, to such officer all the wines in every such

warehouse or other place ; such importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or

other person, into or at whose warehouse or other place such

officer shall not be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take an

account of all wines therein , and every such importer, dealer,

seller , retailer, or other person who shall refuse or neglect to shew,

or cause to be shewn, to such officer all such wines as aforesaid ,

shall, for every such offence or default respectively, forfeit the fum

offive hundred pounds.

XXIV .

2

r

Corte

of

an

chang

tha

din

of

ber

fo

itof

KVIL

سا

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 92. 585

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers may

lawful for any officer of excise, and every such officer is hereby take samples

of wine, pay-

authorised and empowered to take at any time or times, a sample ing for the

or samples of any such foreign wine, whether in bottles or in fame.

casks, or in any other vessel or vessels, paying for the same for

every quart of wine the usual price thereof; and if such officer or Penalty for

officers shall not be permitted to take such sample or samples as being ob-

aforesaid upon his offering to pay for the fame after the rate afore- structed , 100% .

said , or shall in anywise be obstructed or hindered in taking such

sample or samples, the importer, dealer in, seller, or retailer of

such wine, or other person in whose custody such wine shall

be , shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of one

hundred pounds .

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officers shall

officer and officers of excise, within ten days after the taking ofmakereturns

of the stock of

such account, as is by this act directed to be taken in manner wine so taken

aforesaid, of the said wines in the custody of or belonging to any by them, and

importer of , dealer in , seller, or retailer of foreign wines, shall the duty of

make a return or report in writing to the collector of excise of excise under

their respective districts of the just and true quantity of all such this act.

wine, of which such account shall have been taken as aforesaid,

distinguishing such foreign wines in manner aforesaid from each

other, and of the duties of excise hereby charged thereon respectively; and the sums charged in such returns or report shall

be a charge on such importer, dealer, feller, or retailer, who shall

pay the said duty of excise accordingly , in case such return or

report shall contain a greater quantity ofwines than shall be com-

prized in the account herein directed to be returned by the im-

porter of , dealer in, feller , or retailer of wines; otherwise the

account given by such importer, dealer, seller, or retailer, shall

be a charge on him or her, and he or she shall pay the said duty

ofexcise accordingly.

XXVI. And be it further enacted , That every person charge- Duties on

able with the said respective duties of excise shall , within three wine instore

thallbe paid

calendar months from the said twenty -fourth day of June, pay to within three

the collector of excise the said duties in respect of all such wine in months.

his or her possession , or in the possession of any other person

or

persons for his or her use as aforesaid; and in default of payment

thereof at the time aforesaid, every such person so charged as aforesaid thall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and double the

amount of the duty for which he shall be fo chargeable as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if the importer , dealer, Wine fold

feller , or retailer of any such wines thall have fold, or thall fell thall not be

the fame, or any part thereof , and thall be desirous of removing stock before

moved out of

the fame out of his stock before the expiration of the said term of the end of

three months, no permit shall be granted for the removal thereof , three months,

unless the said respective duties of excise hereby imposed, and all unless duty

other duties of customs and excise due thereon, shall have been paid.

previously paid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Discount of

shall be fo charged with, or be liable to the said respective duties forPuchent.

of

536 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 92. [1803.

prompt pay- of excise, shall pay the same, or any part thereof , before the ex-

ment.

piration of the said three months, every such person shall be allowed

10

ப

totenias , a discount for prompt payment, a sum out of such duties of

excise as he or she shall so pay, after the rate of six pounds per

D

centum per annum for such time as the same shall be paid before

Wine in

the expiration of the said three months .

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all wines in his

King's stores

shall be liable Majesty's stores in Ireland, belonging to any importer of , dealer

to all duties in, seller, or retailer of foreign wine, shall be subject and liable to

due from pro- all such duties remaining unpaid as are payable or chargeable on

prietor ,and

shall not be all or any other foreign wines of such importer, dealer, feller, or

removedtill

retailer ; and that no wine shall be removed out of his said Ma-

such duties

jesty's stores unless and until as well the duties incurred on the

are paid.

importation of such wines as the said additional duties hereby

charged and imposed, and also all other duties charged on any

other foreign wine, and due and payable by the proprietor of the

wine required to be removed, shall have been fully paid and

satisfied .

e

Winehaving

paid 107. per

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

cent. duty ,

nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to

shall not be chargeable with excise

extend to charge any foreign wine on which the said additional

import duty of ten pounds per centum shall have been charged

duty.

and actually paid, with the payment of any duties of excise on

such wine, under or by virtue of this act ; any thing herein con-

No drawback

tained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

allowed of

XXXI . And be it further enacted, That the several duties by

this act imposed and made payable on the importation of any additional duties on im- goods, wares, and merchandize into Ireland, shall not on the ex-

tha

portation un- portation of such goods , wares, or merchandize, be drawn back ,

der this act, except such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be of the growth,

except to

Great Britain ,

produce, or manufacture of , or shall be exported to Great Britain : 1

&c.

provided always, that the several duties of excise hereby granted

and imposed on goods, wares, and merchandize, and made pay- d

able in Ireland , shall and may be drawn back on the exportation

of such goods, wares, or merchandizes from Ireland respectively.

Bounty on

XXXII. And whereas it is expedient that an additional bounty

refined sugar

exportedfrom should be paid and allowed on the exportation from Ireland of refined

Ireland . sugar, be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed

on the exportation from Ireland , of any such refined sugar, on

which bounties are now payable, an additional bounty, to be cal

culated at and after the rate often pounds for every one hundred

pounds in money, on the produce and amount of whatever

bounty may be due and payable on any such refined sugar respectively, by any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at

the time of the exportation thereof : provided always, that such

additional bounty shall not be paid and allowed, unless all the ৮৫

rules , regulations, restrictions, and conditions required by law,

with respect to the bounties due and payable on any such refined

sugar, shall have been fully and duly complied with.

Additional

duties maybe

XXXIII . Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all

securedby

cases where the whole or any part of the duties on the importation

bond, as

of any goods, wares, or merchandize into Ireland , are permitted

otherduties.

to

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORG11 III . C. 92 . 587

to be secured by bond, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament

in force in Ireland at the time of such importation, the additional

duties by this act granted or imposed, may, in like manner and

under the same rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions, be

permitted to be secured by bond.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person Purchaser

who shall be charged with the additional duties by this act im- shall payfeller

additional

posed upon any malt or wine, in his or her own possession, shall duty on wine

have fold or contracted to sell any such malt or wine, to any or malt pre-

person or persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the viously fold.

buyer thereof then and in every such cafe the buyer of the said

malt or wine, shall pay to the feller the additional duty which

such seller shall have been charged with or paid for such malt or

wine.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Fees not to be

- fees due and payable by law, at and immediately before the four- taken for any

teenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three , upon

additional

anyentry or cocket inwards or outwards, shall not be demanded entry of

count new

ortaken by or for the use of any officer of his Majesty's revenue, duties.

for any entry or additional entry necessary to be made on account of the additional duties imposed by this act or any of them.

XXXVI. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That no Bonds not

-bond that may be taken in pursuance of this act, shall be charge- chargeable

4able with any of the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or

with stamp

paper , any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding .

duty .

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising Duties shall

by the additional duties imposed by this act, (the necessary make part of

charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deducted), consolidated

shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund offendofIre-

Ireland. land.

XXXVIII . And be it further enacted, That the several rates Duties and

and duties hereby imposed, and all drawbacks which may be drawbacks

paid and allowed under or by virtue of this act, and all fines, shali be levied

and paid

penalties , fum and sums of money in and by this act made pay- as under for

able, shall be paid and payable, and received and receiveable in mer acts .

Irish currency ; and that all the said duties and drawbacks thall

and may be managed , ascertained, raised, levied, collected, an-

fwered, and paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like

manner, under the like powers and authorities, and in and by any

and either of the ways, means, or methods, by which any of the

duties or drawbacks on goods, wares, or merchandize, may be

42

managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid,

secured , and recovered under or by virtue of two several acts ,

made in the parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth

years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second ;

the oneintituled , An actforsettling thefubfidy ofpoundage, andgrant-

ing asubsidy oftonnage andotherfums of money untohis royal Majeßy,

bis heirs and fuccessors, the same to be paid upon merchandize imported

✓ and exported into and out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a

book ofrates hereunto annexed; and the other intituled , An actfor

the fettling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and

successors,

18 1 588

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 93. [1803.

fuccessors, according to the book of rates therein inserted , or under or

by virtue of any other act or acts of parliament in force in Ire-

20

Mar

land , relating to his Majesty's revenue ; and the goods , wares, or

merchandize by this act made chargeable with the said rates and

duties shall be, and the same are hereby madesubject and liable to all

and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties,

G

and forfeitures to which any goods, wares, and merchandize, on

which any duties are imposed and made payable, or any draw-

backs are allowed, were subject and liable by any act or acts of

parliament in force in Ireland on and immediately before the

passing of this act ; and the value of all goods, wares, and merchandize chargeable with any duty under this act, according to

the value thereof , shall be ascertained in such manner, and under

M

of

and subject to such regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures, as

are directed by any provisions contained in any act or acts of

parliament in force in Ireland with respect to the value of goods,

wares, and merchandize, paying a duty on importation into Ireland according to such value ; and all and every pain, penalty , t

fine, and forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed against

or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland ,

made for securing any duties payable on the importation or ex-

Π

R

portation of goods, wares, or merchandize, or for the regulation

or improvement thereof; and the several clauses, powers, and

directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and

declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised,

and put in execution, for and in respect of the new and additional

duties hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in

هللا

as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever,

as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated

and re -enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and

for the party or parties aggrieved, as is by the said acts, or any

of them, provided ; and all penalties and forfeitures by this act

created shall be sued for, recovered , and applied in like manner.

Act maybe

altered or repealed this

session.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of

the provisions thereof , may be amended, altered, or repealed by

KA

any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for raising the sum of five milions by loans or exchequer bills, for

the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and

three .- [ July 13 , 1803. ]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 5,000,000l . by loans and ex-

chequer bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session,

c. 3. concerning loans, &c. The clauses , &c. in the said act relating to

loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills

to bear an interest not exceeding three-pence halfpenny per cent. perdiem.

Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes;

nor exchanged before April 5, 1804. Action not to lie for such refusal.

Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the first supplies

tobe granted in the next session. Bank of England authorised to advance

/ 2,000,000

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. 2,000,000l . on the credit of this act, notwithstanding act 5 and 6Gul. et

Mariæ.

589

CAP. XCIV.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in

Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.-

( July 13, 1803. ]

САР. XCV.

An act to revive and furthercontinue , until the twenty-fifth day of March

one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend, so much of an act

made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present -iv's of Lostas

Majesty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants and serjeant-majors ৰ কেই

of the militia of England, disembodied under an act of the same session

of parliament.-[ July 13, 1803. ]

400.

CAP. XCVI .

An act to amend and render more effectual an alt passed in the present

Session of parliament, intituled , An act to enable his Majesty

more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the

realm during the present war, and for indemnifying persons

who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be

necessary for that purpose ; and to enable his Majesty more effec-

tually andspeedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted prerogative,

in requiring the military service of his liege subjects in case of

invasion of the realm.-[July 27 , 1803.]

WHEREAS an alt hath been passed in the present session of

parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more43 Geo. 3.

effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm C. 55 .

during the present war, and for indemnifying persons who may

suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary

for that purpose : and whereas it is expedient that the said aft should

be amended and rendered more effectual , and that further provision

1

should be made for the carrying into execution the purposes thereof:

and whereas it is also expedient to enable his Majesty more effectually

and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted prerogative, of

requiring the military service of all his liege subjects in case of an

invasion of the realm by a foreign enemy : may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That his Majesty's lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, constituted Lieutenants

1and appointed by virtue or acting in the execution of an act, and deputy

passed in the forty-second ye year of the reign of his present Majesty, lieutenants,

&c . under 42

intituled , An att for amending the laws relating to the militia in Geo.d

England , and for augmenting the militia ; and also of another act, c. 90. and gr.

passed in the said forty-second year of his said Majesty's reign, shall put this

intituled, An act to raise and establish a militia force in Scotland, act in execution.

for the several counties, stewartries, ridings , divisions , cities ,

and places, in the said recited acts mentioned ; and all justices of the

590 1

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803,

the peace , and all constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, church-

of

wardens, and overseers of the poor , and schoolmasters , and other

officers in the said recited acts mentioned, respectively, thali have

full power and authority, and are hereby authorised, empowered,

and required, to do all acts, matters, and things, necessary for

carrying this act into execution, inlike manner, and as fully and

effectually, as they are respectively authorised, empowered, or

required to carry into execution the said recited acts .

Provisions re-

II. And be it further enacted, That all provisions, directions,

lative to

clauses, matters , and things whatever, in this act contained,

counties to

extend to rid

relating to counties , shall extend and be construed to extend to

ings, those to

all stewartries, ridings, divisions, cities, and places in Great

hundreds to

Britain; and all provisions , directions, clauses, matters, and

other divi-

things, in this act contained, relating to hundreds or districts,

fions, and

those topa-

shall extend and be construed to extend to all rapes, lathes,

rishestotown- wapentakes , and other divisions, in or of any such county,

thips , &c.

stewartry, riding, division, city , or place ; and all provisions, he

directions, clauses, matters, and things, in this act contained,

relating to parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to

V

all townships, tythings, and places, and to all extra- parochial

places united therewith, for the purposes of this act or of any

act relating to the militia , as fully and amply as if they were

severally and respectively repeated in every such provision, direction, and clause, and with relation to every such matter or thing.

Generalmeet-

III. And be it further enacted, That a general meeting of

ings of lieu- tenancy shall

the lieutenancy shall be held in each county within ten days after

orders

the passing of this act, or as soon after as may be ; and at such

for returning general meeting the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or such

lifts to the of them as shall be present at such meeting, shall issue out their

deputy lieu- orders to the chief constables, and where there is no chief.con-

tenants ofmen stable, to some other officer of the several hundreds and districts

between certainages , and within their respective counties, requiring every such chief con-

appoint the stable or other officer as aforesaid to issue an order under his

firit subdivi- hand to all constables , tythingmen, headboroughs, or other

fion meeting, officers in England, or to the masters or other officers in

&c. Scotland , in every parish within their respective hundreds and

districts , to return to the deputy lieutenants within their respective

subdivisions, at the places and on the days to be named and

appointed in such order, fair and true lifts in writing, in the

manner by this act directed, of the names of all the men usually

and at that time dwelling within such respective parishes between

the ages of seventeen and fifty-five years, and shall appoint the

first subdivision meeting to be held under this act, for carrying

the fame into execution, and likewise appoint the day for their

second general meeting, if the same shall be necessary.

General and subdivision IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants of any county at any general

meetings may meeting, and also for the deputy lieutenants within their respec-

appoint fpe-

cial constables bles tive subdivisions thereof , whenever they shall deem it expedient,

from the to nominate and appoint, from amongst the persons who would

fourth class of under the provisions of this act be comprised in the fourth class of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. 591

of persons to be enrolled for military service in any parish, such persons

number of persons usually resident therein who may be willing to

enrolled for

undertake and perform the duty of constables in the execution of military fer-

this act, as such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall think fit,

to be special constables for all or any of the purposes of this act

within such parish; and the deputy lieutenants shall thereupon

forthwith cause the names of the persons who thall be so appointed

special constables to be transmitted to the chief constable or other

proper officer of the hundred or district within which such parish

Thall be situate ; and all persons so appointed special constables as

aforesaid shall and may thereupon do and perform all such acts,

matters, and things, in the execution of this act, or of such and

fo many of the purposes thereof for which they shall be so appointed as aforesaid within their respective parishes, as any other

constables therein are by this act empowered and required to do

and perform in the execution thereof; and no such special constable shall be liable to military service under this act so long

only as he shall continue to act as such .

V. And be it further enacted , That in the course of the General

month of October in each and every year after the passing of his meeting shall

act , and oftener in each year if occasion shall require, a like nually.

beheld an-

general meeting of lieutenancy shall be held in every county for

f the purposes of this act, and for carrying into execution from37) , 5.12

time to time the provisions thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect or Acts omitted

mistake of any lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any chief to be done at

constables , constables, or other officers, or from any other cause, any meeting

any act or acts , matters , or things , hereby required to be done at maybe done

at subse-

any such meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed, it shall be quent one.

lawful for the persons respectively authorised and required to do

any such act, matter, or thing, to carry the fame into execution

הנתוכז גהנ

5 at any subsequent meeting ; and all such acts , matters, and things, tr

shall be as good, valid, and effectual , to all intents and purposes,

לקוטוא

as if the fame had been done at the meeting in this act mentioned

for such purpose.

el

VII . And be it further enacted, That the several constables, Constables,

tythingmen, headboroughs, schoolmasters, and other officers and &c . to give

persons hereby required to return such lifts , shall, within such notice in the

form in sche-

time as shall be fixed by the deputy lieutenants, not exceeding dule (A. ) to

seven days after any such returns shall be required, give or leave housekeepers,

notice in writing, in the form in the schedule to this act annexed, &c.to produce

marked (A. ) , to or for every occupier of every dwelling house

lists containing certainwhere any person shall reside , within the limits of the places for particulars .

which they act as such constables, schoolmasters, or other officers

as aforesaid, in the execution of this act, or any of the provisions

thereof , at his or her dwelling house, or where such dwelling

house shall be divided into different stories or apartments, and

occupied distinctly by several persons, then to or for the occupier

of each distinct story or apartment, to prepare and produce,

within two days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a

lift and account in writing to the best of his or her belief, of

592 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [ 1803.

סרכ

the christian and furname, and also of the age of each and every

man resident in such dweiling house, or distinct story or apart-

ment, between the ages of seventeen and fifty- five years, dif-

tinguishing in such lift or account whether every such man is

married or unmarried, and whether he hath any child or children

living under the age of ten years, and whether he is willing to

engage himself to serve as a volunteer under this act , and also

distinguishing therein such other particulars as are required by

this act, according to the form in the said schedule hereunto

annexed; and every such notice shall mention the day, time ,

and place, appointed for hearing appeals within such subdivision,

by persons claiming to be exempt from being enrolled as not

being within the ages specified, or claiming to be enrolled by

any other description, or in any other class ; and every such

occupier thall , after every such notice so given or left, make

out such lift, and sign the fame with his or her own name, and

thall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered, to such

constable, schoolmaster, or other officer or person as aforesaid ;

Penalty for

and if any occupier shall wilfully neglect to make out, sign, and

not making

out lifts, or

deliver such list as aforesaid, within the time before limited, every

for making false returns,

such occupier shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum

1

not exceeding the sum of ten pounds ; and if any such occupier

&c.

shall refuse to make out and return such lift, or knowingly make

any false return of any particular required therein, or shall

knowingly and wilfully conceal the name and description of any

םיזרכמ

person who ought to be enrolled under this act, every such oc-

sneb

cupier shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not

exceeding the sum of twenty pounds.

Persons hav-

ing more than

VIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it

one residence may enrol in

shall be lawful for any person having more than one place of

residence to enrol himself and return his servants and inmates

any one, &e.

for enrolment in any one of the parishes in which he may have

a residence, giving in every such cafe notice in the other parishes

of the parith in which he is or intends to be enrolled and to

return his servants and inmates for enrolment.

Occupiers, IX. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any

beingquakers, notice shall be served upon any occupier being one of the peo-

to produce

certificates of ple called Quakers, such occupier shall, within seven days after

their being fo, the service of such notice, produce to the constable , schoolmaster,

and the con-

or other officer, a certificate under the hands of two or more

stables , &c .

shall make re-

respectable housekeepers, being of the people called Quakers,

turns of the

acknowledging such person to be one of their persuasion ; and

persons in

that in all such cases such constables or other officers are hereby

their houses liable to serve.

required to make returns of the persons liable to be enrolled

under this act, resident in the houses, stories , or apartments of

such occupiers so certified to be of the people called Quakers, in

the same manner as is directed by this act in cases where returns

are not made to such notices as aforesaid.

Constables, X. And be it further enacted , That in England the constables,

&c. to make tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, and in Scotland

out yearly lifts the schoolmasters or other officers in every parish, shall, within

in the form in ten

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 593

1 ten days after having delivered such notices as aforesaid, make schedule ( B. )

fout in every year a fair and true lift , in writing, according to tween the

ofmen be-

* the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B. ) , of ages of 17

the names of all the men usually or at that time dwelling or and 55, dif-

- being within the respective parishes for which they shall respec- tinguishing

tively act in the execution of the provisions of this act, between their rank,

&c. and di-

the ages of seventeen and fifty- five years, as well of those who viding them

have not made any return, or been returned in pursuance of into 4classes .

such notices as aforesaid, as of those who shall have made such

returns, or been returned in pursuance thereof , distinguishing

1 their respective ranks and occupations, and those who have made

returns to such notices, from those who have neglected to make

such returns, (and where the true names of such persons cannot

st be procured, the common appellation of such person shall be

sufficient ) ; and dividing the several persons so returned accord-

ing to their respective ages, situations, and descriptions, into

the several classes hereinafter mentioned ; ( that is to say), In the

first class they shall put all the men of the age of seventeen and

under the age of thirty years, unmarried, and having no child

or children living under the age often years ; and in the second

-class, all the men of the age of thirty and under the age of fifty

years, unmarried, and having no child or children living under

the age of ten years ; and in the third class, all the men of the

age of seventeen and under the age of thirty years , who are or

have been married , and who have not more than two children

living under the age of ten years ; and in the fourth class, all the

men not included in any of the former classes ; and also distin-

guishing in such lifts, which of the persons fo returned labour

under any infirmity, likely to incapacitate them from military

service, and which of them are willing to engage to serve as

volunteers under this act, and which of them are clergymen, or

licensed teachers of separate congregations in holy orders or pre-

tended holy orders , as hereinafter described, quakers, or medical

practitioners , being householders, or persons serving as officers

or otherwise in the army, navy, marines, militia, sea fencibles ,

or volunteers ; and which of them are constables or other peace

officers, or parish schoolmasters in Scotland , acting in the exe-

cution of his act ; and shall affix a true copy of every such lift Copies of lifts

to be affixedon the door of the church or chapel belonging to every such on the church

parish, or (if there shall be no church or chapel belonging doors, with

✓ thereto) on the door of the church or chapel of some parith notice of the

✓ thereto adjoining, three days at the least before they shall make day for hear-

the return to the deputy lieutenants, as directed by this act, angappeals,

and also notice in writing at the bottom of the said copy of such to be made to

ম

✔ lift, of the day and hour , and place of meeting for hearing ap- the first sub-

peals under this act, which is hereby directed to be on the day division meet-

appointed for the first subdivision meeting under this act ; and ing.

that all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then

appeal, and that no appeal will be afterwards received ; and shall

afterwards make a return of such lift as aforesaid, or a true and

VOL. XLIV.

Re exact

594 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803 .

exact copy thereof , to the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision

at their first subdivision meeting.

Certainper

XI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no per-

ed .

Cons exempt fons holding and executing for the time being the several offices

hereinafter mentioned ; ( that is to say), in England , the office of

lord high-chancellor of Great Britain, or the office of keeper of

the great seal of Great Britain, the office of chief justice of the

court of King's-bench, the office of master of the rolls, the office

ofchiefjustice of the court of Common- pleas, the office of chief

baron of the exchequer, the office of a puisnejudge of the courts

ofKing's- bench or Common- pleas, or of a baron of the coif in

the court of exchequer ; and in Scotland, he office of lord pre-

fident of the court of session, the office of lord justice clerk, the

office of lord chief baron of the exchequer, the office of a lord of

session, or lord-commissioner ofjusticiary , or the office of a baron

of the exchequer, shall be liable to be enrolled for military service

under this act, fo long only as such persons respectively shall continue to hold and execute any such offices respectively.

Further ex-

emptious.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person

labouring under any infirmity rendering him incapable of military

service, nor any clergyman, nor any licensed teacher of any sepa-

rate congregation in holy orders or pretended holy orders , and not

carrying on any other trade, or exercising any other occupation for

hislivelihood except thatofa schoolmaster , nor anyperson beingone

of the people called Quakers, nor any medical man actually practis-

ingassuch and being ahousekeeper, nor any person actuallyferving

asanofficer, non- commissioned officer, drummer, or private soldier,

in his Majesty's army, or in the marines , or the militia, or en-

rolled and serving as an effective member in any corps of fea fen-

cibles or volunteers, whose services shall have been or shall be

accepted by his Majesty, nor any person actually serving as an

officer or feaman in his Majesty's navy, nor any lieutenant or

deputy lieutenant in any county, nor any constable or other

peace officer, or parish schoolmaster in Scotland acting in the

execution of this act, shall be liable to military service under this

act, fo long only as they shall respectively continue within any

Ministers, churchwar-

of the descriptions aforesaid .

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective ministers,

dens , &c . to

and also the churchwardens , elders , and other parochial officers

assist in mak.

in every parith, hall and they are hereby required to aid and

ing out lifts .

afift , by every lawful means in their power, the said constables,

tythingmen, headboroughs , schoolmasters, and other officers , in

making out the lifts so as aforesaid required to be returned by

them to the deputy lieutenants in their respective subdivisions,

and in dividing and claffing the men therein returned, according

to the directions of this act .

Persons ag-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person whose

grieved may

appeal to the

name shall be inserted in any list in pursuance of this act, shall

first subdivi

think himself aggrieved thereby, or shall claim to be enrolled in

fion meeting, any other class, or to be wholly exempted from military service under

0

1

20

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. 595

under this act, it shall be lawful for such person, and he is hereby whosedeter-

required to appeal to such first subdivision meeting as aforesaid mination shall

appointed to be held for hearing such appeals, and any two or

be final.

more of the said deputy lieutenants are hereby empowered and

- required to hear and determine all such appeals ; and all such

it

appeals shall be then heard and determined, and shall be final, in

Slike manner as in the said recited acts relating to the militia is

directed in cases of appeals made in pursuance thereof .

XV. And be it enacted , That on the days and at the places Constables ,

so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the returns of the said &c. to attend

and verify

lifts, the constables, tythingmen , headboroughs, schoolmafters, lifts on oath,

or other officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said re- and thede-

turns on oath; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or puty lieute-

more of them, assembled at their respective subdivisions, shall, nants to

after hearing any appeals or claims of exemption, direct such amend lifts,

and prepare

lists to be amended as the case shall require , and the names of any rolls, in the

persons that mall have been omitted to be inserted therein ; and form in sche-

after amending the said lists according to this act, shall prepare dule(C.), and

a roll of the names and descriptions of all the men returned in return certified copies to

the several parishes within their respective subdivisions, in the the clerk of

form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (C. ), and, ifthe general

necessary for the purposes of this act, appoint the times andplaces meetings, &c

of their second meetings within their respective subdivisions, and

shall return to the clerk of the general meetings, for the use of

the general meetings, certified copies under their hands of the

said subdivision rolls, and the same shall be filed and kept by the

ΓΙΣ

clerk for the use of the general meetings ; and the deputy lieute-

nants shall, in their respective subdivisions, cause the rolls made

under this act to be carefully filed and preserved in the custody

of the clerk of the subdivision meetings, who shall be and is hereby

made responsible for the safe custody thereof.

f of any person who ought to be returned therein, every such per- &c.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall Penalty for

by gratuity, gift , or reward, or by promise thereof , or by any in- endeavouring to prevail on

son shall, for every such offence , forfeit and pay the sum offifty

demnification, or by menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail constables,

pounds ; and ifany person shall refuse to tell his christian and fur-

on any chief constable, constable, tythingman, headborough, &c. to make

name, or shall falsely tell a christian or furname , pretending the

schoolmaster, or other officer, to make a false return of any lift false returns,

same to be his true christian or surname , or shall refuse to tell the

for any parish, or to erase or leave out of any such lift the name or for refusing

christianor furnameof any man lodging or residing withinhis or

to tell names,

man, schoolmaster

her house , or shall knowingly tell any false name, pretending it

tenpounds.

to be the true narne of anyfuch person, to any constable , tything-

mand the same , every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Deputy lieu-

, or other officer authorised by this act to de-

the deputy lieutenants within any subdivision, or any two or more tenants may

of require atten-

९९२

596 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [ 1803 .

dance of con- of them, from time to time to issue their order or warrant under

stables &c. their hands and seals, requiring the attendance of the constable,

and if they neglect to ap. tythingman, headborough, schoolmaster, or other officer in any

pear, &c. mayparish within such subdivision, at such time and place as in such

be committed order or warrant shall be expressed ; and if such constable,

togaol ormay tythingman, headborough, schoolmaster, or other officer, shall

befined.

refuse or neglect to appear according to such order or warrant,

or if any chief constable, or any officer of any hundred, or any

constable , tythingman, headborough, schoolmaster, or other

officer of any parish, shall refuse or neglect to return any such

list as before directed, or to comply with such orders and directions as he shall from time to time receive from the said deputy

lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this act,

or shall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful

partiality, or gross neglect of duty, the said deputy lieutenants,

or any two or inore of them, are hereby empowered and required

to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to

be kept without bail or mainprize for the space of one month, or

at their discretion to fine such person in any fum not exceeding

twenty pounds nor less than forty thillings .

Generalmeet-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

ings may or

for the lieutenant, or the deputy lieutenants of any county

the man-

der ofdeliver

acting in his absence, at any general meeting of lieutenancy for

ingwarrants

such county, whether the same shall be holden for the purposes

tochiefcon-

of any of the said recited acts, or of either of the said acts of the

stables , &c.

and the rea-

present session of parliament , for enabling his Majesty more

fonable ex-

effectually to raise and assemble an additional military force, or for

pences incur- the purposes of this act , to order and direct in what manner the

redshall be

orders or warrants which shall at any time or times be issued by

paid , on certificate

such lieutenant or any such deputy lieutenants at any general

from two

meetings of lieutenancy, or by any deputy lieutenants at any

deputy lieu- subdivision meetings for such county , to any chief constables, con-

tenants.

stables, tythingmen, headboroughs, schoolmasters, or other

officers in any parish , by virtue or for any of the purposes of the

said acts respectively, or of this act, shall be delivered to such

chief constables, constables, tythingmen , headboroughs, school-

masters , or other officers respectively; and all reasonable expences

which shall from time to time be incurred in the delivery of such

orders or warrants shall, under the order of any two or more

deputy lieutenants of such county certifying the amount of such

expences, be paid in England by the treasurer for the county out

of the county rates, and such treasurer shall be allowed the same

in his accounts; and in Scotland such expences shall be included in

the accounts directed to be transmitted to the barons of the ex-

chequer in Scotland , and shall be paid in the manner directed by

the said recited act for establishing a militia force in Scotland.

Delivery of

warrant at

the place of

abode of any

chief confta-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the delivery of any

such order or warrant so as aforesaid to be issued to any chiefcon-

stable, constable, tythingman, headborough, schoolmaster, or other

officer in any parish, to any servant or member of his family, or left

コ

b

De

E

at

Po

10

b

t

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. с. 96. 597

A

left at theusual place of abode of such chief constable, constable, ble, &c. shall

tythingman, headborough, schoolmaster, or other officer, shall be deemed

be deemed as good and sufficient service thereof as if he was per-

good service.

fonally served therewith.

21

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Two justices

chief or other constable, or headborough, tythingman, school- may appoint

master, overseer, or other officer required to act in the execution deputies to

quakers, for

of his act , shall be of the people called Quakers, (and certified to carrying this

be so by two persons of the people called Quakers), and shall act into exe-

neglect or refuse to perform the duties required by this act , it cution, who

shall be enti-

shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace acting within tled toanal-

the division within which such quaker shall be such officer as lowance for

aforesaid, and they are hereby required in all cases where the theirpains,

circumstances of the case shall in their judgement render it ex- which maybe

1

pedient and necessary for the due execution of the provisions of

levied as un

der recited

this act, by their order under their hands and seals, to appoint a acts on qua-

fit and proper person to be deputy to such quaker, for the pur- kers .

pose only of carrying this act into execution ; and every person

so appointed deputy shall (if he thall require the fame) be en-

titled to have and receive from such quaker such sum of money

for his care and pains therein, not exceeding ten pounds , as to such

: justices shall seem adequate, to be levied ( in case such quaker shall

neglect to pay the same) in like manner as any money may be

levied on quakers under the said recited acts , or any of them, or

this act ; and such deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all

the powers, authorities, and jurisdictions, given by this act to

such officer for whom he shall so act, and shall do and perforın

all the like duties and offices , under the like pains, penalties ,

and forfeitures, as are hereby imposed for neglect of duty upon

any such officer as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as

the person for whom he shall so act ; and where an appointment

of any deputy shall be so made, the principal chief or other con-

نا

stable, headborough, tythingman, schoolmaster, or overseer or

other officer as aforesaid (being one of the people called Quakers )

shall be and he is hereby discharged from any duty required of

him by this act, and from all penalties incurred for neglect

thereof at the time of such appointment.

XXI . And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two or more

the deputy lieutenants, at their subdivision meetings, to add to- places and

lifts for them

gether, whenever they shall think it necessary, any two or more may be added

parishes, or to add any extra-parochial place or places to any together, and

parish or parishes adjoining thereto, for the purposes of this act, the confta-

and also to add together the lifts of such parishes ; and where bles, &c. shall

act together

any parishes so added together shall lie in different hundreds or asif officers

districts within the same county, to direct in what hundred or of the fame

district the same shall be considered for the purposes of this act ; parich , and

and the said deputy lieutenants shall proceed upon the lifts so thall meet in

the parish first

added together, in like manner as if they had been originally namedin the

returned for one parish, or for the parish to which any extra- order; and

parochial place shall have been added as aforesaid; and the con- any disagree.

stables, tythingmen, headboroughs, schoolmasters, or other ment berween

officers them shall be

A

598 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803 .

determined at officers in parishes so added together, shall act together in the

the subdivi- execution of this act as if they were respectively officers in one

fion meeting. and the same parish ; and all such constables, tythingmen, head-

boroughs , schoolmasters , and officers so as aforesaid acting toge-

ther by virtue of this act, shall hold their meetings under this

act in the parish which shall be named first in such order of

deputy lieutenants ; and if any difference or disagreement shall

arise between such officers in any parish, or between such officers

of different parishes, touching the execution of this act , the

deputy lieutenants acting in and for the subdivision where such

difference or disagreement shall happen, shall and they are hereby

authorised, at any subdivision meeting, to hear and determine

the fame, and make such order therein for the better execution

of this act as to them shall seem meer, and such orders shall be

final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatever, with-

out being subject to review, question, or alteration of any kind.

Penalty on constables,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any constable,

headborough , tythingman, or schoolmaster, or other inferior

&c .neglecting officer, or any churchwarden or other person, shall disobey or

to perform orders, or to neglect to perform any orders which shall be issued in pursuance

appear when of this act, or shall obstruct or hinder the execution thereof,

summoned , &c.

either in the making out or formation of any lifts hereby required

to be made out, or shall refuse or neglect to appear before any

deputy lieutenant when summoned, every such person, upon

conviction of such offence before any justice of the peace of the

county where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and

pay not less than five pounds and not exceeding one hundred

pounds, at the discretion of such justice; and on default of in-

mediate payment, such justice is hereby required to commit such

offender to the common gaol of the county where the offence

shall be committed, for any time not exceeding three months.

Clerks of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of all

subdivision

meetings to

subdivision meetings shall, within three days after every fubdi-

transmit to

vision meeting, transmit to the clerk of the general meetings for

the clerk of

the county wherein such subdivision shall be situate, fair and

thegeneral meetings

true copies of such rolls as shall be signed at such subdivision

copies ofrolls , meeting; and if any such clerk shall omit or neglect to make

onpenalty for such return as aforesaid within such period as aforesaid, or hall

neglect, or for knowingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall,

making false for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

returns.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the clerks to the

Clerks of

thegeneral meetings to

general meetings of lieutenancy in the several counties shall,

and they are hereby required to transmit to one of his Majesty's

transmit to

principal secretaries of state, annually, as soon after the return of

the secretary

the subdivision rolls under this act shall have been made to the

of state, abf- general meetings as the fame can be done, accurate abstracts of

tracts of

returns in

such return, in the form in the schedule to this act annexed ,

the form in

marked (D.) , of the number of persons between the ages of

schedule D.

seventeen and fifty-five years, distinguishing, according to the

onpenalty for neglect,

classes herein-before directed, the number of men fit and liable

or for making to military service under this act in the several subdivifions to

false returns. which

と

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. 599

which they respectively belong, and also the number of men

therein exempt from military service under any of the before-

mentioned descriptions in this act ; and if any such clerk shall

omit or neglect to make such return to his Majesty's secretary of

state within seven days after the general meeting of lieutenancy

of the county to which he shall belong, at which the returns of

subdivision rolls as aforesaid thall have been laid before such

meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return,

such clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the fum

ofone hundred pounds .

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty

his Majesty from time to time to order and direct that any may direct

parishes in Great Britain shall be provided and supplied with any parishes be provided

such necessary arms and accoutrements, in order to the instruc- with arms and

tion of the men enrolled for military service under this act within accoutre-

the fame, as to his Majesty shall seem expedient, and under ments, which

such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as his Majesty shall shall be kept

as the lieure-

communicate through one of his principal secretaries of state to nant or depu-

the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants of any county ; which rules, ty lieutenants

regulations, and restrictions, such lieutenant or deputy lieute- shall direct,

under the

nants respectively are hereby required to obey and carry into care of the

full effect ; and such arms and accoutrements shall be kept in churchwar-

the church or chancel in every such parish, or in such other fafe dens, &c .

and convenient house or place within the parith as the licute-

nant or any deputy lieutenants of the subdivision wherein such

parish shall be situated shall direct, under the custody and care

ماك

of the churchwardens , elders, constables , schoolmasters, and

other parochial officers thereof, who are hereby authorised and

required to take the care and custody of the fame ; and such

churchwardens, elders, constables, schoolmasters , or other persons having the care of such arms and accoutrements, are hereby

نا

required to observe and obey all such orders and directions as

they may from time to time receive from such lieutenant, or any

three or more of the deputy lieutenants of such county,

✓respecting the custody and care thereof , or the removal thereof

to any other place; and in case any such churchwarden, elder, Penalty on

such church-

constable, schoolmaster, or other such person having the custody wardens, &c.

or care of such arms and accoutrements, shall refuse or neglect for not obey-

to obey such orders and directions respecting the same as afore- ing orders .

said, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence,

forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding fifty pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the expence which Expence of

shall or may be incurred in placing and keeping such arms and keeping arms ,

&c. shall be

accoutrements, and in maintaining them clean and in proper paid by the

order and condition, thall be paid and borne by the parish or parich.

united parishes for which the fame shall be fo provided as afore

said; and it shall be lawful for any two or more deputy lieute- Deputy lieu-

nants of the subdivision in which such parish shall be situated, tenants to

view them ,and they, or any of them, are hereby authorised and required, and make

once in every year at the least, to view such arms and accoutre- orders for

ments, for the purpose of ascertaining the state and condition payment of

thereof; expences .

600 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803.

thereof; and it shall be lawful for any two or more such deputy

lieutenants, or for any such deputy lieutenant and one justice of

the peace, to make such order for the payment of such expences

as they shall think fit, and if necessary to direct a rate to be made

in England upon such parish for that purpose, which shall be

made, raised , and levied in like manner as any rate made for

the relief of the poor; and in Scotland to direct an affefsment to

be made upon such parish for that purpose, in like manner as is

directed by an act, passed in the present session of parliament,

intituled , An altfor providing relief for thefamilies of militia men

in Scotland, when called out into actualfervice .

His Majesty XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

may order thefor his Majesty, by any order communicated by one of his Ma-

and third

firff, second, jesty's principal secretaries of state, to order and direct the lieu-

classes to be

tenant or deputy lieutenants of any county to cause the persons

trained, and

comprised in the first , second, and third classes of persons enrolled

thedeputy lieutenants

for military service under this act, or any or either of them, in

shall regulate the respective parithes of such county, or any of them, to be

the timeand trained and exercised in the use of arms, as to his Majesty shall

place ofexer- seem expedient ; and the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to

cite , andcausewhom any such order shall be directed, shall thereupon forthwith

notice to be

giveninthe

order and direct the deputy lieutenants of the respective subdi-

church, dur-

visions of such county in which any such parishes shall be situate ,

ingdivine

to regulate the times and places of exercise for such parishes

service, and

affixed on the

respectively ; and such deputy lieutenants shall cause such men

to be trained and exercised two hours at the least on each and

doors, &c.

every Sunday, either before or after divine service, or on some

other convenient day in the week, in England, or on any conve-

nient day in the week to be appointed in Scotland, between the

twenty- fifth day of March and the twenty- fifth day of December

in every year, and cause publick notice of such times and places

ofexercise and training to be given in the churches or chapels

of the respective parishes during divine service, and to be affixed

on the doors of such churches or chapels, and in the market

places (if any) , or if there thall be no church , chapel, or market

place, then on some other convenient and conspicuous place ;

e -and it shall also be lawful for the deputy lieutenants in their

respective subdivisions, in any cases in which they may deem it

expedient for the more speedily and effectually carrying into

execution the provisions of this act, to order and direct that such

men shall be exercised on any other additional day or days in the

week, having due regard in the regulation of the times and

places appointed for exercise and training on such other day or

days, to the general occupations of the persons to be exercised

and trained, so as to interfere as little as may be with such

occupations.

XXVIII. And whereas it may be expedient , during thepresent emer-

gency, that the men liable to be trained and exercised under this act

should be fo trained and exercised asspeedily as possible : be it therefore

His Majesty mayorder the enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any such

faidclasses to order to be communicated as aforesaid, to order and direct, that

such

- 1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 601

such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, in any county as aforesaid, be trained for

shall at such time or times after the passing of his act, and until such number

of days in

the twenty- fifth day of December next, as he or they shall think succession as

fit, cause the persons comprised in such first, second, and third the lieutenant

classes of persons enrolled for military service under this act, or or deputy

any proportion of the fame , to be trained and exercised in the lieutenants

shall - deem

manner thereby directed, for such number ofdays in succession , most expe-

or for any three or more successfive days in the course of different dient.

weeks (not being in the whole less than fourteen or more than

twenty days), as such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall

deem most expedient for speedily and effectually carrying into

execution the provisions of this act, having regard, as far as is

consistent with that object, to the local circumstances of such

county, or of any subdivision or district therein, and to the

seasons most important to the course of industry and cultivation

within the fame, any thing in this act contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty

for his Majesty, at any time after the passing of this act and may , before

fubdi

before the subdivision rolls shall be returned in pursuance thereof vision rolls

as , aforesaid, to signify to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants are returned,

acting in his absence for any county, what number of persons to signify to the

be comprised in the three first classes of persons to be enrolled lieutenant

what number

for military service under this act his Majesty may deem it ex- of persons

pedient to cause to be trained and exercised within such county comprised in

or within any subdivisions thereof; and if the number so signi- the said classes

fied shall afterwards, upon the return of the respective subdivision shall betrain-

ed ; and if

rolls, be found to amount unto or to exceed the whole number found to

of men which shall appear by such subdivision rolls to be actually amount to or

comprised within the said classes respectively in such county or exceed the

any such subdivisions thereof , then and in such case the lieute- number upon

nant or deputy lieutenants acting in his absence for such county whole shall

the rolls,

shall thereupon forthwith order and direct the whole number ofbe so trained ;

men comprised in such classes respectively to be trained and and if less, the

exercised in the manner directed by this act ; and if the number number to be

trained shallof men so signified shall, upon the return of such subdivision be chosen by

rolls, be found to be less than the number which shall appear by ballot.

such rolls to be actually comprised within such classes respectively

in such county, or any such subdivisions thereof, then and in

f forthwithorderand direct such proportiononlyof the number

such case such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall thereupon

ofmen comprised in such classes respectively to be trained and

exercised as aforesaid as thall in the whole amount (as nearly

as

may be) to the number so signified by his Majesty ; and the

respective deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivifions

shall, within seven days after such proportions of men to be

trained and exercised in such subdivisions respectively shall be

ascertained, fix in like manner the number of men to be trained

and exercised within each parish thereof , conformably and as

near as may be to the said proportion ; and in every such case

the men to be trained and exercised in each parish shall be chosen

out

602 1

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [ 1803.

out of the whole number of men in such parish by ballot, in the

or

manner directed by this act .

Lieutenant

may appoint officers,

the captain XXX. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for

the lieutenant of any county, or three or more deputy lieute-

nants acting in his absence, to appoint fit and proper persons to

may appoint be officers, for the purpose of training and disciplining such of

thenon- commissioned

the persons returned and enrolled for military service under this

officers and act, as shall be comprised in the class or classes of persons so re-

drummers of turned, and ordered to be trained and exercised as aforesaid , not

his company .

exceeding the proportion of one captain, two lieutenants, and one T

ensign, for every one hundred and twenty men ; and it shall be

lawful for the captain of each company to appoint fit and proper

persons to be non- commissioned officers , not exceeding the pro-

portion of three serjeants , three corporals, and one drummer, for

Rank of offi-

cers.

every one hundred and twenty men ; and such officers so appointed shall rank with officers of militia of the youngest of their

rank : provided always, that no officer of any higher or other

rank than such as is herein-before enumerated shall be appointed

His Majesty

for the purpose aforesaid : provided also, that it shall be lawful for

A

mayorder officers to be his Majesty, whenever he shall think fit, to direct that any officer

displaced.

or officers appointed for such purposes as aforesaid shall be re-

moved or displaced, and that such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants

shall appoint any other fit and proper person or persons resident

in such parish in his or their room.

Deputy lieu-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

tenantsmay

unite parishes the deputy lieutenants acting in and for any subdivision to unite

for forming any neighbouring parishes, in any case in which it may appear

companies. to them necessary and expedient for the purpose of forming the

men enrolled for military service therein respectively into such

companies as aforesaid ; and in every such case it shall be lawful

for the lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants acting

in his absence, for the county wherein such parithes respectively

shall be situate, to appoint such number of officers as aforemen-

tioned to such companies respectively, in such manner as may

appear most expedient and proper, according to the respective

numbers of men enrolled for military service in such parishes X

respectively.

Deputy lieu-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

tenants or

captainsmay

for the deputy lieutenants of any subdivisions, or for the captains

employout- pensioners,

or other commanding officers of any such companies of men in

any parith or parishes, to agree with and employ any serjeant or

&c. to train

other person, being an out pensioner on the establishment of

themen, at

anallowance

Chelsea or Kilmainham hospitals, or any other fit person having

ofnotmore

served in any of his Maofty's forces, whether in regulars, ma-

than 2s. 6d. rines, militia , or fencibles, or in any volunteer corps, for the

NE beperday. purpose of instructing the persons in such parish or parishes liable

to be trained and exercised under the directions of this act in the

ufe of arms, and to allow to such person any sum not exceeding

two thillings and sixpence per day for every day of his attendance

at such exercise and training, to be paid in England by the over-

feer or overseers of the poor out of the poors rate of such parish

ог

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 96. 603

or parishes, upon any order signed by any deputy lieutenant or

by one justice of the peace ; and every overseer refusing or neg-

Lecting on demand to pay any such allowance shall forfeit double

he amount of the sum specified in such order ; and to be paid in Penalty on

overseers for

Scotland by the collector of the cess in each county or stewartry not paying

respectively, upon such order, and all such sums so to be paid by such allow-

any collector in Scotland shall be made good and replaced by an ances .

affefsment upon each parish, to be made, raised, and levied, in

he manner directed by the said recited act for providing relief

for the families of militia men in Scotland.

XXXIII . And be it further enacted, That one of the consta- Oneconftable,

bles, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, as the cafe &c . in every

parish to at-

may be, ' shall, in every parish, duly attend at the times and places tend at the

appointed for such training and exercise as aforesaid, unless pre- exercise, for

vented by sickness or other unavoidable accident, to be proved to which he shall

the satisfaction of any two of the deputy lieutenants of the fub- have an

division wherein such parish or parishes thall be situate ; and

allowance.

every such constable, tythingman, headborough , or other officer ,

who shall conduct himself in the discharge of his said duty to the

satisfaction of the deputy lieutenants of such subdivision thall be

entitled at the end of each year, or on his going out of office , to

such reasonable reward, not exceeding the fum of five pounds,

for his pains and trouble therein , as the deputy lieutenants of

such subdivision assembled at any meeting shall deem adequate

thereto, and shall certify under their hands ; the same to be paid

in England out of the rates made for the relief of the poor of such

parish or parishes , and in Scotland in the manner in which school-

masters are directed to be paid by the said recited act for raising ont

and establishing a militia force in Scotland ; and if any such con- Penalty for

stable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall neglect neglect.

و

or refuse, in his turn or succession of duty, to attend at such times

✓ and places of training and exercise as aforesaid , unless prevented

by illness or other unavoidable accident, to be proved as aforesaid , he shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for every

day on which he shall so refuse or neglect to attend.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That on the days ap- On the days

pointed for training and exercise under this act, the commanding of exercise,

the muster

officer of the menin any parish or united parishes , if present, or rolls thall be

18 in his absence the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other called, and the

officer present at such meeting, shall call the muster roll of the names of the

men enrolled in such parish or united parishes, and mark the persons at-

persons present at such training and exercise, and also the names tending, and

the defaulters

of all absentees and defaulters ; and the person calling such muster marked, &c.

roll shall thereupon sign the same so marked, and certify the same

to be a true and correct account of the persons present at such

training and exercise, and also of the absentees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person Persons not

comprised in such class or classes of persons so ordered to be residing more

✔ trained and exercised as aforesaid, whose dwelling or place of re- than4 miles

from the

fidence shall not be more than four miles from the place of train - place of ex-

ing and exercise, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the time and ercife, who

place shall notat-

604 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803.

tend ,shallfor-place so appointed for the purpose of being trained and exercised

feit 5s. but those excused

as aforesaid, unless prevented by illness or other unavoidable ac-

from the poor cident, to be proved to the satisfaction of any deputy lieutenant

rates , &c .

or of the commanding officer, every such person shall forfeit and

only Is. and

pay the sum of five shillings for every such day on which he shall

if they neglect so neglect or refuse to attend as aforesaid : provided always, that

for 3 fuccef-

five days a

in England all persons being excused from the payment of the

larger penalty.

poors rates , by reason of poverty, or belonging to any family ex-

cufed from the payment of poors rates by reason of poverty, and

in Scotland all persons exempted from the house and window duty,

shall forfeit and pay the fum ofone shilling only for every such

non-attendance at such training and exercise as aforesaid, in lieu

of the fum of five shillings as aforesaid: provided also, that ifany

person, not being prevented by sickness or other unavoidable ac-

cident ( to be proved as aforesaid ), shall refuse or neglect to attend

at such times and places of training and exercise as aforesaid, for

any three successive days appointed for that purpose, every such

person shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings in lieu of No

such five shillings, and of five shillings in lieu of such one shilling

as aforesaid, for every subsequent non- attendance, until he shall

Anyperson absent from

again attend.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

the parish in

where any person who shall have been absent at any time or

which en-

times from the parish for which he shall be enrolled, and in

rolled who

which he shall be liable to be trained and exercised as aforesaid,

thall produce

a certificate of

shall, upon his return to such parish, produce to the command-

his having ing officer , or the constable, schoolmaster, or other proper officer

attendedthe thereof , a certificate from the commanding officer, or constable,

exercise inany or fschoolimaster, or other proper officer of any other parish

other parith, or parishes wherein he may during such absence have been re - alt

shall not be

liable to fine.

fident , that he hath to the satisfaction of such commanding of

ficer, constable, schoolmaster, or other proper officer, attended

in such other parish or parishes at the times and places appoint

ed for training and exercising therein, every such person obtaining and producing such certificate as aforesaid, upon his return te

to the parish for which he shall be so enrolled, to the commanding officer, constable, schoolmaster, or other proper officer

an

thereof , shall be discharged from all fines, to which he would ke

during such absence have been liable under this act, for non-

attendance at the times and places of training and exercise in

Whenhis

such parish for which he thall be so enrolled as aforesaid .

Majesty shall

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe his Ma-

order extra-

jesty shall think fit to order any such extraordinary training and

ordinary training , if

exercise within any county or parish as aforesaid, every person

within the

attending and present upon that occasion, provided such train-

hours of la-

ing and exercise, or the assembling for the purposes of the fame,

bour, persons earning their livelihoodby

shall be within the usual hours of labour, and marked as fo

present and attending in such muster roll as aforesaid, who thall

earn his livelihood by daily labour only, shall in England be en-

daily labour

shall be en-

titled to and receive ( if he shall require the fame) from the overseer

titled to is.

of the poor of the parith, and in Scotland from the treasurer of

the

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. 605

3 the kirk session of such parish, on fight and examination of the for each at-

muster roll so signed and certified as aforesaid, and ascertaining tendance, &c.

thereby the attendance of the person entitled to such pay,

the fum of one shilling for each attendance and exercise as

aforesaid, such money to be paid in England by such overseer

out of any rate made in such parish for the relief of the poor,

or out of a rate made for the purpose, if he shall have no money

in his hands of such rates ; and in Scotland the collector of

the cess of each county shall impress money into the hands

of the said kirk treasurers respectively, who shall account for the

fame by producing to such collector of the said muster roll fo

signed and certified as aforesaid, and paying any balance which

may remain in their hands of any such monies so impressed as

aforesaid ; and all such sums so paid shall be allowed in the account of such collector , on production of such muster roll fo

signed and certified as aforesaid ; and all such sums so paid by

any overseer in England shall be reimbursed by the receiver-

general of the county at the end of every month, upon an account stated, examined, and allowed, on inspection of the muster

rolls so signed as aforesaid, and certified under the hands of any

two deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and onejustice

of the peace, acting in the division of such county, to have been

so stated, examined, and allowed as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person who Persons, dur-

shall not, during the times of training and exercise, conduct ing exercise ,

not conduct-

himself in a decent and orderly manner, or shall not obey the ing themselves

lawful commands of the officer or officers commanding at such decently, or

training and exercise, shall, at the discretion of any deputy lieu- not obeying

tenant or justice of the peace before whom such misconduct the commands

of their of-

shall be proved by the officer so commanding, or any other of- cers, liable to

ficer, constable, or schoolmaster, authorised by him to make penalty.

such complaint, forfeit for every such offence any fum not exceeding five shillings , or, on non-payment thereof , be imprisoned

at the discretion of such deputy lieutenant orjustice of the peace

1 for any time not exceeding one week.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That Persons who

where in England any person or person in any parish shall have have religious

religious scruples in regard to being trained and exercised on Sun- scruples, thall

days, and shall make oath thereof before any deputy lieutenant from atten-

or justice of the peace (which oath such deputy lieutenant and dance on Sun-

justice of the peace respectively are hereby empowered to ad- days, if they

minister ), ail and every such persons and person shall be excused other day ap

attend any

from being trained and exercised on Sundays, and from all fines pointed inlieu

by this act imposed for non- attendance at such training and ex- thereof , &c .

ercife ; provided such persons shall duly attend to be trained and

exercised on such other day in the week as shall be appointed

by the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision wherein such parish

shall be situate, in lieu of Sunday for that purpose, under and

subject to all such fines and penalties for non-attendance and mif-

behaviour at such training and exercise as are by this act im-

poled

606 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. [1803. 18 :

posed in like cafes on any other days of training and exercise : ms

provided also, that no such persons being so trained and exer-

cifed on any other day in the week in lieu of Sunday, on account

OCTIO

of such religious scruples as aforesaid, shall be excused from

being trained and exercised on such and fo many other days

in the week, not being any of them a Sunday, as may be appointed for training and exercising in such parish: provided also,

that no such person or persons, who shall be so excused from

being trained and exercised on Sunday as aforesaid, shall be en-

titled to receive any fum of money under this act for being

trained and exercised on such other day in the week as shall be

appointed in lieu thereof .

Fines shall be

XL. And be it further enacted, That all such fines and for-

levied bywar- feitures for any such non -attendance or misconduct as aforesaid ,

rantof any

justiceof the either by any constable or other person or persons , shall be

peace.

raised and levied by warrant of any one justice of the peace, by

distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the persons incur-

ring the fame, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners,

after payment of the charges of such distress and sale.

Persons ob-

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it

taining acer- shall be lawful for the captain or other officer commanding any

tificate from

thecaptain

ain of company of men enrolled for military service under this act , to

their profici- grant a certificate to any person serving in his company, who,

ency , being by diligent and regular attendance at the appointed times and

allowed by places oftraining and exercise during the space of twelve calen-

deputy lieu- dar months at the least, shall have entitled himself thereto, that

tenants, shall

be excused he hath attained a due degree of skill and proficiency in the use of from further arms; and upon such certificate being allowed and approved by

Fattendance.

any deputy lieutenant of the subdivision , the person receiving

such certificate, so allowed and approved as aforesaid, shall from

thenceforth be wholly excused from all further attendance at such

time and place of training and exercise as aforesaid, and be dif - i

charged from all fines hereby imposed for non-attendance at the

fame.

Muskets to be

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all muskets delivered

marked ; and for the purpose of training and exercising the men enrolled for

thall not re-

if any person military service under this act, shall be marked distinctly in

deliver them, some visible place with the letters (G. R.); and in cafe any man

or fell, pawn, shall not re-deliver to the person having the custody of such

or lofe any

arms or ac-

arms, or duly replace the fame in the place assigned for the

coutrements, keeping thereof after exercise, or shall fell, pawn, or lose any arms

or shall da-

or accoutrements delivered to him, or shall wilfully damage any or

in

de

mage any

such arms, every such man shall, for every such offence, forfeit

arms, he shall and pay a fum not exceeding forty shillings ; and if such man

forfeit not

shall not immediately payfuch penalty, the justice of the peace

more than

40s. or shall

before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to any o

be committed gaol or the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for

hot exceeding any time not exceeding one month, or until he shall have paid

amonth. the said penalty.

Penalty for

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

hen

buying, &c .

such arms or

knowingly and wilfully buy, take in exchange, or conceal , anyt

arms

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 607

arms or accoutrements so delivered for the training and exer- accoutre-

cising of persons enrolled for military service under this act, the ments .

person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the

sum of ten pounds : and ifsuch offender shall not immediately

pay such penalty, and thall not have sufficient goods and chattels

whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he or the

shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the common gaol ,

there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three

months, or until he or she shall have paid the said fine .

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes of ac- In case of in-

tual invafion, or on the appearance of the enemy in force upon vasion, or ap-

the coast , his Majesty shall order and direct the lieutenants of pearance of

theenemy

counties, or on the death or removal, or in the absence from upon the

their respective counties of any of them, then any three or more coast, his

deputy lieutenants, to draw out, assemble, and embody, all the men Majesty shall

enrolled for military service under this act, within their respective orderall per

counties , whether they shall belong to the first or any other class, under this act

( other than and except such as are herein-before exempted from to be em-

military service under this act, for such time as they shall con - bodied, and

tinue so exempt), placed in ex-

or fo many of them, or such part or propor- ifting regi-

tion of them, or any of them, as his Majesty shall in his wif - ments, or

dom judge necessary, and in such manner as shall be best adapt- formed into

ted to the circumstances of the danger; and to cause such men, newcorps, and

or any of them, to be placed in such of the existing regiments, any part of

to be led into

battalions , or corps, whether of regulars, militia, or fencibles, Great Britain ;

as may from time to time be appointed to serve in Great Britain, andwhile em-

or formed into such new regiments, battalions , or corps, as his bodied they

Majesty shall judge necessary, and to put the said forces under shall be fub-

ject to the

the command of such general or other officers as his Majesty mutiny laws.

shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct all or any of the said

men so drawn out, assembled, or embodied as aforesaid, to be

led into any part of Great Britain, for the repelling and preven-

tion of any such invasion, or for the suppreffion of any rebellion

or insurrection within Great Britain arising or existing at the

time of anyfuch invafion ; and from the time of any men being fo

drawn out, afsembled and embodied, as aforesaid, until they shall

- be returned again to their own counties and disembodied by his

Majesty's order, the officers, non- commissioned officers, drum-

mers, and private men, so drawn out, assembled, and embodied,

shall be subject to all the provisions contained in any act of

parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny

and desertion , and for the better payment of the army and their

quarters , and the articles of war made in pursuance thereof ; and

all the provisions contained in every such act and articles of war

shall be in force with respect to them, and shall extend to all

the officers , non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private

men, so drawn out and assembled, while embodied as aforesaid,

in all cases whatsoever.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That When his

whenever his Majesty shall deem it expedient to order and dire& Majesty thall

order the menthat the men enrolled for military service under this act, or any enrolled to be

part, embodied, the

608 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. [ 1803 18

occasion shall part, proportion, or description of such men, shall be drawn out,

becommuni- assembled, and embodied under the provisions of this act, the

cated to par- occasion of such order shall be communicated to parliament, if

liament, &c .

parliament shall be then fitting, as early as the same can be

Cre

done after the issuing of such order ; and if no parliament shall

be then fitting or in being, then the occasion of such order shall

be declared in council, and notified by proclamation.

No person fo

XLVI . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none

embodied

shall be com-

of the persons who shall be so drawn out or embodied by virtue

pellable to

of this act shall be compellable or compelled, on any pretence

serve out of

whatsoever, to serve out of Great Britain.

Great Britain.

XLVII. And be it further enacted , That the lieutenant of

The lieute every county, or on the death or removal of any such lieutenant,

nant, when his

L.

Majesty thall or in his absence from his county, three or more deputy lieu-

order the men tenants , to whom any directions from his Majesty for drawing

to be embo- out, assembling, and embodying any persons enrolled for military

died, shallissue service under this act shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his

orders to the

chief confta-

or their order, according to the tenor of his Majesty's directions

bles, &c. fpe . in that behalf , to the chief constables or other officers in Eng-

cifying the

land of the several hundreds within their respective counties,

time and

specifying the time and place of assembling, and the descriptions

place of af- lembling,&c.

of persons to be drawn out and assembled, with directions to

to be forward . forward the fame immediately to the constables, tythingmen,

ed to the con- headboroughs , or other officers of the several parishes within

stables , &c . their respective hundreds ; and in Scotland , such order shall

who shall

be directed to the schoolmasters or other officers mentioned in

cause procla- mation to be

the said recited act to raise and establish a militia force inScot- 2

made, and notices to be

land; and such constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other

affixed on the

officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof , forthwith

church deors,

to cause, within their respective parishes, proclamations to be

&c.

made in the most publick manner of all such particulars as aforesaid, and also to affix notices thereof on the doors of the churches, Ro

chapels, and on the market places and other publick buildings,

and other conspicuous places.

His Majesty

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

maygive pro- for his Majesty, although no invasion shall have taken place ,

visional or-

ders for em- and before any enemy shall appear in force upon the coast, to

bodying the give provisional orders from time to time, to the lieutenants

men enrolled, or deputy lieutenants of any of the counties of Great Britain, in

in the event

relation to the drawing out, assembling, and embodying the men

of invasion, or enrolled under this actin such counties, or any part, proportion,

appearance of

the enemy upon the

or description of the said several classes of the menso enrolled ,

in the event of any such invasion or appearance of the enemy

coast .

in force upon the coast; and all such provisional orders of his

Majesty shall be as valid and effectual, and shall be obeyed ,

observed, and performed in the same manner in all respects ,

until any further or other orders thall be given by his Majesty

in that behalf , as if the fame had been issued and given at the

time of any such invasion or appearance of the enemy upon the

coast.

XLIX. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 96. 609

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or The lieute-

deputy lieutenants acting in his absence, in every county, may nants, with

and shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this act , with the approba-

tion of his

the approbation of his Majesty, ascertain and fix upon, and Majesty, shall

give publick notice of proper places of afssembly within their re - ix and give

-spective counties, and also of proper general signals for drawing notice of

out and assembling the men enrolled for military service under places ofaf-

sembly, and of

this act, in case of invasion or the appearance of any enemy in signals for

force upon the coast , either by firing of guns, or by flags, bea- drawing out

cons, rockets , or otherwise, as shall appear most expedient and the men, in

best adapted to the nature of the country, and most effectual for cafe ofinva-

the giving immediate notice therein of any such invasion or ap-

fion, &c.

pearance of an enemy upon the coast as aforesaid.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any person so ordered If persons

to be drawn out, afsembled, and embodied as aforesaid, not la- enrolled shall

not appear

bouring under any infirmity incapacitating him from military pursuant to

service , and not prevented by any inevitable accident or necef- order or fig-

1 fity , shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, or nal, they shall

upon the making of any such general signals of alarm as afore- be deemed

said, every such man shall be liable to be apprehended and deserters, and

persons har-

punished as a deserter, according to the provisions of any act bouring them

which shall then be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, thall forfeit

and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and 100% .

1 of the articles of war made in pursuance of the fame ; and if any

person shall harbour and conceal any such man, when ordered

s to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be enrolled under

this act, every such person shall , for every such offence, forfeit

and pay the fum of one hundred pounds .

LI . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Persons re-

cafe any person who shall be enrolled for military service under pairing on

horseback,

this act shall, at the time of the drawing out, assembling, and armed andac-

embodying of the persons liable to serve under this act, in pur - coutred at

fuance of any order of his Majesty as aforesaid, repair on horse- their own ex-

back to the place of such meeting, properly mounted, armed , pence, shall be

appointed to

and accoutred, at his own expence, in order to serve in any some corps of

corps of cavalry as a dragoon, every such person shall be enti- cavalry .

tled and appointed to serve in some regiment or corps of caval-

ry, to be formed of persons of a similar description, and shall

not be compelled to serve in any regiment or corps of infantry.

LII . And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty If his Majesty

shall think fit to draw out, assemble, and embody a part or pro- shall think fit

portion only of any one or more of the said classes of men en- to embody a

rolled for military service in any county , the deputy lieutenants, the classes,

partof any of

in their respective subdivisions within such county, shall, imme- the deputy

diately upon the communication of his Majesty's order in that lieutenants

behalf, cause the part or proportion of men to ordered to be thall cause the

number to be

drawn out, assembled, and embodied as aforesaid, to be chosen by chosenbybat

ballot , in case the same shall be necessary, out of the respective lot ( except

classes returned for every parish within their several subdivisions, where the vo-

d unless in cases where the number of volunteers for service lunteers shall

be sufficient ),

under this act shall be sufficient for the purpose ; and such and shallpre-

VOL. XLIV. RR deputy viously ex-

610 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [ 1803 .

amine the

deputy lieutenants shall, before they shall proceed to choose or

classes, and

proceed to

ballot for the men who are to form such part or proportion, ex-

choose the

amine the several classes of men enrolled for military service

men as herein directed .

under this act within their several parishes, and in every case in

which the part or proportion of the men ordered to be drawn

out, assembled, and embodied in such subdivisions shall equal

the number of men contained in such first, or first and second,

or other succeeding classes in their order, then and in such cafe

the men comprized in such class or classes, as the cafe may be,

shall be forthwith drawn out, assembled, and embodied, without

any ballot; and when the proportion of men so required as

aforesaid shall be less than the number of men contained in such

first class , then such proportion shall be ballotted for out of such

class only, and no other ; and when the proportion so required

as aforesaid shall exceed the number of men contained in the

first, or first and any succeeding class or classes in the order in

which they shall so stand as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants

shall first choose all the men in such first class , or first and next

succeeding class or classes, until such proportion shall be as near

as may be completed, and shall then proceed to ballot in man-

ner directed by this act for the remainder of the proportion fo

required as aforesaid out of the class immediately following the

last class that mall have been wholly taken towards making up

such proportion as aforesaid ; and the deputy lieutenants shall

proceed in like manner for the drawing out, assembling, and

embodying of any further part or proportion of the said men in

cafe any further part should be afterwards ordered by his Majesty to be drawn out, assembled, and embodied .

Where volun-

LIII . And be it further enacted, That in all cafes in which

teer corps

any volunteer corps shall have been or shall be formed, with the

are formed , or

where a fuf-

approbation of his Majesty, in any county or parish, or in which

ficient num-

any persons between the ages of seventeen and fifty-five years

berofpersons, shall engage themselves to serve as volunteers, whose effective

between the numbers respectively thall amount to such proportion of the

age of 17 and number of men enrolled for military service in such county or

55, engage to

serve as vo- parish under this act as shall appear satisfactory to his Majesty,

lunteers upon not being less than three-fourths of the whole number of men

certain con-

enrolled for service in the first class of such county or parish re-

ditions, his

Majestymay

spectively, and such volunteer corps, or volunteers aforesaid re-

suspendthe eurolment of

spectively , shall have agreed or thall agree to be trained and

exercised, and to march to any part of Great Britain for the

menunder

defence thereof , in case of actual invasion or the appearance of

this act, &c .

an enemy in force upon the coast, and for the suppreffion of any

rebellion or insurrection as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his

Majesty, by any order communicated through one of his prin-

Lemsa cipal secretaries of state for that purpose to the lieutenant or

deputy lieutenants of such county, to suspend within such county

or parish such of the provisions of this act as require the men

07

enrolled for inilitary service under this act to be trained, exer-

cifed , drawn out, assembled, or embodied, under and subject te

nevertheless to such conditions, as to the number of effective

men to be constantly existing in such volunteer corps, or re- maining

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 611

maining so engaged to serve as volunteers under this act as

aforesaid, and to such other rules and regulations as to exercise,

muster, or inspection by general or other officers, as to his Majesty shall seem recessary; and in case of failure in compliance

with such conditions, rules, and regulations, or if the number of

corps , or of such volunteers as aforesaid, thall not continue

: equal to what shall be required in that behalf , the men enrolled

for military service in such county or parish shall be subject to

1 all the provisions of this act , in the same manner as if no such

volunteer corps had been formed, or such volunteers had not

$ so engaged to serve as aforesaid, or no such order of his Majesty

- had been made thereupon. LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every

Such volun-

teercorps, &c.

such volunteer corps fo formed as aforesaid, and all persons en- thallbe liable

rolled therein, and all such persons engaged to serve as volun- to march to

teers under this act as aforesaid, shall be liable to march to any any part of

part of Great Britain for the defence thereof , on any invafion Great Britain,

incertain

or upon the appearance of any enemy in force on the coast, or events, when

to supprefs any rebellion or insurrection arising or existing summonedby

during any such invafion, whenever they shall be summoned by the lieute-

the lieutenant of the county in which they shall be formed, or in nant of the

consequence of any general signals of alarm as aforesaid ; and all county , &c.

but shall not

persons engaging themselves to serve as volunteers under this be placed in

act shall be liable to be embodied, commanded, and to serve for any corps of

the period, and in the manner, and on the conditions herein. regulars, &c.

and persons

before mentioned, in relation to other persons liable to military neglecting to

service under this act ; provided that no person enrolled and do fo, shall be

serving in any volunteer corps formed as aforesaid, so long as deemedde-

the services of such corps shall be continued by his Majesty, ferters, and

and as such person shall remain an effective member thereof , such corps, &c.

shall then be

shall be placed in any regiment, battalion, or corps of regulars, subject to the

militia, or fencibles ; and every person refusing or neglecting to mutiny laws.

march on the summons of the lieutenant of the county to which

he shall belong , or upon such signals of alarm as aforesaid,

ds shall be deemed to be a deserter , and subject to punishment as

4 such ; and all such volunteer corps as aforesaid , and all officers,

non-commissioned officers, drummers, and privates therein, and

all such persons engaged to serve as volunteers under this act as

tained in anyact of parliament for the punishment of mutiny

and desertion , and better payment of the armyand their quar-

ters, and any articles of war made in pursuance thereof , in all

cafes whatever.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the Wardens, &c.

stannaries, special deputy warden, and all other officers of the of the stan-

✔stannaries in Great Britain, shall respectively, in obedience to his naries, shall

Majesty's orders to be issued for that purpose, procure like matters to be

returns to be made, and all other matters to be done, touching done, touch-

the tinners of the counties of Devon and Cornwall , according to ing the tinners

the customs of the stannaries and privileges of the working tin. ofDevon

RR2 and Cornwall,

ners, as required of

612 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803 .

lieutenants,

ners, as are hereby required to be done by the lieutenants and

and deputy deputy lieutenants aforesaid touching other persons residing in

lieutenants ,

touching

the said counties of Devon and Cornwall , not entitled to the be-

other refi-

nefit of such privileges ; and such warden, special deputy war-

dents in those den, and other officers of the stannaries, thall have such and the

counties.

like powers and authorities to do and execute all and every the

matter and things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants of the several

counties, ridings , stewartries , cities, and places aforesaid, have

for doing the several matters and things hereby required to be

Thelord war-

done by them respectively.

den and the

LVÍ . And be it enacted, That the lord warden and the spe-

special deputy cial deputy warden of the stannaries shall have the same military

warden to

have the fame

command and rank, and the lord warden the same power of ap-

military com- pointing a special deputy warden to act in his absence, within

mand, &c . as the stannaries, as the lieutenants and vice-lieutenants have in

lieutenants their respective counties.

and vice - lieu-

LVII. And be it further enacted That on and from the

tenants.

Officers and

day ofdrawing out, assembling, and embodying the men enrolled

nien, when

for military service in anycounty under this act, the officers and

drawn out,

men of such county so drawn out, assembled, and embodied,

entitled to the shall be entitled to the fame pay as the officers and men of his

famepayas Majesty's other infantry forces, and no other ; and if any non-

his Majesty's commissioned officer , drummer, or private man, shall be maimed

other infantry ,

and the non- or wounded in actual service, he shall be entitled to the benefit of

commissioned Chelsea hospital, in the same manner as any non-commissioned

officers , &c . officer , drummer, or private, then belonging to any of his Ma-

entitled to the jesty's other forces.

benefit of Chelsea hof- LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person so

pital . called out as aforesaid shall, upon repairing to the place of assem-

Persons called bly, take the following oath , and which shall and may be then

out to take and there administered to him by any deputy lieutenant or justice

the following of the peace ; that is to say,

oaths,

maybe admi-

nistered by any

deputy lieute- IA. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith-

ful and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George the

nant or juf- tice;

Third, and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain

for the defence of the fame, against all his enemies and opposers

whatsoever.

So help me GOD.'

and thereupon And thereupon all such persons, whether already formed into

shall beplaced companies or not, shall be placed under the command of such

under the

command of general or other officers, and shall be added or joined to

such officers such existing corps, whether regulars, militia, or fencibles ap-

as his Majesty

shall direct. pointed to serve within Great Britain, for the protection of the

realm, or shall be formed into new corps, in such manner as his

Majesty shall direct, and shall thereupon march and proceed to

any part of Great Britain, for the purpose ofrepelling and defeat-

ing the invasion of the enemy, or for suppressing any rebellion or

insurrection then arising or existing within the realm .

LIX.

to

य

of

L

де

$ 1803 . ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 613

3

LIX. And be it further enacted, That when the persons so en- When persons

rolled for military service under this act as aforesaid shall be enrolled are

ordered out into actual service, the receiver-general of the rates ordered out

into actual

and duties under the management of the commissioners for the service, two

affairs of taxes for the county in England to which such person guineas each

shall belong, and in Scotland the collector of the cess of the county thall be paid

to which such person shall belong, shall and is hereby required to

toprovide ne.

#forthwith to pay to the captain or other commanding officer of

every company of such persons so ordered out into actual service,

or to such other person or persons as the said lieutenant or deputy

lieutenants shall appoint to receive the same, the fum of two gui-

neas for the use of every such person, which shall immediately

be paid to every such person, for the purpose of providing him

with necessaries ; and all the money so paid by the said receiver-

general or collector shall be allowed him in his accounts.

LX. And be it further enacted, That after the defeatAfter the de-

feat and ex-

and expulfion of the enemy from the realm, and suppreffion pulfion of the

of any such rebellion or insurrection as aforesaid, all and every enemy, or the

such persons who shall have been so drawn out, assembled, or em- suppreffion of

bodied, under the provisions of this act, shall forthwith be re- any rebellion

turned to their respective parishes, and the fum of one guinea shall or infurrec- tion, the per-

be paid, under the direction of any general or other superior fons drawn

officer, under whose command such man shall then happen to be, out shall be

to every such person so permitted to return home as aforesaid, returned to

over and above the usual rate of pay to which such person shall their parithes ,

and one gui-

be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his nea paid to

parish . each .

LXI . And be it further enacted, That the wives and families Wives and

of the persons enrolled for military service under this act, when families of

1 drawn out into actual service, shall be entitled to such and the persons

en-

rolled under

like relief , and under such and the like circumstances, as are men- this act enti-

tioned in two several acts passed in the present session of parlia- tled to relief

ment, for providing relief for the families of militia men in Eng- according to

land and Scotland respectively, when called out into actual service; provisions of

43Geo. 3 .

and for that purpose all the rules, regulations, provisions, powers, cap. 47, and

ںیہن

authorities , penalties, and forfeitures, in the said last- mentioned 89. and in

acts respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to ex- England shall

tend to the giving such relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually be repaid

as if the fame were herein enacted: provided always, that all quarterly

yto外

sums of money advanced to the wives and families of any such officers by the

men in England under any order for that purpose, shall, upon receiver- gene-

delivery of a quarterly account of the payment thereof , certified ral of the

and signed by two justices of the peace of the county in which county, &c,

such relief shall be given, be repaid to the overseer or overseers ,

or parish officer or officers who shall have advanced the fame, by

the receiver- general of such county, out of any publick monies in

this hands, and shall be allowed in the account of such receiver-

general : provided also, that no affessment shall be made to make

good the amount of any fums paid for such relief to such wives

and families in Scotland under this act, in the manner directed by

such

614 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 96. [1803 .

such last- mentioned act relative to Scotland , to make good the

fums paid to the wives and families of militia men pursuant

thereto.

Actnot to ex-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con-

from ballotted to

empt persons tained shall be construed in any manner to exempt any person

from being ballotted at any time to serve in the militia, or addi-

serve in the

tional force raised under the the before mentioned acts of this pre-

militia , or ad- fent fession, if he shall be liable thereto by law ; but that all such

ditional force

under recited persons shall be liable to be ballotted to serve, and shall serve in

acts of the

like manner as if this act had not been made.

presentseffion. LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provi-

Powers con- foes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, clauses, matters, and

tained in the things contained in the said two several acts of the forty-second

two acts of

the 42d of his year of his present Majesty's reign, or in any other act relative to

Majesty , re- the militia, or in the said first recited act of the present session

lative to the of parliament, or in the two several acts of the present session of

militia, &c. untered parliament for raising and assembling an additional militaryforce ,

or repealed, and in the afore-mentioned act for providing relief to the fami-

shall extendto lies of militia men in Scotland, shall, in so far as the same are not

this act.

hereby altered , varied, or repealed, be applied and practised for

the purposes of this act in as full and ample a manner as if the

said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties ,

clauses, matters, and things were again repeated and enacted in

this act.

Warden of

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the

the Cinque ports, &c.

Cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their members, and in his

shallput this

absence, his lieutenant or lieutenants, and all magistrates, jurats,

act in execu-

constables, churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and otherofficers

tion .

within the fame, shall put in execution within the said ports , towns,

and members, all the powers and authorities given and granted

by this act, and do or cause to be done, all acts, matters, or

things, thereby required, in like manner as lieutenants of coun-

ties, and their deputy lieutenants , or constables, church wardens,

overseers of the poor, and other officers , may put in execution

all such powers and authorities, and do or cause to be done, such

acts, matters , and things respectively.

Act not to be

deemed a pre-

cedent todi-

minish the

rights of the

city of Lon-

don .

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this

act or any thing herein contained shall not be deemed or construed to be a precedent on any future occasion to diminish or be

prejudicial to the rights, liberties, customs, privileges, immuni-

ties, and exemptions to which the mayor, and commonalty , and

citizens of the city of London, or the freemen citizens, or inha-

bitants of the said city , are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of

parliament, charter, usage, or otherwise howsoever.

neral meet- Clerks to ge-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks

ings, &c. to be

to the general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to subdivision

rewardedfor

meetings, and all other officers and persons whatsoever, entitled

their trouble.

under the said recited acts of the forty-second year of his present

Majesty's reign to any remuneration for their pains and labour in

executing the provisions of the said acts, who shall execute the

like

2

F

t

に

of

t

と

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 96. 615

like or other provisions of this act to the satisfaction of the lieu-

tenant and deputy lieutenants, thall , for such services respectively,

receive such rewards as are directed by the said acts for such fur-

ther reward for their pains and trouble in and about the executing

this act, as the deputy lieutenants assembled at any meeting held for

- that purpose, at which not less than five deputy lieutenants shall

be present, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify

under their hands ; and such respective rewards shall, on the pro-

duction of such certificate so signed as aforesaid to the respective

receivers -general in England, and the respective collectors of the

cess in Scotland, be paid out of any publick monies in their hands,

and be allowed in their accounts.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Application of

and forfeitures, paid or levied under this act, shall, in England , go Penalties .

and be applied in aid of the poor rates of the parish where the

same shall respectively be forfeited ; and in Scotland, in aid of the

assessments directed to be made in such parish, for the purposes

of this act ; and where any money is by this act directed to be Where over-

paid out of any such rates, and the overseers of the poor shall seers shall not

not have any money of such rates to pay the same, it shall be law- have money,

they thall

ful for the said overseers of the poor , and they are hereby re- make rates.

quired to make rates for the purpose of paying the fame, and

ins

such rates shall be made, raised, levied, and collected in like man-

ner, and with all such powers in every respect, as any rates made

for the relief of the poor.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants, Lieutenants,

&c . shall have

and deputy lieutenants acting in their absence, of the respective the chief

counties, thall have the chief command of the men enrolled for command of

military service under this act, in their respective counties, fo long the men en-

rolled while in

as such menshall remain within such counties respectively, or their counties ,

ک

until any such men shall, by any order of his Majesty in pursuance or until put

of this act, be drawn out, assembled, and embodied, and put under under the

the command of any general or other officer or officers in his command of

Majesty's service. officers in his

be

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for vice.

Majesty's fer-

any lord-lieutenant of any county, with the approbation of his Lord- lieute-

Majesty, to appoint any deputy lieutenant to act for him within nant, with the

the county, as lieutenant thereof , during the necessary and un- approbation

avoidable absence of such lord-lieutenant, and no longer, and to of his Majesty,

appoint any deputy lieutenant to act as lieutenant of any division may appoint deputy

of such county ; and all vice- lieutenants so appointed under this lieutenant to

act shall, from and after the passing thereof , rank within their act during his

respective counties as lieutenant- colonels of militia ; and all lieu- absence, and

to act as lieu-tenants ofdivisions so appointed under this act shall rank within tenant of any

their respective counties as majors of militia ; and all other de- division of the

puty lieutenants acting as such in their respective subdivisions county.

shall rank within their respective counties as captains ofmilitia . Rank of vice-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any owner or &c. lieutenants,

owners, or person or persons interested in any property or arti- Whereper-

cles which it may be found necessary to take for the publick fons thall be

service , shall be unwilling to accept the compensation ascertained unwilling to

bytake the com

616 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. [1803 .

pensation af by any person appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's

retained in treasury, in Great Britain, in the manner mentioned in the faidas

43 Geo. 3 .

act of this session of parliament for the defence and security of

c. 55. for ar-

the realm, and indemnifying persons suffering in their property ,

ticles found necessary for

then and in such case the lord-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants

acting for him thall, and they are hereby required to issue their

the publick service , the lieutenant

warrants to the sheriff of the county where such property or ar-

ticles shall be, for the summoning of a jury for the ascertaining

shall summon

the value thereof , and such jury shall be summoned and meet,

ajury , who

shall ascertain

and ascertain the same ; and the verdict given by such jury shall

the value.

be certified, and the amount thereof paid, in manner in the said

act mentioned in relation to the value of land required for the

publick service, any thing in the said act contained to the con-

No indemni-

trary notwithstanding.

fication shall

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

bemade to

indemnification or compensation shall be made, given, or paid

any male per- under the said act or this act, to any person not being a female ,

fon , whose whose name does not appear in the muster roll of the parish in

namedoes not which he resides, and who being of an age and fit for, and not

appearin the

muster roll , exempted from, military service, shall not have complied with all

who shall not the provisions of the said act and this act, and who shall not

have complied make it appear to the person appointed to ascertain such compen-

with the pro- fation , or to the jury where any such shall be summoned, that he

visions of the

said act and

has done his utmost to prevent the property and articles for

this act, &c .

which such compensation shall be required falling into the hands

of the enemy ; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No orders,

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no order or convic-

&c. shall be

removed into tion made in pursuance of this act by any lieutenant, deputy

anycourt, &c . lieutenant, or justice of the peace, shall be removed by certiorari

or advocation out of the county wherein such orders or conviction hall be made, into any court whatever, or be liable to fuf-

pension ; and that no writ of certiorari or bill of advocation or

suspension shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon

any such order or conviction, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had thereupon, any such writ or writs, bill or

bills , or allowances thereof notwithstanding.

This act may

be altered or

repealed this

session.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

this act, or any of the provisions thereof , may be altered, varied,

or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session

of parliament.

10

SCHE-

T

D

4

C

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 617

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers .

dto

물

P

SAF

02

SCHEDULE ( A. )

To

Take notice, That you are hereby required, within two days

from the date hereof , to prepare or produce a list in writing, to

the best of your belief , of the christian and furname of each and

every man resident in your dwelling-house between the ages of

seventeen and fifty- five, distinguishing in such lift the several

particulars mentioned in the columns thereof; and in the last

column of remarks specify whether the person opposite to whose

name the remark shall be made is " willing to engage to serve as a

volunteer under this act, or is infirm or lame, or a clergyman, or

licensed teacher in holy orders, quaker, or medical man, or is

actually serving as an officer in the army, navy, marines, militia,

fencibles, or volunteers, or additional military forces , or a confta-

ble , or other peace officer ; " and you are to sign such lift with your

own name, and to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to

me.

Dated the day of A. B. Constable.

Number of

er Names. Description. Age. Married or

Single.

Children

REMARKS.

under 10

Years .

A. B. Housekeeper 35 Single

Enrols himselfin the

Parish of L. in the

County of M.

C. D. Servant- 25 Single None

E. F. Lodger 27 Married None

G. H. Inmate 30 Single None Infirm and Lame.

I. K. Housekeeper 35 Married I Voluntary Service.

N. B. If any house is divided in distinct stories or apartments

occupied distinctly, each distinct occupier is required to make this

return.

Neglect of compliance with this notice will subject the party

to the penalty of ten pounds.

Take notice, That the

of in the day of at the hour

noon, is appointed for hearing appeals within this subdivision, by persons claiming to be exempt

from serving in the

A. B. Constable of

DE ( B )

2

SCHE-

SCHEDULE ( B. )

CONSTABLE'S LIST OF PARISH OF A.

Ist CLASS .

2d CLASS . 3d CLASS . 4th CLASS

NAMES . Descriptions

Men between

30 to 50unmarried ,

17 to 30 married , or

Remainder

17 and 30unmarried ,

of Men be-

and no

no Children living under

Children under to

2 Children under to

tween

17 and 35 .

Years .

To Years .

Years .

A. B. Farmer

C. D. Labourer

X

E. F. Shoemaker

G. H. Esquire -

X

Ι . Κ . Shopkeeper

L. M. Clergyman

Ν . Ο . Farmer

X

of

C

---- X

X

REMARKS .

{ Enrolled in Yeomanry Cavalry

Infirm or Lame .

Enrolled in the Parish of L. in

the County of M.

2

Voluntary Service .

CHEDOPEZAnno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 96. [1803.

618 1

SCHEDULE ( C. )

ENROLMENT OF PARISH OF A.

CLASSES .

NAMES . Description .

REMARKS .

I. 2 . 3 . 4 .

A. B.

C. D.

E. F.

G. H.

1. Κ .

L. M.

Ν . Ο .

Farmer

Labourer

Servant

X

X

X

Enrolled in Volunteer Infantry .

Enrolled in Sea Fencibles .

XXX

X

-

P. 2. Esquire

R. S.

X

Totals

-

D

Infirm and Lame .

Surgeon and Apothecary .

Parson of the Parish .

S Enrolled in the Parish of L.

in the County of M.

Voluntary Service .

Total of all the Classes

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 96. 619

No in

SUBDIVISION .

rst Class 2d

Effective . A 150 270

B.

Totals

3d

SCHEDULE ( D. )

ABSTRACT OF SUBDIVISION ROLLS FOR THE COUNTY OF A.

Army , Marines ,

Clergy ,

4th

Voluntary

Volunteer

Licensed Teachers ,

Corps ,

Effective . Effective .

Effective .

Service .

Sea Fen-

Medical Men , and

cibles .

Constables .

126

379

10

7

27

Enrolled in INFIRM . Parismes out

of the

County .

37

A. B. Clerk to General Meeting .620 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 96. [ 1803.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. 621

SCHEDULE ( E. )

MUSTER ROLL of EXERCISE PARISH of A.

Day Month.

Present. Description. Absent . Description. REMARKS.

A. B. Farmer. О. Р. Esquire Sick .

C. D. Gentleman. Q. R. Servant.

E.F. Labourer. S. T. Shopkeeper Absent from Home.

G.H. Shopkeeper.

Ι . Κ.

L. M.

Signed X. Z. {

Commanding Officer,

or Constable,

as the Case may be.

САР. XCVII.

An act to amend several acts of parliament for the better collection

andsecurity of his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein ; and to make further

regulations relating thereto. [July 27, 1803. ]

HEREAS by an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in Iri

WHEREAS Irish act,

the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the 38 Geo

3.

purpose , amongst other things, offecuring the duty on auctions in C. 24.

Ireland, it was, amongst other things, provided, that any goods

imported into Ireland, by way of merchandize, from any British

colony or plantation in America, the same being of the growth, pro-

duce , or manufacture of such colonies or plantations, should not be

charged with the duty on goods fold by auction in Ireland, under the

restrictions and regulations in the said act contained: and whereas it

is expedient to exempt the goods , wares, and merchandizes, herein-

after mentioned , from the said duty on auctions in Ireland ; be it

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same , That, from and after the first day ofFrom Aug. 1,

August 1803, goods

622 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 97. [1803.

imported into August one thousand eight hundred and three, all goods, wares,

Ireland in Bri- merchandize, and effects, imported into Ireland, in any British

tish ships from

America may or Irish ship or vessel, from any British colony or settlement in

befold free ofAmerica, or from any part of the United States of America , shall

auction duty. and may be fold by auction free of the duty imposed by law in

Ireland on goods and effects sold by auction, in like manner,

and under the fame restrictions and regulations as are contained

in the said recited act, with respect to goods, wares, or mer.

chandizes, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the colonies

be

or plantations in the said act mentioned.

Auctioneers

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective

to give notice notices in and by the said recited act of the thirty-eighth year

offales , on

penalty of 207, aforesaid, required to be delivered by any auctioneer or feller by

commission before he or she shall begin any sale by auction,

shall, in addition to the matters and things in and by the said

10

act required, also specify and contain the place where such sale

is to be held ; and that if any auctioneer shall put up to sale any

estate, goods, or effects, without delivering the notices and

catalogues in and by the said act and this act, or either of them,

specified and required, or any estate, goods, or effects, not

f

particularly enumerated or expressed in such catalogues, every

such auctioneer shall , for every such offence, forfeit the sum of the

twenty pounds.

40Geo. 3.

C.63.

III. And whereas by an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in

the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the purpose

amongst other things of the better regulation ofandfecuring the duties

payable on licences to persons engaged in the several trades therein

mentioned, it is amongst other things enacted , that every person brew-

ing strong beer or ale, orsmallbeer, forsale, whether by retailorother-

wise, should take out a licence for so doing in manner as in the said

last recited act is mentioned, directed , and contained , be it enacted,

Continuance That all licences which shall have been or shall be granted at any

of licences to time before the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand

brewers .

eight hundred and three, under and by virtue of the said recited

act, to persons so brewing strong beer or ale, or small beer, in

Ireland , shall continue in force until the twenty- ninth day of

September one thousand eight hundred and four ; and that all

such licences which shall be granted at any time on or after the

said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred

and three, shall continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of

September next after the time of granting such licences respectively, and no longer ; any thing in the said last recited act , or

L

in any other act or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary not-

withstanding.

IV. And whereas it is necessary to make further provision for the

better regulating the issuing and granting ofpermits and certificates

for the conveyance andprotection of certain exciseable goods in Ireland,

and to preventfrauds by dealers in or retailers of such goods, be it

Penalty on

therefore enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever in

person persons not removing ex

Ireland shall, from and after the first day ofAngust one thousand

ha Oreight

.1803 . ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 97 . 623

eight hundred and three, obtain or procure, or cause to be ciseable goods

obtained or procured, any permit, for the removal from one according to

place to another of any of the exciseable goods or commodities permits.

hereinafter mentioned, and if within the times limited in such

permit or permits respectively the person or persons by or for

whom such permit or permits shall be so obtained or procured

shall not either actually and really remove and deliver all the

goods or commodities by such permit or permits authorised to

品 开

be removed, pursuant to the true intent and meaning thereof ,

or , in default of so sending away and delivering such goods or

commodities, shall not before the expiration of the time limited

in and by such permit or permits respectively return such permit

or permits to the officer or officers who shall have granted the

fame, or in cafe such goods or commodities shall not be delivered

to the person or persons, and at the place mentioned in such

permit or permits respectively, as the person to whom and the

place to which such goods or commodities are intended to be

conveyed , then and in every such respective case and cafes the

person or persons obtaining or procuring such permit or permits,

or for whose use such permit or permits shall be obtained or

procured, shall forfeit and lose for all such goods and commodities named in such permit or permits the respective sums and

- penalties hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for every gallon

of wine, brandy, or other foreign spirits, or spirits made in

Ireland , the fum of ten shillings ; for every pound weight of

fr

tobacco, snuff , coffee, or tea, the sum of ten thillings ; for

every barrel of malt, the sum often shillings ; for every piece of

foreign silk and East- India goods, and for every hundred weight

offugar, the sum of forty shillings : and upon the trial of any

information for recovery of any of the said penalties or fums of

money, the defendant or defendants therein shall be convicted ,

unless proof shall be made by such defendant or defendants that

all the goods and commodities for the conveyance of which such

permit or permits was or were so obtained or procured, was or

were actually brought from the place mentioned in such permit

or permits, and was or were actually delivered to the person and

at the place expressed in such permit or permits, or that such

ملا

permit or permits was or were respectively returned to the

officer or officers who granted the said permit or permits before

the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit or

permits.

V. And be it further enacted, That all exciseable goods, for Permits may

the removal of which in Ireland a permit is by law required, be inspected,

or goods lia-

which shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed ble to feifure.

from any part or place in Ireland to any other part thereof ,

whether from any part of any city or town to another part

thereof , or from one town or place to another town or place,

maybe seised by any officer or officers of excise in Ireland , and

shall be forfeited, unless the carrier or person conveying the fame,

or the person in whose possession the same shall be, shall, on demand made by any such officer, suffer and allow such officer to inspect

624 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C.97. [1803 .

inspect and examine the permit or let-pass authorising the re-

moval of such goods .

Penalty of

VI. And be it further enacted , That, from and after the first

100l , on per

fons giving or

day of August one thousand eight hundred and three, if any per-

using, &c.

fon or persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or

anyfalse per-

untrue permit, let-pass , or coast cocket, for the removal of any

mit .

exciseable goods or commodities from one part of Ireland to any

other part thereof , or any certificate founded on such permit ,

let-pass , or coast cocket; or if any person or persons shall

knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue

permit, let- pass, coast cocket, or certificate, with or for any such

exciseable goods or commodity, or if any person or persons shall

fraudulently alter or erase any permit, let-pass, coast cocket, or

certificate, after the same shall have been given or granted by

the proper officer of revenue, or if any person or persons shall

knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such permit ,

let- pass, coast cocket, or certificate, so unlawfully given or

received, altered, or erased, every person so offending shall, for

each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one

hundred pounds.

Penalty on

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first

officersdeli-

vering out

day of August one thousand eight hundred and three, if any

any permits,

officer of the revenue in Ireland shall deliver out , or suffer to be

&c. inblank,

delivered out, any paper prepared or provided or appointed by

or not filled

the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland to be used for per.

upaccording 40 3 .

mits, let-passes, coast cockets, or certificates, in blank, or before

c. 68. or granting false

such permit, let-pass, coast cocket, or certificate respectively shall

be filled up, pursuant to the directions of an act, made in the

permits, &c .

or taking exciseable

parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's

reign, intituled, An actfor better regulating the issuing andgranting

goods into

ofpermits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain

the stock of

exciseable goods therein mentioned, and to preventfrauds by dealers in

anydealer,

brought in

or retailers of such goods, or any other act or acts in force in Ire-

with a false

land respecting such permits and certificates ; or if any such

permit , &c.

officer shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue permit,

let-pass , coast cocket, or certificate, or shall make any false or

untrue entry in the duplicate or duplicates of any permit , let-

pass, coast cocket, or certificate, given or granted by him, or

shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any exciseable

commodity whatsoever into the stock of any dealer in or retailer

of such commodities brought in with any false, forged, or untrue

permit, let-pass , or coast cocket, or shall knowingly and wil-

lingly grant any permit, let-pass, or coast cocket, for the re-

moval of any exciseable goods or commodity whatsoever, out of

and from the stock of any dealer in or retailer of such commodities , who shall have received or retained any such goods or

commodities under or by virtue or pretext of any such false,

forged, or untrue permit, let-pass, coast cocket, or certificate ;

or if any such officer shall knowingly permit or suffer the fame

to be done directly or indirectly contrary to the true intent and

meaning of this act, and the several acts in force in Ireland for the

t

t

* 1803 .] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. 625

the protection of his Majesty's revenue, every such officer

so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall , for each

and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred

pounds.

12

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any question shall Proof of the

arise whether any spirits removed by any permit are bonafide such quality of

spirits agree-

spirits distilled in Ireland, or such foreign spirits as are described ingwith the

- and specified in the permit accompanying the fame, or granted permit to lie

for the removal thereof , the proof of such spirits being really on the owners.

L.

and bonâ fide of the fort specified in such permit shall be upon the

1

owner or claimer thereof.

IX. And, to obviate any doubts whether tobacco may by law be

landed and warehoused at the port of Youghall in Ireland, be it

enacted, That during the continuance of this act it shall and Youghallde-

may be lawful to import tobacco into Ireland at the port ofclared a port

where tobacco

15

Youghall , and that the importer thereof at the said port shall be

maybe landed

entitled to have the same lodged in a warehouse, and to take and ware-

✓ any benefit in respect of warehousing and bonding the same, housed.

under and by virtue of an act passed in the parliament of Ireland,

in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An attfor regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and forfecur- 37 Geo. 3 .

ing the duties payable upon the import and manufacture of tobacco, in c. 42 .

like manner as may be done with respect to tobacco imported

at any of the ports mentioned in the said recited act, and as if

the said port of Youghail had been mentioned and specified in

the said recited act.

X. And , for the more effectual prevention offrauds on the revenue לש

of Ireland bysmuggling, be it enacted, That it shall and may be Commanders

rlawful for the commanders of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels ofKing's

ships may

of war, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty officer, specially feife vessels

authorised by them, to seise, without having any def utation or with contra-

commission from the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of band goods.

excise or custom in Ireland for that purpose, any thips or vessels

whatever, and any such goods, wares, or merchandizes , found

on board any such ship or vessel as shall be subject to forfeiture

by this act, or any other act or acts of parliament in force in

Ireland for any offence against his Majesty's revenue of customs

or excise in Ireland : provided, that the commander of such ship

or vessel of war shall in all respects, in regard to the delivery and

prosecution of any such seisure, conform to all and each and

every of the rules , regulations, and restrictions , to which the

officers of his Majesty's said revenue in Ireland are now, or

hereafter shall be subject in case of such seisures made by them ;

any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by several acts of parliament now inforce in

Ireland for the collecting, regulating, andfecuring of his Majesty's

revenues of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds

therein, certainships, vessels, and boats, in the said alts respectively

particularly described, are, if found in any bay, port, harbour, river,

or creek in Ireland, or within four leagues of theshore thereof , or

discovered so to have been under certain circumstances , subject and

VOL, XLIV. Ss liable

626 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C.97 . [ 1803 .

liable toforfeiture, together with all the goods on board anyfuchship,

vessel , or boat, and the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle , and

apparel thereof : and whereas it is expedient that the provisions of

the laws now in force relating tofuchships, vessels, and boats , and

to the prevention of the clandestine importation and running of probi-

bited goods, and goods liable to duties, should be extended; be it

Vesselsde-

scribed in

therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of August

former acts

one thousand eight hundred and three, every ship, vessel, and

found hover boat, which under and by virtue of any act or acts of parliament

ingwithin in force in Ireland , on and immediately before the first day of

eight leagues August one thousand eight hundred and three, for the collecting,

instead of

four of the

regulating, or securing his Majesty's revenues of customs and

shore, shall be excise in Ireland, or either of them, or for preventing frauds

forfeited, &c. therein, or under or by virtue of any of the provisions in such

act or acts contained, would be subject and liable to forfeiture

for hovering, or being found or discovered to have been within

four leagues of the shore of Ireland, shall, with all her guns,

tackle , furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all goods and

commodities on board, be subject and liable to forfeiture, if

hovering, or found or discovered to have been within eight

leagues of the shore of Ireland, under any of the circumstances

in the said acts or any of them respectively specified, described,

or mentioned ; and that all and every such act and acts respectively, and all clauses, provisions , powers, authorities, forfeitures ,

penalties, restrictions , exemptions, exceptions, matters, and-

things , in such act or acts contained, relating to ships, vessels,

boats, and the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel thereof, hovering or found or discovered to have been

within four leagues of the shore of Ireland, and also relating to

any goods laden or being on board any such ships, vessels, or

boats, shall be and the same are and is hereby extended, and

hereby directed and declared, severally and respectively to extend, and shall, from and after the first day ofAuguft one thou-

fand eight hundred and three, be deemed and construed to extend, and shall apply, and be in full force and applied and put

in execution, as to all ships, vessels, and boats, and the guns,

tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel thereof , which shall,

under any of the circumstances specified, described, or mentioned in any such act or acts, be hovering or found or discovered

to have been within eight leagues of the shore of Ireland; and

also to allgoods on board any such ships, vessels, or boats, in

as full and ample a manner to all intents and purposes as if all

and every such act and acts, and all the clauses, provisions,

powers, authorities, forfeitures, penalties, restrictions, exemp-

tions, exceptions, matters, and things therein contained, were

particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body

of his present act, as to such distance of eight leagues as aforesaid.

Pains and pe-

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first

nalties of for- day of August one thousand eight hundred and three, all pains,

mer acts respecting the as well pains of death as other pains, and all forfeitures, fines,

and

- 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 97 . 627

and penalties , and all provisions , powers, authorities , rules, hovering of

regulations, restrictions, exemptions, and exceptions contained vessels extended to this

in all and every or any act or acts of parliament in force in act.

Ireland on and immediately before the passing of this act, for

the collecting, regulating, or securing his Majesty's revenues of

customs and excise in Ireland, or either of them, or for prevent-

✓ing frauds therein relating to ships, vessels , or boats so hovering

or found or discovered to have been within four leagues of the

shore of Ireland , or to any master or other person having or

taking the charge or command, or any other person on board

of any such ship, vessel, or boat, shall extend , and be deemed,

construed and taken , and shall apply and be in full force and

put in execution, inall cases and for all purposes, as to all such

ships, vessels , or boats hovering , or found or discovered to have

been within eight leagues of the shore of Ireland , and as to every

master or other person having or taking the charge or command,

or other person on board of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, in as

او

full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes, as ifall and

every such act and acts, and all such pains , as well pains of

death as other pains, and all forfeitures , fines and penalties,

provisions, powers and authorities, rules, regulations , restrictions ,

exemptions, exceptions , clauses, matters, and things, in such

act or acts contained and enacted, were particularly and expressly

repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act, as to

such distance of eight leagues as aforesaid ; any thing in any act

一個

or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if , upon any trial ofDoubts re-

10

any information for or of any action relating to the seisure or specting the

limits ofho-

forfeiture of any such ship, vessel, or boat, or the tackle, apparel, vering not

guns, furniture, or ammunition thereof , or of any goods on to prevent

board the fame respectively, hovering, or being found or disco- judgement

veredtohave been within any limits or distances mentioned in against the

vessel and

this act, or in any other act or acts of parliament in force in contraband

Ireland on and immediately before the first day of August one cargo.

thousand eight hundred and three, or seised as or proceeded

against in due course of law for hovering or being fo found or

disoovered as aforesaid, it shall appear to the court or jury respectively that, from the evidence given on such trial, it is doubt-

1

ful whether such ship, vessel, or boat was within such limits or

distances as aforesaid, but it shall nevertheless at the same time

رک

be made appear to the satisfaction of such court or jury respectively , that such ship, vessel, or boat had on board prohibited

goods , or goods liable to the payment of duties in Ireland , and

was then bound for or hovering on the coast or shore of Ireland ,

for the purpose of clandestine importation, or illegal running of

را

such goods , it shall be lawful for such court or jury to find a

verdict, or give judgement on such information or action respectively , or as to any such ship, vessel, or boat, and the guns,

furniture , ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof , and any

goods on board such ship, vessel, or boat, in like manner as if

it had been fully proved that such ship, vessel, or boat was ho-

vering or found, or had been discovered to have been within

SS2 any

1

628 Annoregniquadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. [1803.

any such limits or distances as aforesaid : provided nevertheless,

that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to

alter any such limits or distances, or to any cases in which there

shall not be doubt as to whether such ship, vessel , or boat, in

respect whereof any such question shall arise, was hovering, or

found or discovered to be within such limits or distances respectively as aforesaid .

Revenue offi-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

cers to batten first day of August one thousand eight hundred and three, any

down hatches

ofships hav- officer or officers of the revenue in Ireland , who ( hall first come

ingcertain on board any ship or vesel bound for any port in Ireland, and

commodities having on board any spirits, wines, tobacco, tea, sugar, or

onboard.

coffee (except the quantity allowed by law for the consumption

of the crew) , either within the limits of any of the ports of

Ireland , or within eight leagues of the shore thereof , shall and

may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to batten, fasten, and lock down the main and other

hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of fłowage

in such ship or vessel ; and if such officer or officers shall neglect

so to do, then and in such case any other officer or officers of

the revenue shall and may batten, fasten, and lock down the

hatchway and hatchways, and the master or other person hav-

ing or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall ,

and he is hereby required to assist or cause to be assisted such

officer or officers, by and with a sufficient number of the crew

of such ship or vessel, in the battening, fastening, and locking

-97

down such hatchway or hatchways, and to provide and keep on

board good and sufficient locks and fastenings for that purpose;

Penalty on

masters not

and if any such master or other person shall neglect or refuse to

provide and keep such locks and fastenings, or to assist or cause

providing locks and fastenings, or

to be assisted any such officer or officers in battening, fastening ,

or locking down such hatchway or hatchways according to the

opening the

directions of this act, or if any such hatchway shall after the fame

hatches with

outthe proper

shall have been so battened, fastened, or locked down as aforesaid ,

officer.

according to the directions of his act, be opened, or if any fastening

or lock affixed to any such hatchway for the purpose of fastening

or locking the fame according to the directions of this act shall be

open, broken, or damaged after such hatchway shall have been fo

battened, fastened, or locked down as aforesaid, and before the

same shall have been opened by the proper officer or officers of

the revenue, the master or other person having or taking the

charge or command of such ship or vessel shall, for each and

every such offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XV. And , for the more effectual protection ofofficers of the revenue

Revenue of in Ireland, in the discharge of their duty ; be it enacted, That if

ficers refifted any person or persons armed with guns, pistols, cutlasses , clubs,

in the execu- sticks, or other offensive weapons, shall hinder, molest, or refift

tion of their op. any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue of customs or

dutymay op-

pose forceby excise in Ireland , in the execution of his or their duty, by beat-

force, &c. ing, maiming, or wounding any such officer or officers, or any

person or persons acting in his or their assistance, it shall and

may be lawful for any such officer or officers, and all persons by them

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. 629

them called to their assistance, who are so resisted or molested, to

oppose force to force, and to endeavour by the same methods that

10 are violently used against him or them, to defend himself or

themselves, and to execute the duty of his or their office ; and if

any person or persons so hindering, molesting, or refifting

as aforesaid , any such officer or officers, or any of his or their

assistants , shall in so doing be wounded, maimed, or killed, and

such officer or officers or his or their afsistants shall be sued,

molested, or prosecuted for or on account of such wounding,

maiming, or killing such officer and officers, and person or per-

fons acting in his or their assistance, shall and may plead the

21 general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence

in his and their defence ; and his Majesty's justices of the

peace, and other justices and persons having competent authority,

before whom any such officer or officers, or other person or per-

fons acting in his or their afsistance , shall or may be brought

for or on account of any such wounding, maiming, or killing as

aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, enjoined and

required, to admit every such officer and officers, person and per-

fons so brought before him or them, to bail ; any law, usage , or

custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty on

first day of August one thousand eight hundred and three, if any officers for

officer of his Majesty's navy, customs, or excise in Ireland , shall shall making collu-

make any collusive seisure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any &c .

five seisures,

agreement to deliver up, or not to seise any ship or vessel, or

any goods liable to forfeiture by this or any other act of parliament relating to his Majesty's revenues of customs or excise in

Ireland , or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any bribe,

gratuity, recompence, or reward for the neglect or non-performance of his duty, every such officer so offending shall, for

each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred

pounds, and be rendered incapable offerving his Majesty in any

office or employment, civil or military ; and if any person or

persons whatsoever shall give, offer , or promise to give any

bribe; recompence, or reward to, or make any collusive agreement with any officer of the navy, customs, or excise in Ireland,

to do, conceal, or connive at any act whereby any of the provisions of this act, or any act or acts of parliament relative to

his Majesty's revenue of customs or excise in Ireland, may or

shall be evaded or broken, every such person or persons shall for

each and every such offence, ( whether the said offer, promise,

or agreement shall be accepted or performed, or not, ) forfeit the

fun of five hundred pounds; and any licence previously granted

to any such person or persons to manufacture or deal in any ex-

ciseable goods , wares, or merchandize, thall on conviction for

such offence, become absolutely void to all intents and purposes,

5

and such person or persons shall from thenceforth be incapable

ofhaving or taking any such licence in future.

XVII . And , for the preventing of vexatious fuits and actions Notice ofac-

tions , to be

against officers of the revenue in Ireland, be it enacted, Thatdur- given to reve

ing nue officers

630 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. [1803 .

ing the continuance of this act, no writ or process shall be sued

out against any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue of cuf-

toms or excise in Ireland, or against any person or persons acting

by his or their order, in his or their aid , for any thing done in

the execution, or by reason of this or any other act or acts of

parliament in force in Ireland , relating to the said revenue, until

one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been

delivered to him or them, or left at the usual place of his or

their abode, by or from the attorney or agent for the person or

persons who intends or intend to sue out such writ or process as

aforesaid ; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained and expressed the cause ofaction, the time when and place

where such alleged cause of action shall have accrued, the name

and place of abode of the person or persons in whose name such

action is intended to be brought, and the name and place of

abode of the said attorney or agent.

Tender of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

amends may lawful to and for any such officer or officers, or other person or

be made.

persons acting in his or their aid, to whom such notice shall be

given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after

such notice shall have been given, to tender or cause to be ten-

dered amends to the person or persons complaining, or to his,

her, or their attorney or agent; and in cafe such amends shall

not be accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be

brought against him or them, grounded on such writ or process,

together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas

with leave of the court in which such action shall be brought ;

and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends

so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict

for the defendant or defendants; and in such cafe, or in cafe the

plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue

such action, or in case judgement shall be given for such de-

fendant or defendants upon demurrer or otherwise, then such

defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as he

or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had

pleaded the general issue only ; and if upon issue so joined the

jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the fame

were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants

on such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for

such plaintiff or plaintiffs , and such damages as they shall think

Notice to con-

proper. XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such

tain every cause of ac-

plaintiffor plaintiffs , in any case where an action shall be founded

tion.

on any act done by the defendant or defendants , shall be per-

mitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as

aforesaid ; nor shall any verdict be given against such defendant

or defendants, unless it shall be proved, on the trial of such

action, that such notice was given, and in default of such proof

the defendant or defendants in such action hall have a verdict

and recover costs as aforesaid .

2

XX. And

A-

2

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 97. 631

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such officer Moneymaybe

or officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their aid, paid into

7

shall neglect to tender amends, or shall have tendered insufficient court.

amends before the action brought, it shall and may be lawful for

Σ

him or them, by leave of the court in which such action shall be

brought, at any time before issue joined to pay into such court

B2

such sum or fums of money as he or they shall think fit ; where-

upon such proceedings, orders, and judgements shall be had,

made, and given in and by such court, as in other actions where

the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from the time any Revenue offi-

✓ goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any corn or grain, or any cers in ships

tobe pro-

meal, malt, or flour, shall be begun to be shipped or put on ided prith

board any ship or vessel , to be carried from any port, creek, or bedand

place, in Ireland, to be landed at any port or place in Ireland or board.

elsewhere, it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of his

Majesty's customs or excise in Ireland, or any one of them, or

for the collector, surveyor, or other chief officer of the port

where such goods, wares, or merchandizes, corn or grain,

meal, malt, or flour, shall be so put on board such ship or

vessel, to place one or two officers on board such ship or vessel,

25

there to remain during such voyage, and until all the said goods,

wares, or merchandizes, corn or grain, meal, malt, or flour,

10

shall be duly landed, or for such time as in their discretion shall

seem fit ; and that the master or other person having the charge

or command of such ship or vessel shall provide such officer or

officers with beds or hammocks to rest or sleep in, under the

deck of such ship or vessel, and shall also provide such officer or

نا

officers with sufficient food during the whole of such voyage, or

for such time as such officer or officers shall be directed to re-

20

main on board, and shall land such officer or officers at the port

or place for which such ship or vessel shall have cleared out, if

so directed ; and if any such master or other person having the

command of such ship or vessel shall neglect or refuse to supply

such officer or officers with beds or hammocks, and food, in

manner aforesaid, or shall not land such officer at such place, he

shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds .

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every master Officers to be

or other person having charge or command of any ship or vessel provided with

arriving at or lying in any of the ports of Ireland small accommo- beds, when

date such officer or officers of the revenue, not exceeding two port .

ships are in

at one time, as shall be placed on board such ship or vessel, with

ー ド

beds or hammocks to rest or sleep in, under the deck of such

ship or vessel, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty shillings

for every twenty- four hours such master or other person having

charge of such ship or vessel shall neglect or refuse so to do ;

which said penalty shall and may be recovered against the master

or other person having charge or command of such ship or vessel,

before any two or more of the commissioners, or fub-commif-

sioners of excise, in their several and respective districts , who

shall and may, and are hereby authorised and required to issue 20

warrant

632 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 97. [1803.

warrant, under their hands and seals , to arrest the person of such

master or other person having the charge or command of such

thip or vessel , and to commit him or them to the gaol of the city

or county wherein such warrant shall be granted, there to remain

until the said penalty is paid : provided always, that a summons

shall be previously delivered to such master or other person

charged with such offence, or left on board the ship or vessel

whereof he shall have the charge, and that proof shall be made

of the said offence either by the confession of the party charged

therewith , or by other sufficient evidence upon oath, which oath

the commissioners and sub- commissioners in their several and

respective districts are hereby authorised to administer.

XXIII. And whereas fires frequently happen amongst shipping

lying at the several quays, or being in the docks of or belonging to the

several custom-houses in Ireland, and goods, wares, and merchandize ,

lying onJuch quays or deposited in bis Majesty'sstores, tosecure the

payment of the duties of customs and excise chargeable onfuch goods,

wares, or merchandize, are often endangered by such fires ; for re-

For prevent

ing fires in

custom-house

docks and

quays.

medy whereof be it enacted, That no master, mate, or other person having the charge of any ship, lighter, gabbard, wherry, barge,

boat, or other vessel , lying at any of the quays, or being in any

dock of or belonging to any of his Majesty's custom -houses in

Ireland, or lying contiguous to any of his Majesty's stores, shall

have or keep, or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any fire on

board such ship, lighter, gabbard, wherry, barge, boat, or other

vessel, for any use or purpose whatsoever ( except candle-light) ;

and in case any such master, mate, or other person, shall offend

herein , he shall forfeit the sum oftwenty pounds for every such

offence.

40Geo. 3.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An act for the better collecting of all duties on hides and skins

tanned and dressed in oil , and on vellum and parchment made in

Ireland, and for preventing frauds on his Majesty's revenue

therein, it is amongst other things enacted , that it shall and may be

lawful for any tanner with bark to discontinue the making or using of

any of his pits or vats in his or her tan- yard, used with bark, not

less than one- fourth of the number of such pits or vats, for any part

ofayear not less nor more than six months, in any year, provided that

the notice required by the said last recited act be given in the manner

therein directed ; and insuch case a proportionable deduction , according

to the number ofcubit feet in the pits or vatsso discontinued , for the

timefuch pits or vats should not be employed, shall be made from the

monthly charge by the said act directed to be made : and whereas it is

expedient to allow any tanner with bark to discontinue the making or

Tanners may discontinue

using a less number than one- fourth of the pits or vats in his or her

tan-yard used with bark, be it therefore enacted, That, from and

theusing of

after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and

one-eighth

of the num.

three, it shall and may be lawful for any such tanner to discon-

ber of their

tinue the working or using of any of the pits or vats in his or

pits, &c .

her tan-yard used with bark, not less than one-eighth of the number

Cr 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. 633

number of such pits or vats, for such time only as in the said act

- is mentioned, and that a deduction from the monthly charge

by the said act directed to be made shall be made in proportion

to the number of cubic feet in the pits or vats so discontinued ;

subject nevertheless to all the provisions, regulations, restrictions,

and conditions by the said last recited act directed, required , and

appointed to be observed, done, and performed by any such

tanners or other person, in respect to the discontinuing of the

using of one -fourth of the number of such pits or vats, any

thing in the said last recited act, or any other act or acts of

parliament in force in Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all tobacco which Tobacco im-

shall be imported into or exported from Ireland , under or by ported into

or exported

virtue of this act, shall be, and the same is hereby made subject from Ireland,

and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, re- subject to the

strictions , penalties, and forfeitures, to which any tobacco is and regulations to

may be subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in which tobacco

force in Ireland , on or immediately before the said fifth day of July any act in

issubject by

one thousand eight hundred and three ; and all and every pain, force before

penalty, fine, and forfeiture, for any offence whatever com- July 5, 1803.

mitted against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in

force in Ireland on and immediately before the said fifth day of

July one thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing

the revenue of customs and excise, or for the regulations or im-

provement thereof , and the several clauses, powers, and direc-

✓tions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and de-bo

clared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised,

and put in execution for and in respect of tobacco imported into

or exported from Ireland, by virtue and in pursuance of this act,

so far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample

a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all and

every the said clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains,

i penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-

✓ enacted in this present act.

XXVI. And whereas it hath been found expedient that tobacco,

being of the growth or production of any of the territories or dominions

belonging to the emperor of Russia, or of any of the territories or

dominions belonging to the Ottoman or Turkish empire , should be

permitted to be imported into Great Britain directly from the said

territories or dominions respectively, in British- built ships , owned,

navigated, and registered according to law, and should be exported

from Great Britain in like manner, and admitted to entryfor home

trade or consumption in Great Britain, upon payment of the fame

duties as tobacco of the growth or production of the United States of

America , and upon the exportation thereof from Great Britain,

after having been manufactured, should be entitled to the like draw-

backs as ifmanufactured from tobacco of the growth or production of

the United States of America : and whereas it is expedient to admit

the importation and exportation of such Russia and Turkish tobacco

into and from Ireland , upon the like terms and conditions, be it therefore

634 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97. [ 1803.

From July 5, therefore further enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of

1803, tobacco

of the growth July one thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful to

of Russia or import directly from the aforesaid territories or dominions of the

Turkeymay emperor of Russia and the Ottoman or Turkish empire, or through

be imported Great Britain respectively, in British or Irish-built ships, owned ,

intoanyenu- navigated, and registered according to law, into any port of Irt-

meratedport

in Ireland, and land , being an enumerated port for the importation and ware-

warehoused, housing of tobacco, and to enter and land, and to deposit, lodge,

and maybe or secure in any warehouse or warehouses, provided according to

exported on law for the reception of tobacco in Ireland, any tobacco being

payment of

the duties the growth or production of any or either of the aforesaid

payable on territories or dominions ; and that such tobacco may be export-

tobacco of the ed from Ireland in like manner, or entered for home trade or

United States. consumption in Ireland , on payment of the like duties as tobacco

the growth or production of the United States of America may be

exported from Ireland , or entered for home trade or consumption

in Ireland, according to the laws in force in Ireland on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three ; and the exporter of such tobacco, being the

growth or production of any or either of the aforesaid territories

ordominions, shall, upon the said tobacco being manufactured in

Ireland , and exported according to the laws in force in Ireland ,

on and immediately before the said fifth day of July one thousand

eight hundred and three, be entitled to and allowed such and the

like drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the

fame forts and descriptions of tobacco manufactured from tobacco

of the growth or production of the United States of America, and

legally exported from Ireland.

XXVII. And whereas by an act, made in the parliament ofIre-

land in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for better

regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing

of frauds therein, it is amongst other things enacted , that it shall and

may be lawful for all persons, bodies politick and corporate , in the said

act mentioned and described , to demise in manner as in the said act

ismentioned , for any term ofyears, to his Majesty, or the commissioners

of the revenue for the time being, or to such person or persons

as shall be appointed in manner in the said act mentioned , in trust

forhis Majesty, any lands not exceeding one acre, plantation measure,

with the tenements thereon, and a road thereto, without fine or other

consideration, fave only the yearly rent reserved: and whereas the

quantity of land by the said recited act authorised to be demised bas

been found not to besufficient for the purposes thereby intended ; be it

Commission- therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and

ers of reve-

every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, in and

nuemaypur- by the said act mentioned, described, and authorised, to demise ,

chase per-

fons, bodies in manner as in the said act is mentioned, and without any fine

politick, &c. or other consideration, fave only the yearly rent reserved for any

lands not ex- term of years , to his Majesty, or to the commissioners of his

ceeding the Majesty's revenue of customs and excise in Ireland , for the time

quantity herein men-

being, or to such person or persons as the said commissioners, or

tioned for

any three or more of them, shall appoint, in trust and to and for

the

th

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 97 . 635

the use of his Majesty, any land not exceeding the quantity ofbuilding

six acres, plantation measure, with the tenements thereon, lighthouses

together with such passage or road as may be necessary to such thereon, &c.

tenements, not exceeding twenty-one feet in breadth, for the

purpose of building or erecting lighthouses, watchhouses, and

other buildings, places , or accommodations for the business of

the revenue, subject nevertheless to all the provisions, regulations,

frestrictions, and conditions, in and by the said last recited act

directed , required, or appointed to be observed and performed.

XXVIII. And whereas by an act passed this session of parliament,

intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on

42Geo . 3 .

C. 22 .

licences to persons selling hats, and on hats fold by retail, in Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted, that no person licensed by the

said act to deal in hats, shall remove hats purchased by him from the

hop or warehouse of a manufacturer until he shall have furnished to

e the commissioners of stamp duties such statement in writing, and shall

have taken outfromsome one of thesaid commissfioners such permit as in

and by the said att are mentioned and directed ; and whereas it is

expedient to facilitate the granting of such permits, be it therefore

enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and Commission ..

may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of stamp duties, ers of stamp

duties may

by warrant under their hands and seals, to authorise and empower empower per-

any distributor or distributors of stamps in Ireland , or any other fons to receive

person or persons to be appointed by the said commissioners to statements,

receive the statements and to grant and issue the permits in the and issue per-

mits under

said act mentioned, subject nevertheless to such regulations, recitedact .

provisions, privileges, restrictions, conditions, penalties, and

forfeitures , and with the like means and powers for recovering

and applying such penalties and forfeitures as are in and by the

said recited act enacted in relation to the statements directed to

jbe furnished, and to the permits directed to be granted by any of

the said commissioners, under and by virtue of the said last recited

act ; and that all statements furnished to and all permits granted

by the said distributors , or other persons so appointed by the said

commissioners, under and by virtue of this act, shall be as good,

valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if such state-

ments had been furnished to, or such permits had been granted

and issued by the said commissioners of stamps, under and by

virtue of the said last recited act ; any thing in the said recited act,

or in any other act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding...

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Penalties to be

and forfeitures , by this act inflicted and created, shall be paid and recovered in

payable, and received and receivable in Irish currency, and shall Irishcurrency.

and may (in all cases where the recovery and application of the

same is not otherwise directed bythis act ) be fued for , recovered,

levied, and applied, in the like manner and form, and by the

like ways and means , and with the like powers and authorities

as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act made

in the parliament of Ireland , in the fourteenth and fifteenth years

of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

An act for the fettling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, bis

636 Anno regni quadragefumo tertio GEORGII III. c. 98. [1803. 18

bis heirs andfuccessors, according to the book ofrates therein inserted ,

or by any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of वाट

excise in Ireland , as fully and effectually to all intents and pur

poses, as if the fame were herein particularly mentioned , ex

pressed, and enacted, with like remedy of appeal for the party or

parties who small think himself , herself , or themselves aggrieved

or injured, as in and by the said last mentioned act, or any other

act as aforesaid is provided.

Continuance

of the act .

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this act, and all the

provisions therein contained, shall continue and be in force until

and upon the twenty- ninth day of September one thousand eight

hundred and four.

2

САР. XCVIII.

An act to amend the acts, now in force, forfecuring the collection of

the revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trade of a distiller,

in Ireland. [ July 27, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further regulations for the

better collection of his Majesty's ' s revenue on malt in Ireland;

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual andtem-

poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled , and

Maltsters tobe by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of

chargedac- this act, every maltster or maker of malt for sale, and every

cordingto the

area of their brewer and distiller making malt, in Ireland , shall, between

drying floors. the twenty-ninth day of September in every year, and the

twenty- ninth day of September following, be charged with and

pay duty of excise for a quantity of malt , after the rate of

twenty-four barrels for every one hundred feet square of working

or drying floor or floors which each malthouse, for which he or

she hall have taken out such licence as is by law required, shall

contain, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity, and for as

Mode offur- much more malt as such maltster or maker of malt, brewer, or

charge incafe distiller , shall make within the said period; and if such maltster

ofdeficience, or maker of malt, brewer, or distiller, shall not, within the time

aforesaid , have been actually charged with duty for so much malt

as shall be equal to the whole quantity of malt according to the

rate aforesaid, for which such maltster or maker of malt , brewer ,

or distiller shall be so chargeable, then and in such case the pro-

per officer of excise shall, within ten days next after the twenty-

ninth day of September in every year, make a return to the

collector of the district, of so much and such quantity of mall ,

and of the duties thereon , as, with the quantity for which such

maltster or maker of malt, brewer, or distiller, shall have been

charged with duty during the fame period, thall amount to the

full quantities for which such maltster or maker of malt, brewer,

or distiller, during the said period, ought by law to be charged

with duty in respect of his or her several working or drying

floors after the rate aforesaid ; and such return shall be a charge

on such maltster or maker of malt, brewer, or distiller, in the fame

manner as any return of malt made by any maltiter or makerof

malt ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 98. 637

malt, brewer, or distiller , is now by law made a charge; and

Levery such maltster or maker of malt, brewer, or distiller , shall be

deemed to have made the quantities of malt expressed in such re-

turn , in the month for which such return shall be made, and shall

pay the duties appearing by such return to have been incurred

and become due, at such time as by law any maltster is required

to pay the duties comprised in any return of malt made by him or

her, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds ,

together with a sum equal to double the amount of the duties

which shall be so returned.

II . Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Commission-

act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent ducethe

ers may re-

the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise in Ire- quantity , as

land from reducing the quantity of malt for which such maltster under

or maker of malt, brewer or distiller, is to be charged or may be 40 Geo. 3-

chargeable with duty within the year, to such quantity and in C. 57.

such manner as the said commissioners are empowered and

authorised to reduce the fame, in and by an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's

reign , intituled, An act to amend and continue an act passed in the

thirty- Seventh year of his Majesty's reign, for collecting andfecuring

bis Majesty's revenue upon malt, subject to the regulations and

provisions in the said act of the fortieth year aforesaid contained ;

any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

III. And, for the further and better preventing offrauds by the

pressing of malt in the cistern, uting vat, or couchframe, be it further

enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer Excise officers

or officers of excise in Ireland, by themselves, or by any person maytake

malt out of

or persons by them employed for that purpose, in the presence of the couch,

any maltster or maker of malt, or his, her, or their servant (if such and lay it on

maltster or servant shall think fit to be present at such operation) , the floor .

to throw or remove all corn or grain making into malt from or

out of any couch frame, and to lay the fame level ; and if any

increase shall be found in the gauge or quantity of such corn or

grain on the removal and laying the fame level as aforesaid, exceeding the rate of one bushel in every twenty bushels, over and

- above the quantity which the fame appeared to be by the previous

gauge thereof taken in the couch frame or cistern, then and in

every such cafe, proof being made of such increase as aforesaid,

such maltster or maker of malt shall forfeit and lose the fum of

✓ five Chillings for each and everybushel of such corn or grain

contained in any such couch frame.

IV. And be it further enacted , That no brewer or distiller Malt not to be

who shall make malt, nor any maltster or maker of malt, who mixed.

thall fell or keep for sale malt not made by himself or herself,

shall mix or cause to be mixed any malt made by him or her

with any malt made by any other person; and that every such

brewer , distiller, maltster or maker of malt, shall keep all malt

made by him or her in stores or rooms separate and distinct from

the stores or rooms in which he or the thall keep any malt made

by any other person ; and that every such brewer , distiller , inait

fter ,

1

638 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 98. [1803. 180

ster, or maker of malt, in whose stores any malt made by him or

her shall be found mixed with any malt made by any other person,

or not kept in separate and distinct stores or rooms, shall, for every

time such malt shall be so found , forfeit the sum oftwenty pounds.f

42Geo . 3.

C. 83. f. 3 .

V. And whereas, by an alt made in the forty- second year of bis

present Majesty's reign, for the purpose (among other things) for

securing the duties payable on licences to persons in Ireland, not

being maltsters or makers of malt, felling malt by commission or other-

wife , it is amongst other things enacted , that every person , not being a

maltster or maker of malt, felling malt by commission or otherwise, shall

take outfuch licence as in the said act is mentioned, before he, she, or

Maltsters not

they shallfell or keepforfale any malt; be it enacted, That nothing

tofell maltbut in the said recited act, or in any other act or acts of the parlia

of their own

making.

ment of Ireland, or of the united kingdom, shall extend to e

permit any maltster or maker of malt in Ireland to fell , by commission or otherwise, any malt not actually made by such maltster

or maker of malt, without having first taken out such licence as

is required by law to be taken out for that purpose by persons

not being maltsters or makers of malt.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to make further provisions for the

ascertaining from time to time of the stock ofspirits in the stores or

possession of distillers and other persons, be it therefore enacted,

Forafcertain- That in every cafe where the stock of spirits in the stores or

ing the stock possession of any distiller, factor, or other person dealing in or

of distillers .

storing spirits shall be less than the quantity of spirits which, by

the stock account kept by the officer of excise of the spirits of

such distiller, factor, or other person or persons, he, she, or they

ought to have in his, her, or their stores or possession, every such

distiller, factor, or other person or persons, for every time such

decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for

every gallon of spirits which shall be deficient of the quantity

which, by the stock book or account of stock kept by such

officer, such distiller, factor, or other person or persons as aforesaid, ought to have in his, her, or their stores or possession .

VII. And whereas the laws for the recovery ofpenalties heretofore

imposed on townlands or places wherein any unlicensed still or other

utensil for distillingspirits may be seised have been found insufficient ;

On feifure of

for remedy whereof ,be it enacted, That from and after the passing

anunlicensed still , the penalty tobe

of this act, where any still or other utensil for distilling spirits

not licensed pursuant to law shall be seised, the sum of twenty

recovered

pounds shall be recovered as herein- after mentioned ; that is to

against the

fay, if such still or other utensil for distilling spirits shall be seised

parith.

in any county of a city or county of a town, or the liberties

thereunto respectively belonging, then the said fum of twenty

pounds shall be recovered from the inhabitants of the parish or

part of a parish or union, or extra parochial place in such county

ofa city or county of a town in which such still or other utensil

shall be seised ; and if such still or other utensil shall be seised

in any county at large, then the said sum of twenty pounds

shall be recovered from the inhabitants of the town or town-

land in such county at large in which such still or other

utensil shall be seised; and if such still or other utensil shall be seised

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. c. 98. 639

feised on the mearings or borders of any county town, town-

land, parish, or extra parochial place, then the said fum of twenty .

pounds shall be recovered from the inhabitants of any or either

of the counties, cities, towns, townlands, parishes, or extra paro-

chial places on the mearings or borders of which such still or other

utensil shall be seised ; and every such sum , when recovered, shall Application afterpayment

(after deducting out of the whole thereof the costs ofrecovering of cobay

the fame) be paid and applied as herein-after mentioned ; that is

to say , one moiety of such sum as shall be recovered on account

of any still or other utensil seised in the county of the city of

Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or the county of

Dublin, to the treasurer of the house of industry in Dublin, for

the use of the said house ; and one moiety of such sum as shall be

recovered on account of any still or other utensil seised in any

other part of Ireland, to the treasurer of the public infirmary or

hospital for the county , against the inhabitants of any place

within which county such penalty shall have been recovered, for

the use of such infirmary or hospital; and the other moiety of

such fum , in all cafes, to the person who shall have seised such

still or other utensil : provided always, that such still or other

utensil hall have been condemned on an information in the ex-

cife office of the district in which the same shall have been or

shall be seised , or if seised on the nearings or borders of two or

more districts, then in the excise office of one or other of the said

-districts : and provided also, that in cafes where there shall have

been any claim for such still or other utensil, the time for appeal-

ing from any judgement of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners condemning such still shall have elapsed, or in cafe an

appeal shall have been brought, the sentence of condemnation

shall have been affirmed before any proceedings shall be had for

the recovery of any such sum .

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners Certificate of

or fub-commissioners of the district who shall have tried such condemna-

information shall give acertificate of the feifure and condemna- tion, accord-

ing to to sche-

tion of such still or other utensil, according to the form in the dule ( A ).

schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A) , or in any other form

sufficient in law , as the respective cases may require ; and such

certificate shall be sufficient evidence to entitle any person who

shall fue for the said sum of twenty pounds, by civil bill in

manner herein- after mentioned, to recover the fame pursuant to

this act ; and such person so suing shall thereupon obtain a decree

for the fame, with costs of suit, as in other cafes of action by

civil bill : provided always, that no such certificate shall be Certificates

granted, unless it shall have been proved, on the hearing or trial not to be granted but

of the information on which such condemation was had, that on certain

eight days previous to such hearing or trial , notice of the time evidence:

and place of such hearing or trial was posted on the church of

the parish or union, against the inhabitants of which such information has been filed , or was left at the dwelling houses of two

inhabitants, or if there shall not be two inhabitants, then of one

finhabitant of the townland or place , not being revenue officers , Зодогчтой

which

640. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 98. [1803 .

which notice shall be according to the form in the schedule here-

unto annexed, marked (B) , or in any other form sufficient in

law, as the respective cases may require ; and the chief commif-

fioners or fub- commissioners respectively, who shall hear or try

such information, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised

and empowered to cause any person or persons to be sworn to

give true evidence on such hearing or trial ; and if it shall appear

that any fraud or collufion was practised for unfairly subjecting

the inhabitants of any parish or union, part of a parish or union,

extra parochial or other place, or of any town or townland, to

the sum by this act to be recovered for such still or other utensil,

then and in such cafe no such certificate shall be given .

Nor where in-

IX. And be it enacted, That no such certificate shall be given,

formation is

if it shall appear that such still or other utensil was seised on the

given by any inhabitants of

information of any inhabitant of the parish or union, part of a

theplanof

parish or union, extra parochial or other place, in which or on

seisure.

the borders or mearings of which the same shall have been seised .

Fines maybe

X. And be it further enacted, That every such sum shall be

recovered by

sued for and recovered in the name of such person as shall sue for

civilbill ;

the fame by civil bill, before the assistant barrister at any general

২

sessions or general quarter sessions of the peace for the county

within which such still or other utensil for distilling spirits shall

have been seised, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or

chairman of the seffions of the peace for the county of Dublin , as

to all stills so seised within the said city and county respectively ;

and every such civil bill shall be according to the form in the

schedule hereunto annexed, marked ( C) , or in any other form

sufficient in law, as the respective cases shall require, and shall be

brought against any three inhabitants of or occupiers of land in

the parish or union, extra parochial or other place or townland,

in which such still or other utensil shall have been seised ; and

where there shall not be three inhabitants in any such townland, S

then such civil bill shall and may be brought against two inhabi-

tants, or one inhabitant, of such townland, as the case may be.

which may be

dismissed in

cafe collufion

appears.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may

be lawful for such assistant barrister , recorder or chairman,

respectively, to dismiss such civil bill, if it shall appear to such

afsistant barrister , recorder, or chairman, that any fraud or collu-

sion was practised by the person who seised such still, or by any

other person or persons, for the purpose of subjecting the inhabi-

tants or occupiers of land, or any inhabitant or occupier of land

in the parish or union, extra parochial or other place, or town or

townland, to the said penalty , the said certificate of the said fub-

commissioners, or any thing in this act contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding: provided also, that no appeal

shall be brought from any decree on any such civil bill, unless

the same shall be brought within the respective times limited or

to be limited by law for appeals against decrees on civil bills in

other cafes.

So much of

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act,

hereby altered made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present

C

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 98. 641

present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for regulating the trade shall be re-

of a distiller, and forfecuring the duties payable on home-madespirits, pealed , and

whatrelates

as is hereby varied and altered, shall be and the same is hereby to the levying

repealed ; and that so much of the said act as relates to the the fum paid

rebes

collecting and levying the sum paid by an anydefer defendant in such by defendant

civil bill, on the inhabitants or landholders of the parish or other in civilbill on

the inhabi-

antis place in which such still shall be seised , and to the reimbursing such tants, extend-

inhabitants or landholders, shall be applied in the execution of ed to this act.

this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if

the fame. had been repeated and re-enacted in this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, For the re-

tere penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall be paid and covery of

payable in Irish currency, other than and except such as by this penalties.

act are otherwise provided for, shall and maybe fued for, re-

covered, and levied, in such manner and form, and by such ways

and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are pre-

scribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of the parlia-

Tment of Ireland , made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his

Jate Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the fettling

the excise, or new impost , upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors,

according to the book ofrates therein inserted , as fully and effectually

to all intents , constructions, and purposes, as ifthe fame were par-

choticularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with the

like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall

think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved or injured, as in and

by the said act is provided.

qui

e

er

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers .

SCHEDULE (Α. )

Form of CERTIFICATE af the Seifure and Condemnation of

an

unlicensed Still.

District of the

WE whose names are hereunto subscribed,

Excise Office

of

being chief or fub-commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, within the district

of the excise office of

that on the day of

aforesaid, do hereby certify,

a still [or other

utensil, as the cafe may be] for the distilling of spirits, and which

said still [or utensil] was not licensed pursuant to the statute in

that cafe made and provided, was seised in

[ here

State the city, town, parish, or townland ; orfay, on the mearings or

borders, as the cafe may be] in the county of

within

the jurisdiction of the excise office aforesaid, and that the fame

was seised by being an officer of excise [or

a licensed distiller, or a justice of the peace, or peace officer , as

the cafe may be], and that the said still [or utensil] was on the

day of

on the hearing and trial of

VOL. XLIV . TT an

642 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 98. [1803 .

an information exhibited in the excise office of the district aforesaid , condemned by us pursuant to law. [ If the still or utensil is

not claimed, add, And we further certify, that the said still or

utensil was not claimed by any person or persons whatsoever. ]

[If claimed, and no appeal from the judgement of condemnation, Jay,

And we further certify , that the said still or utensil was claimed

by and that an appeal from the said judgement

of condemnation has not been lodged within the time prescribed

by law. [ If appeal brought, andjudgement of condemnation affirmed ,

fay , And we further certify , that the said still or utensil was

claimedby and that an appeal was brought

against the said condemnation, and the judgement of condemna-

tion has been affirmed). Witness our hands, this

day of one thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE ( B. )

Form of NOTICE of TRIAL of an Information against an

unlicensed still: to be posted on the Parish Church, or to

be left at the dwelling- houses of two inhabitants of the

parish or place in or on the mearings or borders of

which the still was seised.

District of the

YOU are hereby to take notice, that on the

Excise Office

day of

one thousand

of

eight hundred and

at the hour

of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, the chief commissioners

[or fub-commissioners) of his Majesty's revenue of excise for the

district of

have appointed to hear and examine all

parties , upon an information entered in the excise office of the

said district , against one still or utensil for distilling of spirits,

feised on the day of by

an officer of excise in his Majesty's revenue [or, a licensed dif-

tiller , or , one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or , a peace

officer , as the cafe may be] in [or, on the mearings or borders of ]

the townland of or at in [or , on the

mearings or borders of ) the parith of

[ as the cafe

may be] in the county of and to give judgement

thereupon according to law; and you are hereby required to appear in person at the office aforesaid ; otherwise the said commif-

fioners [or fub -commissioners] will proceed as if you were present,

as by law in that case is directed and appointed. Dated this

day of one thousand eight hundred and

To the Inhabitants of the Townland of

[or , parish of ] in the county of

[ or , if notice be left at the dwelling-houses

of two inhabitants to

and

inhabitants of the townland of

or parish

of in the county of

1

SCHEDULE

8

8

২

R

১

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c . 98. 1

SCHEDULE ( C. )

County of

[ or, city, town, or place]

Division of

to wit.

BY the assistant barrister [or recorder ,

or chairman, as the cafe may be] at

the sessions for the said county , [city,

town, or place] .

A. B. of

in the

The defendants

county of

anofficer

are hereby required

of excise in his Majesty's revenue, [or , as

personally to ap-

the cafe may be] who sues in this behalf , as

pear before the said

well for the use of the publick infirmary or

atsistant barrifter

hospital [or house of industry) for the

[or recorder, or

county [or city] of

chairman] at

as for himself , on

plaintiff C. D. of the day

in the said county of of to

[bere insert the trade or occupation of the de- answer the bill of

fendant] E. F. of the plaintiff who

in the said county of sues in this behalf ,

and G. H. of in the as well for the use

faidcounty of which of the publick in-

e of the townland of said C. D. E. F. and G. H. are inhabitants

firmary or hospital

[or house of in-

in the said county of

dustry] for the

defendants.

Jcounty [ or city] of

aforesaid, as for himself , for the fum of

twenty pounds sterling, of lawful money of Ireland, which they

the said defendants owe and unjustly detain. For this, that on

the day of

in the

year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and

at

in the townland of

in the parish of and in the

county of [or, on the mearings or borders

respectively, as the cafe may be aforesaid, he the said A. B. being

then and there one of the officers of his Majesty's revenue of

excise in Ireland [or licensed distiller , justice of the peace, or

peace officer, as the cafe may be] , then and there did seise a certain

till [or other utensil for distilling spirits ] , the said still [or other

utensil ] so then and there seised by the said A. B. not being

licensed pursuant to the statute in that cafe made and provided ;

which said still [or other utensil] for distilling spirits, afterwards,

towit , on the day of

of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and

in the year

was

condemned pursuant to law, on the hearing and trial of an in-

formation before the commissioners [or fub-commissioners ] of

his Majesty's revenue of excise, within the district of the excise

officeof

; and the said commissioners [or fub-

commissioners ] did give a certificate , setting forth, that on the

day of

TT2

in the year of our Lord one thousand

643

644 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C.99. [1803.

thousand eight hundred and a still [ or other utensil]

for distilling of spirits was seised at in the

townland of in the parish of

in the county of [ or , on the mearings or bor-

ders respectively, as the cafe may be] , and that the same was

seised by an officer of excise of his Majesty's

revenue [or licensed distiller, or justice of the peace , or peace of-

ficer, as the cafe may be] , and that the said still [or other utensil ]

was on the day of condemned

by them the said commissioners [or sub- commissioners] pursuant

to law, and that the said still [or other utensil ] was not claimed

by any person or persons whatsoever ; [if claimed and appeal

brought, fay, that the said still [or other utensil ] was claimed by

and that an appeal was brought against the

said condemnation, and the said sentence of condemnation has

been affirmed [if no appeal , fay, and that the said still [or other

utensil ] was claimed by and that no appeal has

been brought against the said condemnation within the time

prescribed by law] , by reason of which said premises, and by

force of the statutes in such case made and provided, an action

accrued to the said publick infirmary or hospital [or house of in-

dustry] for the county of and to the plaintiff the

said A. B. who prosecutes in this behalf as well for the said

publick infirmary or hospital [or house of industry] as for him-

self , to demand and have from the said defendants or inhabitants

of the towland aforesaid, in [or on the borders of ] , which the

said still [or other utensil ], not licensed , was seised by the said

A. B. as aforesaid, the fum oftwenty pounds sterling of lawful

money of Ireland; or, in default of the said defendants' appearing,

the said assistant barrister, recorder, or chairman, will proceed as

to justice will appertain. Dated this

day of

one thousand eight hundred and ( Signed)

CA P. XCIX.

An act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any aft

or acts relating to the duties under the management of the commif-

fioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the same.-

[ July 27, 1803. ]

WHEREAS HEREAS it is expedient that certain of the provisions and

powers contained in any acts in relation to the duties on win-

dows or lights, on inhabited houses, on servants, carriages , horses,

mules, and dogs, and other the duties lately transferred to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, should be reduced into one act of

parliament, and amended in the particulars herein mentioned ; be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

All duties

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho .

now under the rity of the fame, That all the said duties now under the manage-

management ment

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 645

T

ment of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, (except the of the commonies arising from the aid granted to his Majesty by a land- missioners for

the affairs of

tax , by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his taxes to be

present Majesty), so far as the same relate to England , Wales, levied under

and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall, from and after the time herein- the regulations of this

after mentioned for the commencement of this act , be affefsed, act , except

raised, levied, and paid, under the regulations thereof.

theland - tax.

II. And be it further enacted, That this act, with respect to Act to com-

Σ

the duties before mentioned, shall commence and take effect mence from

from and after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hun-April 5, 1804.

dred and four. with respect to

32

III . And whereas new or other duties may hereafter beplaced under duties.

thepresent

the management of the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, to Andwith re-

be afsessed under the regulations of this act; be it further enacted, spect to any

That this act, with respect to the said last-mentioned duties, newduties, to

shall be construed to take effect from and after the times respec- take effect

from the time

tively appointed by the act or acts granting such duties , for the appointed by

commencement of the same.

theacts grant-

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall act as ing such

a commissioner in the execution of any act or acts before men-

duties .

tioned, unless such person shall be duly qualified as required by Commissioners not to act,

an act , passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his pre- unless quali-

fent Majesty, intituled, An alt to alter and amend so much of an fied as com-

act, passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An att for missioners of

granting an aid to his Majesty by a land - tax to be raised in Great the land tax.

Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety- eight, as relates to the qualification ofcommissioners : provided

always, that in respect of the cities , liberties, and places herein-

after mentioned, the commissioners acting within the fame for

the duties before mentioned shall be qualified as by this act is Qualification

directed: provided also, that no qualification shall be required ofcommif-

fioners for the

for any commissioner acting for the said duties before mentioned counties in

in any other county in Wales than is required for the commif- Wales.

sioners acting in the counties of Wales mentioned in the said Commission-

last recited act : provided also, that no person shall presume to ers to take the

act as such commissioner without taking the oaths herein men- oaths required

tioned ; and if any person shall, from and after the time ap- by this act .

pointed for the commencement of the regulations of the said acts Penalty for

acting as a

✓ before mentioned, or any of them, presume to act as such com- commifsioner

missioner, without having taken the oaths hereby prescribed in without hav-

the manner required by this act, or without being qualified as ing taken the

before mentioned , he shall forfeit the fum oftwo hundred pounds. pathified .

or being

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be ca- Commission-

pable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of any act or ers to take

facts before mentioned , unless he shall have first taken the oaths oath by

appointed by the act , made in the first year of the reign of his 1 Geo. 1 .

late majesty King George the First, intituled, An attfor the fur-

ther security of his Majesty's person and government, and the fuccef-

fion of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being pro-

stants, and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Prince of

Wales, and his open andfecret abetters.

VI. And

646 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803.

Commission- VI. And be it further enacted, That every such commissioner,

ers not to act before he shall execute the office of such commissioner, except

before they in administering the oath herein- after mentioned to any other

have taken the

oath in sche-

of the said commissioners , shall take and is hereby required to

dule ( A.),

take the oath expressed in the schedule (marked A.), to this act

except in

annexed, which oath any one of the persons so appointed as

administering commissioners is hereby authorised to administer, although the

the fame.

said person administering the same hath not himself previously

Oaths tobe subscribedby

taken the said oath ; and which oath so taken shall be subscribed

the parties,

by the party taking the fame, and the names of all the persons

and names to

so subscribing shall forthwith be transmitted to the office of the

be sent to the

commissioners for the affairs of taxes at Somerset House in the

taxoffice.

county of Middlesex, by the clerks of the commissioners respec-

Ifany commissioners

tively , wherever such oaths shall be administered: provided

always , that where any one or more of the persons so appointed

whoshall have

takenthe

commissioners, acting for any district, thall have qualified himself

oaths are pre- or themselves to act, by taking the oaths mentioned in this act,

sent , the oath and such one or more of them shall be present at any meeting of

shall notbe ad- such commissioners in the fame district , then and in such cafe the

ministered but said oath shall not be administered to any other commissioner in

byone of such commission- the same district, but by a commissioner or commissioners present

ers.

at such meeting, who shall have previously taken the said oath .

Qualification VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

of commif- person shall be capable of acting as such commissioner within the

fioners in the

cities ofLon- city of London, and liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, nor within

don, West-

the city and liberty of Westminster, nor in or for any other parish

minster, the

or place, any part whereof shall be situate within the bills of

bills of mor-

mortality, or the parishes of Saint Mary le Bonne or Saint Pancras

tality, and parishes of

in the county of Middlesex, unless such person shall be possessed

St. Mary le

of lands, tenements, or personal estates , or of both together, to

Bonne and St.

the amount or value of five thousand pounds at least , after the

Pancras in

Middlesex,

payment of all his debts, any thing herein contained to the con-

50001.

trary notwithstanding ; which qualification they shall swear to

previous to their acting as aforesaid, according to the form fol-

lowing ; (that is to say),

Oath. A. B. do swear, [or affirm, as the cafe may require] , that

Itruly and bonafide Ihave chatte , finge

cifying the fame], of the clear value of five thousand pounds, over

and above what will satisfy and discharge all my debts .

So help me GOD.'

nor unless he shall be an inhabitant of the district for which he

Commission shall act as a commissioner ; and if any person shall presume to

erswithin the act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the

limits must be powers herein contained, within the city of London, and liberty

inhabitants of of Saint Martin le Grand, or within the city and liberty of West-

the district for minster , or in or for any parish or place, any part whereof shall be

which they

act; situate within any other part of the bills of mortality, or in or

for the parish of Saint Maryle Bonne, or Saint Pancras, before he

small have taken such oath as herein is directed, or without being

actingwithout qualified as herein is required, or without being an inhabitant

being quali- in

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 99. 647

in the same district for which he shall act as a commissioner, he fied, or being

shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of two hundred an inhabitant

of the district,

pounds; which oath shall be subscribed by the party taking the to forfeit 2001 .

fame , and their names transmitted to the office for taxes .

VIII . And be it further enacted, That in case of any contro- Commission-

versy arising between such commissioners, in any matter or thing ers concerned

concerned

touching the execution of any act before mentioned, in which own right or

any commissioner or commissioners shall be interested in his or as agents, &c.

their own right, or concerned in the controversy in the right of to have no

voice in con-

any person for whom they shall act as steward, agent, attorney, troverfies, but

or solicitor, the commissioner or commissioners so interested or to withdraw.

concerned shall have no voice, but shall withdraw during the

debate of such controversy, until it shall have been determined

1. by the rest of the commissioners, on pain that every commis- Penalty sol .

fioner who shall so act in any matter or thing in which he or

✓ they is or are interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall forfeit

ال

and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such commissioners as Commission-

1

shall be duly qualified to act in the execution of the acts before ers to meet

annuallyon or

mentioned, in order to the speedy execution thereof , shall in the before the

arespective hundreds, laths, wapentakes , rapes, wards, or other 10th of April.

districts, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns , and places, in

the several counties, ridings, and divisions , for which they are or

shall be appointed to be commissioners, meet together yearly and

every year, at the most usual or common place of meeting

within such districts, cities , boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and

places respectively , on or before the tenth day of April yearly ; Two commif-

✓ and any two or more of them shall hold such meeting or anyfioners fuffi-

other meeting of commissioners authorised by this act or the acts cient to hold

before mentioned, and shall be competent to do any act , mat- meetings, and

ter, or thing, thereby required to be done by such commissioners ; competent to

doany act.

and such commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present Commission-

at the first meeting to be holden in every year, or the major part ers present to

of them having qualified themselves by taking or having taken elect a clerk,

the oaths in manner herein directed, shall elect one fit and fuf- and, if necef-

ficient person, to be their clerk , and one other fit and fuffi - fary, an affif-

cient person, if the said commissioners shall deem it necessary, tant.

to be his assistant , for all the afsessments to be made of the seve-

ral duties with which the said commissioners shall be charged

within their respective limits, for one year ; and which person so Person fo

قیرط

elected shall, by virtue of such election, be the sole clerk to such elected to be

clerk for all

commissioners, for all the said assessments to be made by them the affeff-

for such year, and which clerk shall not be removeable from his ments for one

ah said office during the year for which he shall be appointed

as year, and not

aforesaid, except for just cause , and at a meeting of the com- to be remov-

dl

able except for

missioners for that purpose duly summoned by notice in writing, just cause, and

signed by two or more of such commissioners, and left at the at a special

al

usual place of abode of each and every of the commissioners who meeting.

shall have qualified as aforesaid, in and for such district, city,

borough, cinque port, town, or place, and by the major part of

✓ the commissioners present at such meeting ; and such commif-

Commission-

fioners ersat their first

648 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGIIIII. C. 99. [ 1803.

meeting to fioners shall also, at such their first meeting, direct their several

issue precepts and joint precept or precepts to such inhabitants of each parith,

to persons to

be assessorss, ward, or place, and such number of them as they in their dif-

who are to ap- cretion shall think most convenient, to be presenters and assessorss

pearwithin

for such parith, ward, or place, requiring them to appear be-

10days.

fore the commissioners at such place and at such time , not ex-

Commission.

ceeding ten days after the date of their precepts, as they shall

ers atthe fe

appoint; and at such their appearances the commissioners, or fo

condmeeting

many of them as shall meet at such their second meeting , shall

to appoint at

appoint such of the said inhabitants as they shall think proper to

feffors and

be the assessorss for such parish or place of the several duties with

give them instructions .

which the said commissioners shall be charged as aforesaid, for

one year ; and at the same time shall openly read or cause to be

read unto them the several duties for which they are to be appointed assessorss, and openly declare the effect of their charge

unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and should

make their certificate and assessments of the said several duties ;

and shall then and there appoint another day, within the time

Assessors to

hereinafter limited, for the said persons to appear before the said

bring in affeff-

commissioners, and bring in their certificates of afsessments of

ments onoath.

the several duties in writing under their hands, which shall he

Assessor to

verified upon their oaths or solemn affirmations, and not other-

bring all per-

fons liable to

wife ; which said assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and re-

the duties

quired, with all care and diligence, to charge and assess them-

into charge,

selves, and all other persons chargeable with the said duties so

under a pe-

given to them in charge , and to make their assesiments accord-

nalty not ex.

ceeding 207.

ing to the provisions of the laws then in force, upon pain of

nor less than

forfeiture of any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less

51 .

than five pounds ; and at the time and place so as aforesaid pre-

Assessor to

fixed for their appearance, such assessors shall return the names

return names

of two or more able and sufficient persons, within the bounds

of persons to

be collectors .

or limits of those parishes or places for which they shall be

aflessors respectively, to the said commissioners, to be by them

appointed collectors of the several duties to be raised and afsessed

Oaths to be

aken byaf-

feffors .

by them as such commissioners .

X. And be it further enacted, That every person to be appointed such assessors , shall , before he shall take upon him the

execution of the said employment, take the oaths mentioned and

required to be taken by an act, made in the parliament held in

the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary,

intituled , An altfor abrogating the oaths ofallegiance andfupremacy ,

and appointing other oaths ; or, being one of the people called

Quakers, may make and subscribe the declaration of fidelity pre-

scribed by an act, made in the first year of the reign of King

William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for exempting their

Majesty's protestantfubjects, dissenting from the church of England,

from the penalties of certain laws ; which oaths or affirmations

any one or more of the commissioners by whom such assessors

shall be appointed, who shall themselves have taken the oaths

Commission- required by this act to be taken by commissioners, have hereby

ers empowe ered to ad-

power and are hereby required to administer, as also all and

every

1 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 649

every such other oaths or affirmations as are by this act , or any minister oaths

act or acts relating to duties to be assessed under the regulations under this

act.

of this act, required or allowed to be taken before such commissioners, by any officer or person whatever , in any matter or

thing touching the execution of this act, or any act or acts grant-

ing the said duties as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every person to be ap- Assessor not

pointed such assessors, shall and he is hereby required also to take to actbefore

iz

the oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, to make they have

and subscribe the solemn affirmation, before the commissioners oath in fche-

for executing this act, in the form set forth in the schedule to dule (B. )

this act annexed, ( marked B. ) ; and ifany person to be appointed

assessors as aforesaid shall presume to act in the office or employ-

ada

2

13

ment of an assessors , before he shall have taken the said oath or

affirmation , (as the case shall require), he shall forfeit and pay Penalty of

for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds . 501 .

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases the assessorss Assessor to

so to be appointed as aforesaid shall from time to time make and deliver affeff-

deliver in writing their certificates of afsesiments of all the duties ments on or

given to them in charge as aforesaid, unto the respective com-

before June 5.

missioners, or any two or more of them, on or before the fifth

day of June yearly, or as soon after as conveniently can be done ; Commission-

and the commissioners to whom such affefsments hall be fo de- ers to sign the

livered, or any two or more of them, shall forthwith fet their assessment,

and the clerk

hands to the said respective assessments, testifying their allowance to make out

of the fame ; and the said commissioners, or any two or more three dupli-

of them, are hereby required to sign and seal three duplicates ofcates.

روک

the said affefsments to be prepared by their clerk, and forthwith Commissioners to appoint

to nominate and appoint two of the persons named or presented collectors,

in each of such afssessments to be collectors, or any other two and to deliver

such persons as such commissioners are hereby authorised to ap- to them one

point, for the respective divisions and places for which collectors of the dupli-

thall be so presented, and to deliver or cause to be delivered one cates, with

warrants for

of the said duplicates of such assessments so by the said commif- collecting the

fioners allowed, together with warrants under the hands andfame.

seals of two or more of the said commissioners for collecting the

fame, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors ; and one other of the said duplicates to the surveyor ofAnother of

the duplicates

the district for the time being ; and the third of the said duplicates tobe delivered

to be kept by such clerk for the use of the said commissioners ; to the survey-

and the said collectors are hereby enjoined and required to make or, and the

demand of the several fums contained in such duplicates, from third to be

the parties charged therewith, or at the places of their last abode, kept for the

commission-

or on the premises charged with the assessment, as the cafe may ers .

require, within ten days after the said duties shall respectively Collectors to

become payable, next after such assessments shall have been de- demandduties

livered to them; and upon payment thereof to give acquittances within ten

under their hands, ( without taking any thing for such acquit- days after they

are due ;tances, the stamp-duty for the fame excepted), unto the several and to give

persons who shall pay the same; and that such acquittances shall acquittances.

be

650 18

Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 99. [ 1803.

be full and perfect discharges to every such person who shall pay

per

the fame, against his Majesty, his heirs and successors .

Collectors to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such persons as shall ch

give security. be presented to the said commissioners as before directed to be

に

collectors, shall, if required so to do, give good and sufficient se-

500

curity to any two or more of such commissioners equal to the be a

amount of the whole duty, and fum and fums of money assessede

in, and to be collected in each district or place as aforesaid, by

such collectors respectively, for their duly paying such monies

100

assessed as aforesaid, as shall come to their hands, and for their

duly demanding the sums assessed of the respective persons from

whom the same are payable ; and in case of non-payment thereof ,

X

their duly enforcing the powers of this act against such who

make default, which security the said commissioners, or any two

or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to take,

by a joint and several bond, with two sureties at the least, to and

in the names of any two or more of such commissioners, in such

penal sum as aforesaid, and with a condition thereto to the effect

before mentioned ; and on failure of the persons so first named

or appointed to be collectors giving such security, if required,

the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be at

liberty and are hereby authorised to appoint any other sufficient

persons, who can give such security as aforesaid, residing within

the limit of the fame district or place, to be collectors of the said

duties respectively ; and every such bond given by way of such

security as aforesaid shall be prosecuted by such commissioners

on any failure or default of the said collector or collectors : provided always , that no such bond shall be put in suit against any

surety or sureties for any deficiency other than what shall remain

unsatisfied after sale of the lands, tenements, goods, and chattels

of such collector or collectors , in pursuance and by virtue of the

directions and powers given to the respective commissioners by

this act: provided also, that such bond shall not be subject to

any stamp-duty whatever: provided always, that if no persons

can be found within the limits of such districts or places respectively, who are willing or able to give such security, then and in

such case the persons who were first presented to the respective

commissioners as before directed shall be collectors of the monies

assessed as aforesaid, within the limits of such districts or places

Churchwar- respectively.

XIV . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

dens, &c. or two or more of the inhabitants of the district or place for which

inhabitants of

parishes may a collector or collectors may be named as aforesaid, being re-

require secu- spectively charged to any of the said duties to be assessed under

ritytobe the regulations of this act, or the churchwardens or overseers,

taken from collectors,

or guardians of the poor of any description, or any two or more

andnameper- of them, or the select vestry, or any seven or more of them,

fons willing to where a select vestry shall be authorised to act for any parish or

give such fe- place, shall require security to be taken of the collector or col-

curity. lectors to be appointed for the parish or place on behalf of which

such application shall be made, and shall name a fit and proper person

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99 . 651

person or persons to be a collector or collectors who respectively

are willingly to give such security, it shall not be lawful for

uch commissioners to appoint collectors for such duties, or any

of them, until such security be given; and if the person or per- Inwhich cafe

ons returned to the said commissioners according to this act to shall be ap-

no collectors

be a collector or collectors, shall not have given or shall not pointeduntil

give such security , then it shall be lawful for such commissioners to security be

appoint such persons, and no others, who shall have been named given.

to them by the persons respectively before mentioned, as fit and

proper persons to be collectors, and who will give such security

as shall be required.

XV. And be it further enacted, That within the bills of mor- Within the

tality, the parishes of Saint Mary le Bonne and Saint Pancras in bills ofmor-

the county of Middlesex, the appointment of the collectors of tality , Saint

Mary le bonne

such duties as aforesaid shall belong wholly to such of the com- and Pancras,

missioners for executing this act, who shall reside in the wards the appoint-

or parishes for which such collectors respectively are to be apment of col

pointed, in case there shall be two or more commissioners there long to the re-

resident, and no other commissioner shall in such case interfere ; fident com.

and it shall be lawful for such commissioners residing within the missioners .

respective wards or parishes aforesaid, to appoint two or more

persons to be collectors, who shall have given such security as

aforesaid , whether such persons shall have been presented by the

assessorss as aforesaid, or named by the inhabitants or church-

wardens and overseers or guardians of the poor, or any two or

more of them, or any seven or more of the vestry where a select

hovestry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought

by such commissioners to be ofability to execute the office of

Where two

collector ; and that in default of presenting or naming such per- or more com-

fons who shall be willing to give such security , then the said missioners

commissioners residing as aforesaid shall name such persons as shall not be

they shall think of ability to execute the said office: provided resident, the

commissioners

always, that where two or more commissioners shall not be re- of the adja-

fident in any such ward or parish as aforesaid, for which collec- cent parim,

tors are to be appointed, then acommissioner or commissioners &c. may ap-

residing in any adjacent ward or parish in the same county or point or con-

curinthe ap-

city may appoint or concur with a commissioner so residing, in pointment of

the appointment of such collectors ; and every person appointed collectors .

da collector in pursuance of his act shall also, by virtue of such Collectors

appointment, act as an assessors for the same parish, ward, or shall also act

place .

as assessorss .

T

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any assessor or col- Assessor or

flector, to be appointed as aforesaid , shall wilfully neglect or re- collectors

fuse to take upon himself the office of an assessors or collector, to refuting to

take the of

which he shall be appointed, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to fice, or neg-

perform his duty in the due and speedy execution of this act, or lecting their

of any act or acts granting duties to be assessed under the regu- duty , may be

lations of this act, for which he shall be appointed an assessors or fined by com-

collector , such commissioners, or any two or more of them, missioners not

may and shall , by virtue of this act , impose on such person or

exceeding 20% .persons so refusing or neglecting, for every such offence, a fine

not

652 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803. 18

Inhabitants of not exceeding twenty pounds : provided, that no person inhabi-

cities, bo-

roughs, &c. ting any city, borough, or town corporate, shall be compelled

た

not compelled to be an assessors or collector for any part of such duties, in any

tobe assessorss place or places out of the limits of the city, borough, or town

orcollectors corporate , in which he shall so inhabit .

out of the li-

mits of such XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and

places. other places being extra-parochial , and not within the constable-

Inprivileged wicks or precincts of the respective assessors to be appointed as

ani extra- pa- aforesaid, and in all parishes and places where two able and fuf-

rochial places, ficient inhabitants cannot be found, the said commissioners, or

where

and wifitient any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to

inhabitants

nominate and appoint two fit persons, living in or near the said

cannot be

privileged or other places as aforesaid, to be affefsfors for the said

found, the

places, and to make and return their said assessiments in like

commissioners manner as by this act is directed in any parish or place, and

to appoint assessorss ; also in like manner and in the like cases to appoint one or more

and collectors collector or collectors, who are hereby required to collect and

in like man-

pay the fums given to them in charge, according to the rules

ner.

prescribed by this act, for collecting and paying the sums of

money assessed in any parish or place.

Ifaffeffors XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such com-

neglect their missioners shall neglect to appoint assessors as directed by this

duty, survey-

ors may per-

act, or in cafe the afsessors by them appointed small neglect to

form the

perform what shall be lawfully required of them, that then and

fame.

in every such case it shall be lawful to and for the surveyor or

surveyors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, to

do and perform such and the like services as ought to be done

by such assessorss, until such afsessors thall be appointed, and shall

Officers exe-

act with effect .

cuting this

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

act, or other

commissioner, aflessor, or collector, who shall be employed in

acts herein

mentioned,

the execution of any such act or acts herein mentioned, or of

not liable to

this act, shall be liable, for or by reason of such execution, to

any other penalties than

any penalty or penalties, other than such as by this act, or the

said act or acts, are or may be inflicted .

such as are

contained

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several persons who,

therein . as inspectors or surveyors, are or may be authorised to act in

Inspectors and the execution of any act or acts in force at the time ofpalling of

surveyors act- this act, shall also be the inspectors and surveyors to act in the

ing in execu- execution of this act, and of the said act or acts for granting

tion of acts duties to be assessed under the regulations of this act , whether

nowin force , such persons be appointed by the name of inspectors, expectant

tobe inspec-

tors and fur- inspectors , or surveyors, either for any particular district , or for

veyors under vacant districts, or otherwise by whatever name they shall have

this act. been or shall be appointed; and it shall be lawful to and for his

Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, or the lords-commissioners of

the treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the time

being, or the high-treasurer for the time being, from time to

time to constitute and appoint such person or persons as his

His Majestyor Majesty, his heirs and successors , or the said commissioners of

thetreasury the treasury , or the high-treasurer for the time being, shall

mayfrom think

803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 653

Think proper to be the officers for the survey and inspection oftime to time

the duties under the management of the commissioners for the appoint offi-

cers for the

Fairs of taxes, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, survey and in-

And for doing and executing all things belonging to the office of spection of

ispector or surveyor, according to the powers vested in them duties under

y this act, or by any other act or acts for granting the said commissioners oftaxes.

Cuties to be assessed under the regulations of this act, or any of

em.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every such surveyor or Surveyors to

urveyors , inspector or inspectors, shall twice in every year, to certify fur-

wit , between the first day of July and the tenth day ofAuguft charges twice

ollowing, and between the first day of December and the tenth

in the year.

Bay of January following, yearly, and at no other times, certify

in writing to two or more of the said commissioners all such

Burcharges as they may lawfully make, and shall give or cause to

De given to every person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be Notice thereof

test at his or her last or usual place of abode in the district where to be given to

theparty fur-

uch surcharge shall be made, notice in writing of such fur- charged .

charge , and of the amount for which he or she shall have

been charged by virtue of such certificate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or Surcharges

surveyors, inspector or inspectors, shall omit to make a fur- omitted the

firsthalfyear

charge on or before the first day of August in any year, it shallmaybemade

be lawful for the said surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspec- for the whole

tors , to make such surcharge or surcharges on or before the first year.

day of January following, for the whole year.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such surveyor Surveyor

or inspector shall knowingly or wilfully, through favour, under- guilty of vex-

atious or cor-

rate or omit to charge any person or persons, or shall be guilty aupt practices

of any corrupt, vexatious, and illegal practices in the execution in his office,

of his office, such surveyor or inspector shall, for every such to forfeit 100% .

offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and on con- and on conviction shall be discharged from his said employment. viction be dif-

miffed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons over-

persons shall think himself , herself , or themselves respectively charged may

over - charged or over-rated by any affessment or surcharge to be appeal to the

made by virtue or in pursuance of any act or acts before men- commission-

tioned , it shall be lawful for him, her , or them respectively, to ers,

appeal to the commissioners for putting in execution the said act

or acts in relation to such affefsment , on giving at the least ten on giving ten

days notice thereof to the said surveyor or inspector, or to one days notice

to the fur-

or more of the assessors of the place wherein such affefsment or veyor or af-

surcharge shall be made , of such intention to appeal ; and the feffor.

said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and they Commission-

are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals, ex-ers to hear

cept where it shall appear to the said commissioners that the appeals, un-

person appealing shall have omitted to give such notice thereofless noticeen

to the proper officer aforesaid, in which case it shall be lawful given ; in

for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required to dif- which cafe

miss the appeal, and to confirm the affeffinent or surcharge ap- the affefsment

pealed against .

orfurcharges

must be con-

XXV. Pro- firmed.

654 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [ 1803. 180

Assessments

not to be al teredbefore

the time for

hearing appeals, except

in cafes authorisedby

theact or re-

cited acts .

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

X

affessment which shall be delivered to such commissioners, or any

two or more of them, by any such assessors or assessorss , thall be

230altered by them, or any of them, before the time for hearing and

determining appeals, and then only upon a surcharge or fur-

charges not appealed against, and according to such surcharge

or surcharges, or upon the commissioners hearing the matter of

appeal particularly relating thereto, upon a general appeal day

duly appointed, save and except in such cases only where such

commissioners are specially authorised to alter or rectify any such

Clerks or other aflessment by the act or acts before mentioned; and if any clerk

persons alter to such commissioners, or any other person or persons , shall

ing the affeff- alter, or cause or procure or suffer to be altered , any assessment,

ment impro-

perlyto for- after the fame shall have been allowed bysuch commissioners,

feit 50l. except as aforesaid, or in cases of appeal, and by order of the said

commissioners, or any two or more of them, made after appeal

as aforesaid, every such clerk or other person shall forfeit and

pay the fum of fifty pounds.

Commission-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commif-

ers, on hear-

fioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing any such

ing appeals,

not abatement,

appeal, make an abatement or defalcation in the charge made

upon any person by assessment, or by the surcharge of any

unless the

assessor or assessorss , surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors,

party is over- as aforesaid, but the charge or surcharge shall stand good and

dated ,and prof remain part of the annual affefsment , unless it shall, upon the

particulars as hearing of such appeal, appear to the commissioners then pre-

required by fent, or the major part of them, by examination of the appellant

the acts, veri- upon oath or affirmation, or by other lawful evidence to be

fied onoath. produced by him or her, that such person is over-rated in or by

any such affefsment or surcharge, and unless the appellant shall

produce before the said commissioners a true, perfect, and com-

Surveyor and plete lift, account, declaration, or return, as shall or may be

inspector may required by the act or acts before mentioned, and verify the

attend in fup- fame upon his or her oath or affirmation ; and such surveyor, or

of the

portof affefsment or inspector and assessors, may then and there attend to give his or

surcharge,

their reasons in support of the said assesiment or surcharge, and

andproduce evidence, if

may , if he or they think proper, produce any lawful evidence in

they think proper, &c .

support of the fame; and such surveyor, inspector, and assessor,

shall have full power and free liberty to be present during all

Ifcommission- the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said

ers shall find , commissioners determining the fame : provided always, if upon

upon appeal, such appeal it shall appear to the said commissioners that the per-

the per-

fon is notfully fons so assessed or surcharged is or ought to be charged to any

assessed or amount beyond the amount contained in such assessment or fur-

surcharged, charge, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to charge

they may chargethe such person to the matter or thing, or amount of the sum omitted,

amount omit- in like manner and at the like rate as they might have done, if

ted.

a full, true, and perfect assessment had been made in the first

No barrister instance: provided also that no barrister, solicitor, or attorney ,

of solicitor or any person practising the law, thall be allowed to plead before

allowed to the said commissioners on such appeal for the appellant or officers,

plead before commission either viva voce or by writing.

ers . XXVII. And

803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 99. 655

✓ XXVII. And be it further enacted, That such commissioners, Commisson-

ers to give

or any two or more of them , shall and they are hereby required entitegeol-

ogive such collectors as aforesaid notice at what time or times, lectors of

within the periods herein limited, and at what place or places, times and

The appeals of any person or persons who shall think themselves places for

aggrieved as aforesaid may be heard and determined ; and every hearing

hearingap-

ach collector is also hereby required, within ten days after such Deals

Collectors

notice from the said commissioners , to cause publick notice to be within ten

given in every parish church or chapel of ease belonging to any days to cause

uch parish within his district or division, immediately after publick no-

tice to be

21

livine service on the Lord's day (if divine service shall be per- given thereof

ormed in the said parith within that time) , or otherwise in the in church ,

church of the next adjoining parish, of the time and place fo

appointed by such commissioners for hearing and determining

Pappeals as aforesaid, and shall also cause the like notice to be and fix notice

fixed in writing upon the door of each of the said respective parish in writing on

church doors.

churches or chapels of ease, that all persons who shall think

-themselves aggrieved as aforesaid may know when and where

to make their appeal to the said commissioners.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such appeals asAppeals, of

shall be made to such commissioners, and of which notice shall which notice

isgiven , to be

have been given to the assessors, surveyor, or inspector as afore- heard andde-

said, between the first day of July and the twentieth day oftermined with-

August, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said com- in certain

missioners upon such days as shall by them be appointed for the periods.

hearing of such appeals, between the twentieth day of August

E and the twentieth day of September following ; and that all such

other appeals as shall be made to the said commissioners, and of

which like notice shall have been given between the first day of

December and the twentieth day of January following, yearly,

shall be heard and determined by such commissioners upon such

other days as thall be appointed by them for the hearing thereof ,

between the twentieth day of January and the tenth day of

February following, yearly; and no appeal shall be allowed,

heard, or determined, which shall not be made at the times and

in manner before directed . Determina .

✓ XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such appeals once tion of the

heard and determined by the said commissioners, or any two or commissioners

more of them, or the major part of them present on the day or on appeals to

be final; and

days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final ; neither the

and neither the determination of the commissioners, nor the determination

affefsment then and there made thereupon, shall be altered on nor the af-

- any pretence whatever at any subsequent meeting, or at any fefiment made

other time or place, except always in such cafes where the opi- be affered at

thereupon can

✓nion of the judges shall be required according to the provisions anysubsequent

of any act or acts concerning the same.

meeting, ex.

XXX. And whereas it may happen that the affessments anddupli- cept where

cafes are

cates of the said duties may not be signed and allowed in due time, to required for

the prejudice of the said revenue, for want of a sufficient number of the judges

commissioners acting or attending where and whenfuch affefsments or opinion.

duplicates ought to be allowed; be it further enacted, That in all If afsessments

cafes and duplicates

656 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 99. [1803.

are not signed cafes it shall be lawful for the said commissioners appointed for

indue time , fioners putting any act or acts relating to the said duties in execution,

in the fame

living in any parish or place within the same county , riding , or

countymay

division, and they are hereby empowered and required to allow

allow the

and sign such assessiments or duplicates which are or shall be

fame.

wanting for any such parishes or places as aforesaid .

When com-

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

missioners do at any time there shall not have been any meeting or meetings

not meet

within the

of two or more of the said commissioners, and a due execution

timepre- scribed by

of any of the powers created by this act, or the act or acts

before mentioned, within or at the time or times , or according

this act, they

to the manner or circumstances directed or prescribed in and by

may meet at

other times,

this act, or the said act or acts, it shall be lawful to and for any

and execute

two or more of the persons appointed commissioners, and they

any of the

are hereby required, in all and every the respective counties,

powers there- ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns respectively,

incontained. in that part of Great Britain as aforesaid wherein such default

shall have happened, to meet and execute the said powers at any

other time or times, any thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding ; and they are hereby authorised and

required forthwith, or as soon as may be after the time or times

at which such meeting should have been held, and such powers

should have been executed, to meet and execute the same, and

cause the same to be executed, so as that all the duties by law

payable on assessment be duly and effectually charged, raised,

levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and succes-

fors ; and all such meetings and acts of the said commissioners,

or any two or more of them, thall be deemed and are hereby

declared to be good and valid, to all intents and purposes, not-

withstanding any such omission or defect.

Where af- XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any parith,

feffors or col- ward, or place, in that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, any

lectors are not failure shall happen in the appointment of the assessors or assessorss,

appointed,

two justices or collector or collectors, whereby the affsessments or collection

of the peace of the duties is likely to be delayed, it shall be lawful for any

inany county, two justices of the peace of any county in that part of Great

or the chief

magistrateand Britain as aforesaid, the ridings of York, or divisions of Lincoln,

justices in any whenever such failure shall happen in any parish, ward, or place

city, &c . may within such county, riding, or division, or in any town or place

appoint them. adjoining thereto, such town or place not being a county ofitself

herein mentioned, and for the chief magistrate and justices of

the peace of any city, town, or place, being a county of itself ,

and they and every of them, on notice of such default to be

given by the surveyor, are strictly enjoined and required to appoint an assessors or assessorss, or a collector or collectors , as the

cafe may require, observing therein the rules and regulations

Personsfo

prescribed by this act for the appointment of such respective

appointed assessorss or

officers by commissioners ; and if any person appointed by the

justices or magistrates as aforesaid, to be an afsessor or collector,

collectors re-

thall wilfully neglect or refuse to take upon himself the office of

fusing to per an assessors or collector, or thall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform

0

2

H D

t

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 99 . 657

form his duty in the speedy and faithful execution of his office ; form theduty ,

or to take the

or if any person so appointed to be an assessors shall neglect or oath required ,

refuse to take the oath or affirmation directed to be taken by shall forfeit

-assessors by this act, as the case may require, every such person sol.

so offending shall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds .

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Collectors, on

■ persons shall refuse to pay the several sum and sums charged payment of

the duties

upon him, her, or them, by any act or acts granting the duties being refused,

herein mentioned, or any other duties to be afssessed under the to distrain;

regulations of this act, upon demand made by the collector or

collectors of the division or place, according to the precepts or

estreats to him or them delivered by such commissioners, it shall

be lawful to and for such collector and collectors , or any of

them, who are hereby respectively thereunto authorised and required, for non- payment thereof, to distrain upon the messuages ,

lands, tenements, and premises, charged with any fum or fums

of money, or to distrain the person or persons so charged, by his

1 or their goods and chattels , and all such other goods and chattels

as they are hereby authorised to distrain without any further

authority from the commissioners for that purpose, than the

warrant to such collector or collectors delivered at the time of

his or their appointment ; and the distress so taken to keep by and keep the

the space of four days, at the costs and charges of the party so distress fo

taken 4days ;

refusing; and if the said party doth not pay the respective fums and if the

of money so due, within the said four days, then the said distress duties are not

to be appraised by two or more of the inhabitants where the said then paid, to

distress is taken, or other sufficient persons, and there to be fold sell the same.

by the said officer for payment of the said money, and the over-

plus coming by the said distress (if any there be) after deducting

the said money, and also the costs and charges of taking, keep-

sing , and felling the said distress , which costs and charges

the said officer is hereby authorised to retain , to be restored to

the owner thereof ; and moreover it shall be lawful, in such Collectors in

cafe , to break open in the day- time any house, upon warrant

the day time

under the hands and seals of two or more of the said commif-

maybreak open houses,

fioners obtained for that purpose, calling to their afsistance the having a war-

constable, tithingman ,or

headborough, within the counties, rant from the

cal Thire's , stewartries, cities, towns, and places, where any for that pur-

commissioners

refusal, neglect, or resistance shall be made, which said officers pose, andtak-

are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the premises , as ing a constable

they will answer the

contrary at their peril; and if any person with them .

or persons appointed to pay any of the duties charged by any act When fuffi-

or acts as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said fum or cient distress

cannot be

fums so appointed to be paid, by the space of ten days after de- found, the

if mand as aforesaid, where no sufficient distress can or may be puty may be

foundwhereby the fame maybe levied , then and in every such committed to

cale, two or more of such commissioners are hereby authorised, prison .

by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such-persons difference re-

Question or

to the common gaol, there to be kept , without bail or main- specting dif-

prize, until payment shall be made ; and if any question or tress to be de-

VOL. XLIV. difference termined by

UU

658 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803 .

the commif- difference shall arise, upon taking such distress, the same shall be

fioners. determined and ended by two or more of such commissioners.

Commissioner XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing

may act for

any part of the herein contained shall be construed to restrain the said commif-

county for

sioners, or any of them, from acting as commissioners in any part

which heis appointed .

of the county, riding, division, or place, for which they are

appointed ; and that all warrants and precepts of the said com-

Warrants of missioners shall and may be executed by the respective persons

service may

beexecutedin to whom the same are directed, in any part of the same county ,

any part of a riding, division, or place, for which they are appointed.

county , rid-

XXXV . And whereas it mayfrequently happen thatpersons quit-

ing, &c.

ting their dwelling-houses or places ofresidence, may remove to other

Whenpersons parishes or places withoutfirst discharging or paying the duties charged

removewith upon him, her, or them, whereby the said duties made payable by

out paying the this act will be lost, unless such person or persons so removing can ,

duties, the afterfuch removal , be compelled to pay the same ; be it further en-

commissioners acted , That the commissioners acting by virtue of this act,

to certify the

fame to the within such parish or place where such duties are charged upon

commissioners and unpaid by the person or persons removing as aforesaid, shall

of theplace

sign and cause to be transmitted a certificate thereof to the com-

where the

party canbe

missioners acting within the parish or place where the person or

found;

persons making such default of payment shall happen to reside;

who are to

which commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and

cause the

they are hereby empowered to raise and levy the said duties

amountthere- charged upon the party or parties removed as aforesaid, and cause

oftobelevied , the monies so raised and levied to be paid to the collector of the

and to be paid parish or place from whence the said person or persons did re-

to the collec-

tor of the move, so as the same may be paid and applied according to the

parish where true intent and meaning of this act.

the afsesiment

was made. XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any parish

or place shall be in two or more counties, ridings , ordivisions,

divi

Parishes or the duties charged or to be charged in or for such parish or place

places being in shall be assessed , raised, levied , collected, and paid, by and

the counties under the commissioners acting for that part of the said parish or

be assessed in place where the church or other place of publick worship afore-

the county

where the

said shall be situate, and that the whole of such parith orplace

church is

shall be deemed for the purposes of this act to be situate in such

situate;

county , riding, or division, wherein such church or other place

andhouses

of publick worship shall be situate, and also where any dwelling-

situated in

house, or any other premises occupied therewith hereby charged,

two parishes, shall be situate in two or more parishes, wards, or places, the

the whole of whole duties to be charged thereon shall be affefsfed , raised, le-

the duties to

be charged in vied, collected, and paid, in one of the said parishes, wards, or

one.

places only, and the party so charged shall be relieved from any

second affefsment made thereon, or any part thereof, as in other

cafes of double assessments .

No goods to

betaken by virtueof any

process, except at theXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no goods or

chattels whatever, belonging to any person or persons atthe time

any of the said duties to be assessed under the regulations of this

act became in arrear, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any execution

1

コ

الا

.7

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 659

execution or other process, warrant, or authority, or by virtue suit of the

of any afssignment, on any account or pretence whatever, except landlord for

at the suit of the landlord for rent, unless the party at whose suit rent, unless

the party shall

the said execution or seisure shall be sued out or made, or to pay or cause

whom such assignment shall be made, shall, before the sale or to be paid the

removal of such goods or chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the arrears, not

collector or collectors of the said duties so due, all arrears of the exceeding one

said duties which shall be due at the time of seifing such goods year.

or chattels, or which shall be payable for the year in which such

seisure shall be made, provided the duties shall not be claimed

for more than one year ; and in case the said duties shall be

claimed for more than one year, then the said party at whose

instance such seisure shall have been made, paying the said collector or collectors the aforesaid duties due for one whole year ,

mayproceed in his seisure as he might have done if no duties

had been so claimed; but in case ofrefusal to pay the said duties, In cafeofre-

the said collector or collectors are hereby authorised and required fufal, the collectors may

todistrain such goods and chattels notwithstanding such seisure or distrain and

assignment, and proceed to the sale thereof according to this act, fell the goods.

in order to obtain payment of the whole of the said duties so

assessed, together with the reasonable costs and charges attending

such distress and sale ; and every such collector so doing shall be

indemnified by virtue of this act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all remedies, Powers of the

advantages, powers, methods, and things, which by any act or 27 Geo . 2 .

and 33d of his

acts concerning bankrupts, or concerning the method of reco - presentMa-

vering rent in arrear, are given or granted to any creditors, jesty tobe used

leffors, or landlords respectively, and all the powers and provi- by commi

fions of an act passed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of fioners, &c.

King George the Second, intituled, An altfor the more easy and in recovering

effectual proceeding upon distress to be made by warrants ofjustices of

arrears.

the peace; and also of another act, passed in the thirty-third year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An all to authorise

justices to impose fines upon constables, overseers , and other peace

and parish officers, for neglect of duty , masters of apprentices for ill

usage of such their apprentices ; and also to make provision for the

execution of warrants of distress granted by magistrates, as far

as the fame powers of the said last - mentioned act relate to the

execution of warrants of distress granted byjustices of the peace,

shall be used and practised by such respective commissioners, and

by any collector, surveyor, or inspector as aforesaid, acting

under the authority of such commissioners, for the recovering

and securing any arrears of such duties, as are to be affessed under

the regulations of this act, over and above the powers , remedies,

rules , and regulations, contained in this act, as fully and

effectually as ifthe fame remedies, advantages, powers , provi-

sions, methods, and things were particularly and severally re-

peated and re -enacted in this act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That at the end of every Commission-

quarter of a year appointed for the payment of the sums afiefled , ers, quarterly

or twice in a

or any part thereof , or within one calendar month thereafter, or year at least,

UU2

at to call the col-

1

660 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803.

lectors before at such other times as they shall think expedient, but nevertheless

them , and ex- twice at least ; videlicet, on or before the first day of November

amine them

uponoath as

and the first day of May following in every year, and so from

to the fums

time to time as often as shall be necessary, the several and re-

collected by spective commissioners appointed to put this act in execution,

themandpaid or any two or more of them, within their district, shall and are

to the receiv-

er- general, hereby empowered and required to call before them the collector

alfoas to the or collectors appointed within each parish or place, as the cafe

amount of

arrears , and

may require, and to examine him or them upon oath or solemn

causethe

thereof; affirmation, and assure themselves of the sum or fums ofmoney

that shall have been collected and paid to such collector or collectors of the duties given to them, or any of them in charge,

and to make such order therein for the payment of the same to

the receiver- general, on the day or time appointed for receiving

the fame, as they shall judge necessary ; and also to assure them-

selves of the sum or sums in arrear, and the cause or causes

thereof; and also, upon such oath or affirmation, to examine the

said collector or collectors touching the due payment over of any

sum collected by him or them in any preceding part of the same

year, and in every such case to make such order therein as aforesaid;

also the collector of any

former year.

and the said commissioners are hereby empowered and required,

in every year, to call before them the collector or collectors

appointed in each parish, ward, or place in any former year ,

where any fum or sums of the duties charged by virtue of any

act or acts before mentioned shall be in arrear or unpaid to the

receiver-general , and to examine the said collector or collectors

on such oath or affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves

of the fum or fums of money collected by him or them, and of

the sum or fums in arrear, and also the sum or sums paid over

to the receiver-general, and of the sums remaining in the hands

of the said collector or collectors , and to make such order

therein as they shall judge necessary to prevent any failure in the

payment in any part of the affefsment charged by virtue of any

Receiver -ge- such act or acts, and so from time to time as long as any of the

or , and fur-

neral, inspect- arrears of the said duties, or any of them charged upon any of

veyor, when the said parishes, wards, or places shall be in arrear ; and the

required, to respective receivers-general, inspectors, and surveyors, thall,

affilt commif- when required so to do, be assisting to such commissioners in

fioners . their inquiry in all matters relating to their respective offices .

Collectors

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any wilful delay or

neglecting

failure shall happen in demanding, receiving, recovering, or

theirduty maypaying over any monies of the duties assessed as aforesaid, through

bedifmiffed,

and the com-

the default or neglect of any collector or collectors, it shall be

missioners

lawful for such commissioners to revoke the appointment of such

may from

collector or collectors so in default or neglecting as aforesaid,

time to time and by indorsement on the fame precept or precepts ofappoint-

appoint others.

ment, or otherwise by their precept, to appoint a collector or

collectors in his or their stead for the remainder of the year,

with full power to collect the arrears of the fums then due ; and

it shall also be lawful for such commissioners, whenever the fame

shall be necessary, to revoke such last-mentioned appointment,

and

f

Z

1

12

را

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 99 . 661

and to appoint a collector or collectors in like manner, from

time to time, and as often as any such collector or collectors

shall be guilty of such default or neglect, provided security be

taken, if required, as in the case of an original appointment,

and provided the like security be taken on every such new appointment as shall have been required to be taken on the appoint-

ment of collectors at the commencement of any year, as herein-

before is mentioned ; and such collector or collectors so in default Collectors dif-

as aforesaid , shall , on the demand of such commissioners, deliver missed todeli-

ver, on de-

up to them or in their presence, to the collector or collectors mand of the

newly appointed, all such certificates of assessments which he or commission-

they were charged to collect, and all accounts of receipts and ers, to the new

vouchers of payment as aforesaid, and also shall pay to the collector , the

certificates of

receiver- general all sums then in his or their hands, at such affefsments,

time as such commissioners shall appoint ; and if any person &c. or in de-

after such removal from the office of collector, shall refuse or fault to forfeit

neglect to do any matter or thing required by this act, every 50 % .

such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be

charged in any assessment of such duties as aforesaid, for such

parish , ward, or place, and recovered as such assessment may

be recovered, and shall also remain liable to such other forfeitures

and disabilities that may be incurred by virtue of this act, for

detaining the said monies in his hands after such demand made

of the same as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any collector, being Colle&ors re-

duly summoned, shall refuse to attend such respective commif- fusing to at-

tend commif-

sioners, or shall not answer all such lawful questions as shall be fioners with

demanded of him by such commissioners , touching the execution their affeff-

of his office of collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce to ments, &c . to

them the certificates of assessments, accounts, or vouchers of such forfeit 50%.

receipts or payments as aforesaid , or shall not obeythe order of such

commissioners to be made as before directed, every such collector

shall forfeit and pay the fum offiftypounds, tobe charged upon him

in any afsessment as aforesaid, and to be recovered, as such affeff-

ment maybe recovered , over and above any forfeiture or disability

that may be incurred by virtue of this act for detaining monies of

the said duties in his hands, contrary to this act; and whenever any If monies in

money of the said duties herein mentioned shall be detained in the hands of

collectors can-

the hands of any collector or collectors, or any penalty orpe- not be reco-

nalties imposed on any collector or collectors shall remain un- vered under

paid, and the fame, or any part thereof , cannot be recovered by the warrant

or under the warrant or authority of the respective commissioners, of the com-

or the said respective commissioners shall neglect to issue such missioners, or

the commif-warrant, then such part thereof as cannot be so recovered, which fioners shall

shall have arisen from the said duties , shall be recoverable as a neglect to issue

debt upon record to the King's majesty, his heirs and fuccessors , such warrant,

with all costs and charges attending the fame; and such part theamou

thereof which shall arise from any penalty as aforesaid may be verable as a

recovered by action or information, as other penalties may by dept upon

this act be recovered, with full costs of suit; and the sum to record.

recovered

662 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 99. [ 1803 .

recovered small be paid to the receiver-general, in aid of the

parish or place answerable for the fame.

Collectors, XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

whenrequired collector or collectors appointed for any parish, ward, or place

bythe church- wardens, &c. as aforesaid , when required so to do by the churchwardens and

to deliver a

overseers or guardians of the poor, or any two of them, or the

statement of select vestry as aforesaid, or any seven of them, shall deliver to

their account, them respectively an account in writing of the sums received by

on penalty of such collector or collectors , and of the sums in arrear , and of

201.

the sums remaining in his or their hands, and also of the sums

paid to the receiver- general ; and if any collector shall refuse or

neglect so to do, within fourteen days after such demand shall

be made, he shall forfeit and pay to the use of the poor of such

parish or place, where such collector shall reside, the sum of

twenty pounds .

If collectors

do not de-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector to be

mandduties appointed as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to demand pay-

of the parties ment of all fums of money given in charge to such collector of

charged, and the respective persons chargeable therewith, or leave a demand

execute the

warrants of

in writing at their respective places of last abode, or on the pre-

the commif . mises, charged with the affefsment, as the cafe may require,

fioners , within within the time herein limited ; or in case ofdefault of payment

a limited

thereof upon such demand, shall neglect or refuse to execute

time, the names of such

the warrant or precept of the commissioners for recovering the

persons can-

fame, within two calendar months after the said duties are pay-

not be re-

able, as by this act is directed, it shall not be lawful for the

turned into

collector to insert in the schedule to be by the receiver-general

the exche- returned into the exchequer, the name of such person as having

quer , but the

parishmustbemade default of payment of any of the sums rated or assessed on

answerable for such person, but the parish, ward, or place respectively, for

the fame. which such collector shall have been appointed, shall be answer-

able for the fame, in the manner directed by any act or acts for

granting the said duties herein mentioned.

Collectors not to insert in

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no collector appoint-

any schedule ed for any parish , ward, or place, shall be allowed to insert in

tobe returned any schedule the name of any person to be returned into the

into the ex-

exchequer, as not having paid the duties made payable by any

chequer, any

act or acts herein mentioned, unless such collector shall make

person as a

defaulter ,

oath, or , being one of the people called Quakers, shall make

unless upon

and subscribe a solemn affirmation before two commissioners,

oath as to

( who respectively shall certify the said oath or affirmation on the

certain parti.

said schedule), that the sum for which such person is so returned

culars.

in default is due and wholly unpaid, either to such collector, or

to any other person or persons for such collector, to the best of

his knowledge and belief , and that such person became insolvent

or bankrupt before the day on which the duties became payable,

and had not goods and chattels sufficient whereon to raise and

levy such duties within the parish, ward, or place, for which

such collector shall have been appointed at any time since such

duties became payable, or that such person removed from the parish,

z

23 H

fist

2

يلا

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99 . 663

parish , ward, or place for which such collector shall have been

appointed before the day on which such duties became payable,

without leaving therein sufficient goods and chattels whereon

such duties then payable could be raised and levied, and that

there were not nor are any goods and chattels of any person or

persons liable to the payment of such duties in arrear, or any

part thereof , whereby the same , or any part thereof , could or

might be raised or levied, which oath or affirmation shall be

indorsed on such schedule.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the collectors ap- Collectors to

pointed as aforesaid shall make a due return, fairly written on make a re-

paper, under their hands, to such commissioners, containing the turn upon

oath ofper-

names, furnames, and places of abode of every person within fons from

their respective collections, from whom such collector or col - whom the

lectors shall not have been able to collect or receive such duties duties cannot

for any of the causes before mentioned, and which shall have be collected .

been duly verified on the oath of such collector as aforesaid, and

the particular reason for returning each defaulter, and the sum

and sums charged upon every such person; and such commif- Commission-

fioners, after due examination thereof on the oaths or affirma- ers, after ex-

amination on

tions as aforesaid of the collectors, shall ascertain the sums which, oath of the

according to the provisions of any of the said acts herein men- collector, small

tioned, shall have been discharged from assessment for any cause make out

therein specially allowed ; and the said commissioners shall also schedules of

the sums

make out their schedules containing the fums so discharged , and discharged

the sums with which each and every such defaulter ought to be from the af-

charged, and the fums which shall not have been collected by sessiments, and

occasion of the collectors' neglect, and which ought to be re- which the

the fums with

affessed on the parish, ward, or place as aforesaid, and shall cause defaulters

the said several particulars to be inserted in a schedule fairly ought to be

written on parchment, under the hands and seals of such com- charged, and

missioners, or any two or more of them, containing the names which ought

the fums

and furnames of the said collectors, and the same to be delivered to be re-alleff

to the receiver-general, to be returned by such receiver-general ed upon the

into his Majesty's said court of exchequer, whereupon every parish ,and

person so making default of payment, and each parish, ward, or fame to the

deliver the

place, so in default , may be charged by process of court according receiver-ge-

to the course thereof in that behalf; and in default of such sche- neral, to be re-

dule made out according to the directions of this act, it shall be turned into

lawful for the receiver-general, and he is hereby required to the exchequer,

returnevery such parish, ward, or place infuper, for all fums not may issue.

that procels

paid to the receiver-general, and contained in the duplicate ofIn default of

assessment to him delivered, and all such sums so returned shall such schedule

insuch cafe be re-assessed on such parith, ward, or place; and all the receiver .

and every the proper officers therein concerned shall and they general to re-

are hereby required to take care , from time to time, that such turn the pa-

process be duly issued and made effectual, so that all such sums

rith infuper.

as shall be in arrear and unpaid as aforesaid may be speedily

recovered and paid into his Majesty's exchequer ; and if any

Collector neg-

such collector thall neglect or refuse to make such return in lecting to

make returns

manner to forfeit 100 % .

664 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803. 18

manner before directed, every such collector shall forfeit the sum

of one hundred pounds .

ha

col

Commission-

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective com-

ers to cause

missioners aforesaid shall cause two duplicates of every assessment

two dupli- cates to be

to be made out on parchment by their clerk, within one month

made out

at farthest after the tenth day of February after the making the

within one

month after

said affefsment yearly, and one of them to be delivered unto the

Feb. 10; one

respective receivers-general , and the other of them transmitted

a

for the re-

into the office of King's remembrancer in the exchequer, for

ceiver-general , and the

which duplicates the proper officer shall give acquittances gratis ,

and the

other tobe

so as every of them may be duly charged to answer their respec-

transmitted to

tive collections and receipts ; and the said duplicates shall be

the remem-

made for the fame hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, wards,

brance office. parithes, or places, or divisions , for which distinct duplicates are

directed to be made out, or may be made by virtue of the said

recited act for granting an aid by a land-tax before mentioned,

of

Duplicates to and every such duplicate shall contain the names and furnames

containthe of the several afsessors and collectors for every hundred, rape,

fullfum given lath, wapentake, ward, parish, or place, or other division , and

8

charge to

the collectors. the full amount of the sums given in charge to the collectors

throughout the whole year shall be inserted without any dif-

Clerks neglecting to

charge, diminution, or defalcation, on any pretence whatever ;

make out

and if any clerk to such commissioners shall neglect or refuse to

duplicates,

make out and deliver such duplicates as aforesaid, within the

or making false entry,

time and in manner herein-before directed, or shall make any

to forfeit rool

false entry, or omit any fum or sums in such duplicates, every

and be dif-

such clerk shall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds ,

miffed.

and on conviction thereof shall be discharged from his said

Incafe of

office.

failure in af- XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall

feffing the du- be any failure of affeffing or charging the said duties in any

ties, or re-

turning the duplicates for any parish,

parish, ward, or place, or of returning the duplicates of the af-

sessments made for any such parish , ward, or place, or of raising

or paying the several fums charged upon any person or persons

the receiver- general to

in any such parish, ward, or place, within the respective times

certify the

limited by this act, the receiver-general acting for the duties

fame to the

charged or to be charged on such parish, ward, or place, shall

barons of the and may, at any time after such failure hath happened, certify to

exchequer, the barons of the court of exchequer at Westminster, the particular

with the

names of the parith and parishes, ward or wards, or place and places, and the

commission- particular division where any such failure hath happened, and

ers, assessorss , the cause thereof to the best of his knowledge, together with

&c. who shall the names of the commissioners appointed as aforesaid to act for

be respective- the hundred, rape, lath , wapentake, city, ward, town, or place,

ly liable to

process from or the division wherein such failure hath happened , or any two

Gtime to time or more of them residing within such division, hundred, rape,

bywrit of lath , wapentake, city, ward, town, or place, and also the names

diftringas, on of the assessorss and collectors, and the several persons belonging

application of commissioners to such parish or place charged to such duties, and who shall

oftaxes.

have made failure in the payment thereof , in case an assessment shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 665

shall have been made, which said commissioners , assessors , and

collectors , and any person or persons charged with such duties,

shall be respectively liable to process for such neglect by the order

of such barons , according to the exigency of the cafe, which

process shall be by writ of distringas, to be forthwith and from

time to time, as there shall be occasion, issued out of the said

court on the application of the commissioners for the affairs of Commissioners of taxes

taxes, against such of the said commissioners, officers, or persons, to certify to

who shall have made such failure, upon which writ of diftringas the court of

the sheriff or other officer to whom the same shall be directed exchequer

shall return such issues as the said court shall order at the return when the per-

of such writ ; and immediate process shall thereupon issue for fons against

whom

_levying the fame, out of and under the seal of the said court of writ shall issue

exchequer, unless the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes have complied

shall certify to the said court, if in the term time, or to any one with the di-

of the said barons, if in the vacation, that the commissioners, act, upon

rections of the

officers , and other persons, against whom such writ issued, have which the pro-

complied with the directions of this act , in which case it shall be cess may be

lawful for such court or baron to cause such process to be respited respited or

till a future day, and fo from time to time , or to be finally discharged .

discharged.

E

XLVIII . And be it further enacted, That all monies of the Collectors to

duties herein mentioned, to be affessed under the regulations ofpay the

amount of

this act, shall, at such times as shall be appointed for the payment the duties to

thereof , be paid by the particular collectors who shall collect the the receiver-

fame, unto the receiver- general now or for the time being ap- general or

pointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the lord his deputy.

high treasurer for the time being , or the commissioners of the

treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to

receive the fame, or the deputy or deputies of such receiver-

general, to be appointed under his hand and seal , and whom he

5f is hereby authorised to appoint, and for whom he shall be an-

1 Iwerable , whereof notice shall be given by the receiver-general Notice ofap-

unto the commissioners, or any two or more of them, within pointment of

their respective districts , within twenty days after the first meet- deputiestobe

ing, yearly, and so from time to time , within twenty days after mif missioners .

every death or removal of any deputy, whenever any such shall

happen; and the said receiver- general, his deputy or deputies, Receiver- ge-

shall give receipts gratis to the said collectors for all monies by neralto g

them received in pursuance of such act or acts ; and the receipt collectors ,

to give

of such receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, or any of them, gratis.

✓ Thall be a sufficient discharge unto every such collector .

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the receivers -general, Receiver-

their deputy or deputies, are hereby empowered and required to general to

hasten collec-

call upon and hasten the collectors to make the payments of all tors to make

sums received by them of such duties as aforesaid, and in default payments, and

of such payment to cause the same to be levied by warrant under in default to

the hands and seals of any two or more of such commissioners, cause the fame

to be leviedupon the collectors, by distress and sale of his or their goods by warrant of

and chattels , such sum and sums of money as he or they hath or the commif-

have fioners upon

Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 99. [1803.

666 18

the collectors ' have received, and as ought by him or them to have been paid,

goods. and is not paid.

Collectors not L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the par-

obliged to ticular collectors for payment of any fums by them received ,

travel above unto such receiver-general or his deputy , shall not be obliged to

make his

ten miles to travel above ten miles from the place of their habitations.

payments to

LI. And be it further enacted, That no collector or collectors

the receiver- general.

of any of the duties herein mentioned shall collect or gather the

L

fame by any rate or book, other than such rate and book as small

Collectors ga- be signed and allowed by such commissioners as aforesaid , or

thering by a

false book, or

any two or more of them ; and that in case any such collector or

receiving more than is

collectors shall collect the same by any other rate or book, or

shall receive such duties from any person or persons not charged

charged in

therewith, or shall collect from any person or persons more

the rate , or

fraudulently

money than is actually charged in such rate or book, and not

alteringany pay the whole money by him collected, or fraudulently alter any

rate , to forfeit such rate or book, after the fame hath been signed and allowed

1001 .

by such commissioners as aforesaid, every such collector or collectors shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Ifcollectors

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any such collector or

refuse to pay collectors shall neglect or refuse to pay any fum or fums of

17

the duties re-

ceived by

money which shall be by him or them received as aforesaid, as

them, or to in and by this act is directed, and shall detain in his or their

deliver their hands any money received by them or any of them, and not

accounts, the pay the same at such time as by this act is directed, or shall have

may imprison wilfully refused to give an account to such commissioners as

them, and

aforesaid of the sums by him or them collected in manner

seise their

before directed, the said respective commissioners, or any two or

estate and

effects.

more of them , in their respective jurisdictions, are hereby authorised and empowered to imprison the person, and seise and

secure the estate, as well freehold as copyhold, and all other

estate , both real and personal, of such collector or collectors to

him or them belonging, or which shall descend or come into

the hands or posseflion of his or their heirs , executors, or admi-

nistrators , wheresoever the same can be discovered and found ;

Commission- and such commissioners who shall so seise and secure the estate

ersseifing collectors '

of any collector or collectors shall and are hereby empowered

estate , &c. to

to appoint a time for a meeting of the commissioners for such

appoint a

division, city, town, or place, and there to cause publick notice

meeting, giv-

to be given of the place where such meeting shall be appointed ,

ing tendays

ten days at least before such meeting; and the commissioners

notice thereof ;

present at such meeting, or the major part of them, in case the

accounts of such collector be not duly delivered, or the monies

detained by any such collector or collectors be not paid or fatis-

fied, as ought to be done according to the directions of his act ,

Commission shall be and are hereby empowered and required to fell and

ersat such

meetingto fell

dispose of all such estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid

seised and secured, or any part of them, to satisfy and pay into

the collectors'

estates and

the hands of the receiver- general the sum that shall not be fo

effects, to fa- accounted for, or shall be so detained in the hands of such collector

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 667

lector or collectors, their heirs, executors, or administrators tisfy the debt

respectively, together with the reasonable costs and charges of due from kim ,

recovering, raising, and paying the same; which costs and with costs and

charges .

charges shall be ascertained and settled by the said commissioners ,

and the overplus (if any) shall be restored to the person who

owned the estate before the sale thereof .

Receiver-

LIII . And be it further enacted, That at every time and general to

place appointed by the commissioners of the district for the deliver acer-

collectors to pay in the monies to be paid to the receiver-general tificate of the

for his deputy , the said receiver-general or his deputy, under his fums received

hand, shall deliver a list or certificate, fairly written, to such by him in each

person as such commissioners, or any two or more of them, or person

parith , tofuch

fon as the

of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more commissioners

of them for the time being , shall under their hands authorise and of the district,

appoint to attend then and there for that purpose, containing for ofta

or the collec-

the several and respective sums of money then and there or thall appoint,

before that time paid by the respective collectors for each parish, under a pe-

✓ ward, or place in that district ; and in case there shall be any nalty not

refusal or neglect in delivering such lifts or certificates as afore. exceeding 20% .

said, such receiver- general or his deputy so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit any fum of money not exceeding twenty

pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective receivers. Receivers-

general shall pay the several sums ofmoney by them received, astoni general to pay

soon after the receipt thereof as conveniently can be done, and received by

at such times and in such manner as shall be directed under the them into the

authority of this act; and in case such receiver-general or his exchequer.

deputy shall pay any part of the monies paid to him or them by

any collector, to any person or persons whatsoever other than

into the receipt of his Majesty's said exchequer, and at or within

the respective times limited by this act, (except the necessary

charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting

for the fame, as is herein-after directed, and except such payments as shall be made by authority of any act or acts of parliament) , then such receiver-general shall for every such offence

of himself or his deputy forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no such receiver- Receiver-

general, or any heirs, executors, or administrators of such general( unless

accounts

receiver, shall in any accounts of the monies wherewith such are poffed

receivers shall be chargeable as aforesaid (unless such account within two

shall be declared and passed in the exchequer within two years years ), not to

at the furthest after the end of the year for which such rates and return any county, &c.

duties shall be payable) be allowed or admitted to set infuper, or infuser for

charge any county, division, or place for any monies granted by monies in

anyact or acts herein mentioned, which shall be in arrear and arrear , but

the receiverunpaid, but that the same shall remain a debt upon every such to be answer-

receiver, to be answered by him and his securities, his and their able for the

heirs , executors, and administrators, lands, tenements, goods, fame.

and chattels respectively ; any thing herein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And, to the intent the receivers- general may return atrue

account

668 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 99. [1803.1

account into his Majesty's court ofexchequer of suchfums of money as

shall be received by them, and every of their deputy and deputies ; be

Receiver-ge- it further enacted, That if any such receiver-general hall return

neral return-

ingany fums

or certify unto the said court any sum or fums of money to be

in arrear or

in arrear or unpaid, after the same have been received either by

infuper after

such receiver-general, or his deputy or deputies, or any of them,

he has receiv-

or shall cause any person or persons to be set infuper in the said

ed the fame,

to forfeit

court , for any fum or fums of money that have been so received,

doublethe

that then every such receiver-general shall forfeit to every person

damages.

and persons that shall be molested, vexed, or damaged, by reason

of such unjust certificate, return, or setting infuper , double the

damages that shall be thereby occasioned ; the said damages to

be recovered by action of debt, bill , plaint, or information, in

which no essoign , protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed,

nor any more than one imparlance ; and shall also forfeit to his

Majesty, his heirs and successors, double the sum that shall be

so unjustly certified or returned, or cause to be set infuper , to be

Commission-

recovered as other penalties may be recovered by this act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such receiver-

ers of taxes

general shall die or be removed, notice thereof shall be given by

togivenotice the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, to two or more com-

of death

or removal

missioners acting for each district in the county or place for

of any re-

which such receiver was appointed, before the time appointed

ceiver- general missioners of

to the com-

for the next quarterly payment of any of the duties hevein mentioned, and so from time to time upon the death or removal of

thedistricts.

such receiver-general.

Receiver-

LVIII . And be it further enacted, That no such receiver-

general not

general, or any of his agent or agents, servant or servants by

tomaintain action against

him employed for carrying any of the monies to be received for

the hundred

or on account of any of the duties herein mentioned, shall main-

onbeing rob-

tain any action or actions against any hundred or hundreds for

bed, unless

or upon account of his or their being robbed on the King's

there are

highway of any of the said monies, unless the person or persons

threepersons carrying, or accompanying the person or persons carrying such

in company.

monies, shall at the time of such robbery be together in company , and be in number three at the least , to attest the truth of

his or their being so robbed ; any law, statute, or provision to

the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Constables,

LIX. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That all

&c. to be

constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other his Majesty's

aiding and assisting in the

officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined, to be re-

execution of

spectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and of

this act .

every act or acts for granting duties to be affessed under the

regulations of this act, and to obey and execute such precepts

and warrants as thall be to them directed in that behalf by the

respective commissioners hereby apppointed, or any two or more

of them.

Persons obstructing officers , to

LX. And be it further enacted , That if any person or persons

shall, at any time hereafter, wilfully obstruct any assessor or

assessorss , collector or collectors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector

forfeit 50% .

or inspectors, in the due execution of his or their said office or offices ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. 669

offices, duty or duties respectively, such person or persons shall,

for every such offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds .

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said receivers Officer to

general, their deputy and deputies , surveyors, inspectors , and all follow such

instructions,

other officers and persons who shall be employed in the execu- &c. as they

Action of this act, or any act or acts for granting duties to be shall receive

affessed under the regulations of this act, shall observe and follow from the

such orders, instructions , and directions as they shall from time commissioners

to time receive from the said commissioners of the treasury , or fury.

of the trea-

any three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the

high -treasurer for the time being.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all Application of

pecuniary penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, or any penalties fued

act or acts for granting duties to be affessed under the regulations for within

twelve

of this act, may, if sued for within the space of twelve calendar nonths.

months from the time of such penalties being incurred, in

manner herein next mentioned, be to his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, and the other moiety thereof , with full costs of suit,

to the person or persons who shall inform or fue for the fame

within the time aforesaid, except where any penalty is or shall

ON be directed to be paid for the use of the poor of any parith ; and

all such penalties may be fued for in his Majesty's court of ex-

chequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England or

Berwick -upon-Tweed , or in the courts of great sessions in Wales,

ts for offences committed in Wales, by action ofdebt or information,

wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor

more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; but nevertheless it Attorney-

shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney-general, in case it shall general may

appear to his satisfaction that any penalty or forfeiture was in- stay proceed-

ings.

curred without intention of fraud, to stay all further proceedings

in such suits or prosecutions, by entering a noli profequi, or other-

wife, with respect as well as to the share of such penalty or for-

feiture claimed by such informer or informers, as to the share

thereof belonging to his Majesty.

LXIII. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That any Recovery and

such penalty or forfeiture shall be recoverable in the name of his application ofpenalties

Majesty's attorney-general on the part of his Majesty, by infor- not fued for

mation in the court of exchequer at Westminster ; and in default within twelve

of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such months .

penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable in any other

manner ; in all which cafes ( except where the same is directed

1

to be paid to the use of the poor of any parith or place) the

whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty,

his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures,

and shares of penalties and forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, be-

longing to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be paid

into the hands of the proper receiver-general or his deputy, to One moiety

the use of his Majesty ; and that in all cafes where the whole of of penalties

recovered forsuch pecuniary penalty or forfeiture shall be recovered for the his Majesty's

use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for use may be

✓ the commissioners for the affairs of taxes to cause such reward disposed of as

as the commif .

670 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803. 18

fioners of

taxes shall as they shall think fit , not exceeding one moiety of such penalty the

or forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all charges and ex - ire

direct , in rewarding thepersons giving the

pences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to

or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them

entitled thereto as informer or informers, in respect of such

L

DO

information. penalties or forfeitures so recovered ; any thing herein contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalties not LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

to be recover-

exceeding 20% . such pecuniary penalties , not exceeding twenty pounds, imposed

ablebefore by this act, or any act or acts for granting duties to be assessed

twocommif- under the regulations of this act, may be recoverable before two

fioners, and or more commissioners for executing this act ; and also such of

exceedingthat

also penalties the penalties exceeding twenty pounds as are directed to be

32amount, if added to the assessment of the duties in any parish, ward, or

directed to be place in the district where the offence shall be committed ; and

added to the aflessments . such commissioners shall take cognizance of such offence upon

information or complaint in writing made to them, and upon a

summons to the party accused to appear before the said commissioners at such time and place as they shall fix, or without

such summons, in cafe the party or parties shall have been fur-

charged before the said commissioners, and shall have appealed

against the fame, and shall appear upon such appeal before the

said commissioners; and such commissioners shall examine into

the matter of fact , and proceed to hear and determine the same

in a summary way, and upon proof made thereof , either by

voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath or

solemn affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

or otherwise as the cafe may require, to give judgement for the

Commission- penalty, or for such part thereof to which part thereof the said

ers maymiti- commissioners shall think proper to mitigate, the fame not being

gatepenalties in any cafe less than one moiety of such penalties, and to assess

one moiety

thereof . the fame upon the party, and charge the same in the assessment

to which the penalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in

addition to the duty, in cafe the party shall be charged there-

with ; and which penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like

Informers to manner as the said duties, and the informer or informers shall

receive such in all such cafes ( except where the penalty is to be paid to the

proportion of

the penalties poor of any parith or place, in which cafe the receiver- general

as the com- shall pay the same to the churchwardens or overseers of the

missioners poor of such parish or place, or one of them) be entitled to re-

shall certify to ceive from the receiver-general one moiety of the amount of

the commif . such penalties, in such shares, where two or more of them are

fioners of

taxes. concerned, as the commissioners for executing this act shall

certify to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes they are respectively entitled unto ; and the said adjudication of the commif-

fioners shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes,

Proceedings without power of appealing from the fame; and the proceedings

of commif-

fioners not to

of the commissioners shall not be removeable by any process

be subject to

whatever into any court of law or equity, or be subject to revi-

revision, ex-

fion, except in such cafes where a surcharge shall be made, and

ceptwhere

a case shall be demanded and stated for the opinion of one of the

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 99. 671

The justices or barons of the superior courts, conformably to the cafes have

Hirections contained in any act or acts, granting the duties to been demand.

which such surcharges shall relate . ed, upon a

surcharge, for

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons the opinion

mpon any examination on oath or affirmation shall wilfully give of the judges .

alfe evidence, or make any false oath or affirmation or affidavit, Persons giving

or thall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any matter or before com-

false evidence

hing which shall be false or untrue , before the commissioners missioners ,

For executing this act , or any of them, touching any matter or and convicted

thing within the intent and meaning of this act, or any act or thereof , liable

cts for granting duties to be afsessed under the regulations ofto the punish-

ments for

This act, thall be prosecuted for the fame; every such person or perjury.

persons being convicted thereof , shall be subject and liable to

the fame punishment and disqualifications as persons are subject

and liable to for wilful and corrupt perjury, by the laws and

tatutes of the realm of England.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That any indictment or Indictment

information for perjury committed in any such examination, for perjury to

be tried in the

affidavit, or deposition whereon the same shall be made, shall courts where

and may be laid, tried, and determined in the county where the the deposition

same shall be exhibited to the commissioners in pursuance of hall be exhi-

this act, or the said act or acts before mentioned. bited .

LXVII. And whereas many difficulties and inconveniences bave

arisen to the commissioners, for the time being , acting in the execution

of the several acts relating to the duties under the management of the

commissioners for the affairs of taxes, to be levied by them , and many

like difficulties may arise to the commissioners, for the time being, acting

in the execution of this act, or any other act or alls for granting duties

to be afssessed under the regulations of this act, in levying the duties by

the said acts made payable, upon the death or removal of their re-

Spective clerks, into whose custody all the duplicates of the several books

ofaffefsments, minute books, and other books and papers relating to the

business of the saidfeveral duties, in their respective divisions , have

been delivered ,such clerks so removed, or the executors or adminif-

trators, or legal representatives of such clerk so dying, frequently

refusing to deliver over such duplicates, books, and papers to the said

commissioners for the time being, or to their order or appointment,

under a pretence that the said commissioners have no property in the

Same, and are without remedy for the recovery thereof; be it there-

fore enacted, That all and every the duplicates of the several Books of af-

books of affefsments which have been or shall be made and deli- feffments, and

Vered by the respective assessorss of the said several duties to theall otherbooks

commissioners in any division or place, and papers

or to their respective relative to

clerks for the time being, and which are or hall be in the cuf- the duties,

tody , keeping, or possession of such commissioners or clerks re- declared tobe

spectively, and all minute books, and other publick books and the property

of thecom-

papers relating to the said several duties, in the custody, keeping, missioners of

or possession of any such clerk or clerks, who hath or have been the districts

or shall be removed from such office or offices , or in the custody, for the time

keeping , or possession of the executors, administrators, or other being , and in

legal representatives of any person or persons who hath or have

succession.

died,

672 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 99. [1803. 1803

died, or shall die during his or their holding such office or offices, dewhe

or after his or their removal from the fame, or in the custody, comme

keeping, or possession of his or their respective agent or attorney , text a

or of any other person or persons soever, shall be deemed, and at the

are hereby declared to be the property of the commissioners of attorne

the said several duties, acting in the respective divisions or places , notice

for the time being, and in succession, as records of and belong- confes

ing to them the said commissioners, for their use and inspection, and

and shall be placed and deposited with and remain in the custody, sent,

keeping, and possession of them the said commissioners, or their suit

respective clerks for the time being, or such other person as the batai

said commissioners, or any two or more of them, for the time ts

being, shall from time to time at their meetings order , direct,

or appoint.

mend

Personshaving LXVIII. And be it further enacted , That all and every per- age

any books or fon and persons whatever, now or at any time hereafter, havingin

papers relat-

ing to the his or their custody, keeping, or possession, any suchbooks or papers or

duties, to de- aforesaid, relating to the said several duties in this act mentioned ,

de

liver the same shall, within the space of one calendar month nextafter notice

to suchper-

fons as the

in writing, signed by three or more of the commissioners for the

commissioners affairs of taxes, (a true copy thereof being given to or left at the bett

of taxes shall appoint,

usual place of abode of such person or persons ), deliver and give

up all such books and papers unto such person or persons as the

under the

said commissioners for the affairs of taxes by such notice shall

penalty of sol order and appoint, whose receipt of the fame shall be a good end

and sufficient discharge to such person or persons so delivering

Persons re-

such books and papers ; and if any such person or persons now de

ceiving the

fame to deli-

or at any time hereafter having in his or their custody, keeping,

ver them to

or possession, any such books or papers, shall refuse or neglect to

such of the

deliver the fame within the time limited by such notice, and

commissioners demand made, he or they shall for every such offence forfeit and

for executing pay the fum of fifty pounds ; and all such books and papers shall

this act as

the commif-

be delivered by the person or persons so appointed to such of the

fioners of

taxes shall

commissioners for executing this act, as the said commissioners

for the affairs of taxes shall think proper, for the effectual and

direct.

speedy execution of the powers by this act granted.

Commission- LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

ers employed such commissioner or commissioners, who shall be employed in

in the execu- the execution of this act, or any act or acts for granting duties

tion of this

act not liable to be afssessed under the regulation of this act, shall be liable, for

to the penal-

or by reason of such execution, to any of the penalties mentioned .

ties in the

in an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of King Charles the

25 Car. 2.

Second for preventing of dangers which may happen from

Popish recusants.

Limitation of

actions .

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit

shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing

done in pursuance of this act, or any act for granting duties to

be affefsed under the regulations of this act, such action or suit

hall be commenced within six calendar months next after the

fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the

county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere;

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 99. 673

elsewhere ; and no writ or process shall be fued out for the One month's

commencement of such action or suit , until one calendar month notice of ac.

tion to be

next after notice in writing shall have been delivered to, or left given to the

at the usual place of abode of such person or persons by the party by the

- attorney or agent for the intended plaintiff or plaintiffs , in which attorney for

notice shall be clearly and completely contained the cause and the plaintiff

containing

causes of action, the name and place or places of abode of the certain parti-

intended plaintiff or plaintiffs , and of his or their attorney or culars .

agent, and no evidence shall be given on the trial of such action

or suit of any cause or causes of action, than such as is or are

contained in such notice ; and the intended defendant or defen- Defendant

dants to whom such notice shall have been delivered, may, at any may tender

amends,

time , before the expiration of such calendar month, tender which, if not

amends to the intended plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their attorney accepted, may

or agents, and, in case such amends are not accepted, may plead be pleaded in

such tender in bar to any action or suit , to be brought against bar of action.

him or them, grounded on such notice, writ, or process ; and

the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may Defendant

plead the general ifssue, and also such tender, and any other plea, may plead the

general issue.

with leave of the court, in bar of such action or suit, and may

give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be

had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant in

any such action or suit , or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be

nonsuited , or discontinue his or their action or suit after the

defendant or defendants shall have appeared, and if upon de- Defendant to

costs .

murrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, have treble

the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the

like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other brought

cafe to recover costs by law; and every such action or suit against col-

which shall be brought against any collector or collectors ap- lectors to be

pointed under this act shall be defended by the commissioners defended by

the commi ! -

acting for the division or place where such collector shall have fioners of the

been appointed, and the costs and charges attending the fame, district, and

as also any other action or suit to be brought by or against the costs and

commissioners or collectors, in pursuance of this act , or for any charges at

thing done in pursuance of this act, or any act for granting fame. tending the

fame , and

duties to be affessed under the regulations of this act , shall be also any other

defrayedby an assessment made on the parish or place for which actions to be

such collector or collectors shall have been appointed, in a just brought by or

against com-

proportion to the amount of the duties payable under this act, amissioners or

on the respective persons charged to the same in the affessment collectors, to

to be made next after the time when the said costs and charges be defrayed

shall have been incurred. by an affeff-

menton the

parish.

VOL. XLIV. Xx SCHEDULE

674 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 100. [ 1803. 18

SCHEDULE ( A. )

ررپ

The Form of the OATH required to be taken by Commissioners , before they act in the execution of this

act.

IA. B. do swear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, ;

and honestly, according to the best of my skill and know-

ledge, execute the several powers and authorities reposed in me

as a commissioner, by an act, passed in the forty-third year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act [here insert the

title of this act] , or by any other act or acts , granting to his

Majesty any duties to be affessed under the regulations of the

and

24

said act, and that I will judge and determine upon all appeals,

and all other matters and things which shall be brought before

me as a commissioner under the said acts, or any of them, with - N

out favour or affection .

So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (B. )

The Form of the OATH or AFFIRMATION required

to be taken by Assessors, before they act in execution

of this act.

I A. B. do swear , [ or affirm , as the cafe may require ] , That I

will diligently execute the office of an assessors, to which I am

appointed by authority of an act, passed in the forty-third year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An att [here insert

the title of this act] , and that in the assesiment which I am required to make by any other act or acts, granting to his Majesty

any duties to be assessed under the regulations of the said act , I

will faithfully and honestly act without favour or affection, according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD .

43 Geo. 3 .

c. 50 .

CAP. C.

An act to render more effectual two acts, made in this presentfession of

parliament, for the more speedily completing the militia of Great

Britain, and for raising an additional military forcefor the better

defence of the united kingdom. [July 27 , 1803. ]

WHEREAS by anat made in

HEREAS by an act made in this presentsession of parliament,

speedily completing the militia

of Great Britain, raised under two acts, passed in the forty-

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for amending

the said acts, it is among other things enacted , that every ballotted

man

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 100. 675

man to be enrolled to serve in the militia of Great Britain should,

previous to his enrolment, be examined upon oath before the deputy

lieutenants as to his residence, age , andfamily ; and that if any person

1

** hould refuse to be examined as to his fitness to serve in the militia,

such person might he imprisoned for any time not exceeding one week :

and whereas doubts have arisen upon the true construction of the said

att; be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- Every man

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every ballotted to

ballotted man who shall have been or shall hereafter be ballotted serve in the

to serve in the militia of Great Britain, and who shall have militia of

Great Britain,

refused or shall refuse to be examined upon oath, as directed by who thall be

the said act, and shall have been or shall be imprisoned on ac- imprisoned

count of refusing to be examined as to his fitness to serve in the for refusing to

militia, shall, notwithstanding, be liable to be enrolled to serve be examined

in the said militia, if he shall appear to the deputy lieutenants a asto his fit-

ness to serve,

proper person to be so enrolled, in such and the like manner, shall be liable

and under the like penalties and provisions as are enacted in any to be enrolled

of the militia laws of Great Britain ; any thing in the said act to if he shall ap-

the contrary notwithstanding.

pear a proper

II. And be it further enacted, That no substitute or volunteer person .

No substitute

offered for service in the militia of Great Britain, being of the or volunteer

full height of five feet two inches, who shall be otherwise able five feet two

bodied and fit for service, shall be deemed unfit for service, or inches high

be liable to be discharged on account of his stature. shall be

III. And be it further enacted, That the mayors, jurats, or

deemed unfit .

or other magistrates, for the time being, of each of the cinque Mayors, &c.

of the cinque

ports, two ancient towns, and their liberties, and the several ports, &c.

members thereof , shall and may act as deputy lieutenants for the thall act as

purposes of an act passed in the present session of parliament, deputy lieute-

intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise andnants for the

assemble, in England, an additional military force , for the better purposes of

43 Geo. 3 .

defence andsecurity of the united kingdom , and for the more vigorous c. 82. and

prosecution of the war; and that it shall and may be lawful to the warden

and for the warden of the said cinque ports, two ancient towns, may appoint

any persons

and their members, to appoint any other persons qualified in the qualified

manner directed by an act made in the forty- second year of his according to

present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for amending the laws 42 Geo. 3 .

relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting the militia, c. 90. to act

as such, and

to act in like manner as deputy lieutenants within the fame : may authorise

provided always, that the said warden may , without the concur- the mayors,

rence of any meeting of deputy lieutenants, authorise the said &c . to issue

mayors, jurats , and magistrates, or deputy lieutenants, within ordable

constables tofuch ports, towns, liberties, and members, to issue their orders return lifts of

to the respective constables within the same, to return within a persons liable

limited time , lifts of all persons liable to serve in the army to be to serve in

raised by virtue of the said recited act , for such port, town, the armye

liberty , and member respectively, in the manner required by the recited act,

said recited act, and by the said act of the forty-second year of &c.

the reign of his present Majesty, and may appoint such times as

XX 2 may

676 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 101. [1803.1

may appear to him to be necessary and proper for the returns

and notices to be made and given conformably to the directions

of the said recited act.

Warden, &c .

IV. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the said warden,

at a general meeting, may

and the said mayors, jurats, magistrates, or deputy lieutenants,

20

appoint the

at a general meeting to be holden as soon as may be, after the

number to

said lifts shall have been returned, to appoint the number of men

be raised for

to be raised in pursuance of the said act of this session, for each

each of the

ports, &c.

of the said ports, two ancient towns, and their liberties , and the

ef ter

several members thereof respectively, and the number of men fo

appointed shall be raised, ballotted for, and sworn in, pursuant

to the provisions of the said act.

Π

CAP. CI.

An actfor raising in the city of London, a certain number ofmen as

an addition to the military force of Great Britain, for the better a

defence andfecurity of the united kingdom, and for the more vigo-

rous prosecution of the war. -[July 27, 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a certain number of menshould

be raised as an addition to the military force in Great Britain,

for the more effectual defence andsecurity of the unitedkingdom against

the avowed designs of the enemy, and for the vigorous prosecution of the

war : and whereas the city of London, notwithstanding the exemp-

tions from raising menfor military service contained in their charters ,

नare desirous, and have voluntarily offered to raise eight hundred men,

in addition to and to be corporated with the men to be raised in these-

veral counties in England, under or by virtue of an act passed in the

43Geo. 3..

C.82.

presentfeffion of parliament, intituled , An act to enable his Majesty

more effectually to raise and assemble, in England , an additional

military force, for the better defence and security of the united

kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war : may

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com.

mons, in this present parliament assembled , and by the authority

Commission ers of lieute for

of the fame, That the commissioners of lieutenancy for the city

of London, acting in the execution of the several acts of parliament

London , &c.

authorised to

relating to the trained bands, or militia of the city of London ;

and the mayor, aldermen, and common council of the said city ,

put this act

in execution,

and all constables therein, shall respectively have full power and

and to make

authority, and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required ,

rates for that

to raise and provide the number of men by this act directed to be

purpose .

raised, in such manner as herein- after directed , and to do all acts,

matters , and things necessary for carrying this act into execution,

in like manner, and as fully and effectually as they are respectively

authorised, empowered, or required to carry into execution an

act passed in the thirty- sixth year of the reign of his presentMa-

jesty, intituled, An altfor amending andreducing into one act ofpar-

liament, two several acts, passed in the thirty- fourth and thirty - fifib

XX years

147

Jas

21

{

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 101 . 677

years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the

militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the

trained bands or militia of the said city, or any powers , provisions,

clauses, pains, penalties, and forfeitures contained in any other act

or acts relating to the militia of England in force, in relation to the

said trained bands or militia of the city of London ; and for that

purpose to make rates in the respective wards of the said city, on

the several and respective persons and bodies therein described,

when, and from time to time as often as occasion shall require ,

for effecting the purposes of this act, and levy and cause to be

levied the fame.

II. And be it further enacted, That the number of private Number of

men to be raised by virtue of this act, within the said city ofmen, and the proportions

London , shall be eight hundred, which men shall be raised and tobe raisedby

provided by the several wards of the city, and the liberties and each ward. ,

precincts within the fame, in the proportions following ; that is

to say , by the wards of Aldersgate within and Saint Martins le

Grand twelve men ; Aldersgate without fourteen men ; Aldgate

forty men ; Bassishaw eight men ; Billingsgate twenty- eight men ;

Bishopsgate within twenty-nine men ; Bishopsgate without thirty-

three men; Breadstreet sixteen men ; Bridge seventeen men;

Broad Street thirty -three men ; Candlewick fourteen men ; Castle

Baynard twenty-nine men; Cheap twenty- nine men ; Coleman

dstreet twenty- four men ; Cordwainer fifteen men ; Cornbill twenty-

four men ; Cripplegate within twenty-nine men ; Cripplegatewith-

out twenty-four men ; Dowgate eighteen men ; Farringdon within

fifty-six men ; Farringdon without one hundred and twenty-eight

men ; Langbourn forty- four men ; Lime Street fourteen men; Port-

Soken thirty men; Queenhithe fourteen men ; Tower forty- four men ;

Vintry sixteen men; Walbrook eighteen men.

III . And be it further enacted, That the men required byMen to be

this act to be raised in the said city of London, shall be raised and raised as the

militia of Lon-

provided in the manner by the said recited acts described, in re- don, and acts

lation toproviding any men for the said trained bands or militia relating there--

of the city of London, and for that purpose all the powers, pro- to shallextend

visions, rules , regulations, pains, penalties, forfeitures , bounties, to this, as far

clauses , matters, andthings contained in the said last recited act or as applicable .

other acts aforesaid, shall, so far as the same are applicable, and

are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied and prac-

tifed for the purpose of raising the men directed to be raised by

this act , in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, pains, penalties, forfeitures, bounties,

clauses, matters, and things were again repeated and enacted in

this act. 10

IV. And be it further enacted, That a court or general General meet-

meeting of the commissioners of lieutenancy of the said city ofing of lieute-

London shall be held in the said city of London, within four days nancy thall

issue precepts

after the passing of his act, or as soon after as may be ; and at such for raising the

court or general meeting the commissioners of lieutenancy, or men who shall

suchof them as shall be present at such meeting, shall issue pre- be provided

cepts for the raising such men, in manner in the said act directed, thereafter.

within 28days

and

678 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 101. [1803.I

and such men shall be respectively raised and provided in each fi

ward within twenty- eight days after the issuing of such pre-

cepts.

Lodgers may

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it

be included in shall be lawful for the said aldermen, deputies, and common

tver

s fo

if the

making rates, council in their respective wards, or in their default for the said

and justices may commit commissioners of lieutenancy in making such rates, to include

persons mak- therein such lodgers and inmates in their respective wards as they

ing default in may think proper, regard being had to the abilities of or to the

payment.

rent paid by such lodgers or inmates respectively, and it shall also

ec

be lawful for any justices or justice of the peace in the said city ,

inany cafe in which any rate or penalty for non-payment there-

ofcannot be levied by distress in manner in the said act mentioned,

by reason that no goods and chattels can be found of the person

EXC

ers

liable to pay such rate or penalty, and making default therein ,

whereon the fame can be levied, to commit the person or persons

making such default to any prison of the said city, for any time

not exceeding six months, unless the money so to be levied shall

be sooner paid, and for that purpose to issue all such warrants as

may be necessary, which warrants may, in any case in which any

person having made such default shall have gone out of the city of

London, on being signed by any magistrate or justice having juris - d

ach

re

diction in the place where such person shall be found, be executed

out of the said city, and the person taken on any such warrant so

backed may be taken to the said city, there to remain in prison as

there

if he had been committed therein ; and all constables and other

officers authorised to execute any warrant are hereby authorised

and required to execute the fame accordingly, and all persons

issuing any such warrants of commitment, or signing the same as

V

15

aforesaid, or acting in the execution thereof, shall have all such

indemnities , protections , and privileges in relation to any act,

matter, or thing relating thereto, or any action brought thereon, as

such persons respectively are or may be entitled to in the execution

of any of the powers of any or either of any such acts as aforesaid.

Firstgeneral meeting shall

VI. And, for more effectually enforcing the provisions of this act ,

issueprecepts be it further enacted, That the said commissioners of lieutenancy

to the alder shall at their said first court or general meeting, also issue precepts

men, &c. re- to the aldermen, deputies and common council of the said respective

quiring them wards, requiring them to issue an order to the constables or other

to order constables to re- officers of the said wards respectively to return to the said alder-

turn lifts ofall men, deputies, and common council in their respective wards

persons above fair and true lists in writing, in manner by this act directed of

21 years old the names of all persons above the age of twenty-one years, (ex-

( wives,&c.

excepted), cept wives, daughters, and female servants ), usually or at that

dwellingwith- time dwelling within the said respective wards, together with the

in theirrespec- rank or occupation, and the profeffion, business, or situation of

tive wards . such persons respectively.

Constables to VII. And be it further enacted, That the several constables

give notice in and other officers required to return lifts of persons as aforesaid

0the form in shall , within four days after any such returns shall be required ,

the annexed schedule (A. ) give or leave a written or printed notice in the form in the schedule

1 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 101. 679

schedule to this act annexed, marked (A. ), to or for every occu- to housekeep.

pier of every dwelling-house where any person shall reside in the ers, &c. to

several wards, liberties, precincts, and places for which they act produce lifts containing

as such constables or other officers as aforesaid, in the execution certain parti-

At of this act , or any of the provisions thereof at his or her dwell- culars .

Eating-house, or where such dwelling- house shall be divided into

different stories or apartments , and occupied distinctly by several

Er persons , then to or for the occupier of each distinct story or

tat apartment, to prepare or produce within four days next ensuing

the day of giving such notice, a list in writing to the best of his

or her belief of the christian and surname of each and every per-

fon resident in such dwelling- house or distinct story or apartment

( except the wife, daughters, and female servants of such occu-

piers respectively ), above the age of twenty-one years, together

with the rank or occupation, and the profession, business, or fitua-

tion of every such person so to be named in such lifts as aforesaid ; and every very such occupier shall after such notice so given or left

make out such lift and sign the fame with his or her own name,

and shall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered to

such constable or other officer as aforesaid ; and if any occupier Penalty for

shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such lift as notdelivering

aforesaid, within the time before limitted, or shall omit any person lifts, or for

who ought to have been included therein in pursuance of his act, returns.

making false

Tocd

or knowingly make any false return of any particular required

-1 therein, every such occupier shall for every such offence forfeit

62

and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five

pounds.

VIII . And be it further enacted, That the constables or other

Constables to

officers of the said wards shall, within four days after having de-

make out lifts

101 livered such notices as aforesaid, make out a fair and true lift in

in the form in

schedule ( B. )

Writing, according to the form in the schedule to this act annexed, of certain per-

marked (B.), of the names of all the persons above the age of fons and par-

twenty- one years, usually or at that time dwelling within the ticulars.

said respective wards or places for which they thall respectively act

se

Top 10 sons

in the execution of this act, ( except wives, daughters, and female anal

servants) , as well of those who have not made any return , or been

returned in purfsuance of such notices as aforesaid, as those who

shall have made such returns, or been returned in pursuance

ber

thereof , distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations,

and also their respective professions, business , or situations, and

those who have made returns to such notices from those who

have neglected to make such returns , and where the true names

Fenia od

of such persons cannot be obtained, the common appellation of

of asonsr

such person shall be sufficient.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall, Penalties for

by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof, or by any in- endeavouring

demnification, or by menaces, or otherwise, endeavour to prevail constables to

onany constable or other officer to make a false return in any list make false re-

for anyward, or to erase or leave out of any such lift the name of turns, or re-

any person who ought to be included therein, every such person fufing to tell

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds ;

names.

680 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 101. [1803.

pounds; and if any person shall refuse to tell his christian and fur-

name, or shall falsely tell a christian or furname, pretending

the same to be his true christian or furname , or shall refuse to tell

the christian or furname of any man lodging or residing within

his or her house, or shall knowingly tell any false name, pretend-

ing it to be the true name of any such person, to any constable or

other officer authorised by this act to demand the fame, every

such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds .

Aldermen,

&c. may require the at-

tendance of

constables .

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

alderman, deputy, and common council of the said wards, or any

two or more of them, from time to time to issue their order, requiring the attendance of any constable or other officer of such

ward at such time and place as in such order shall be expressed;

Penalty on constables

and if any such constable or other officer shall refuse or neglect

to return any such list as before directed , or to comply with such

neglecting to

orders and directions as he shall from time to time receive from

or

making false the said alderman, deputy, and common council, or any two or

returns, &c.

more of them, in pursuance of this act , or shall in making such

return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect

in his duty, the said alderman, or any other alderman of the said

city, is and are hereby empowered and required to commit the

person so offending to any prison within the said city, there to be

kept, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month , or

at his or their discretion to fine such person in any fum not exceeding twenty pounds nor less than forty shillings.

Noman shall

XI . And be it further enacted, That no man shall be ap-

be enrolled till

proved or enrolled under this act, until he shall have been care-

examined by

fully examined by some surgeon of competent skill, and shall have

afurgeon.

been declared and reported by such surgeon to be neither rup-

tured, lame, maimed, nor afflicted with any disorder that may

render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit

for service ; and the commissioners oflieutenancy shall in all cases ,

before they proceed to enrol any man, cause such examination to

Theattend-

be carefully made ; and it shall be lawful for the said commif-

ance of cer-

fioners, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require

tain surgeons mayberc-

the attendance of any surgeon or assistant surgeon of any regiment,

quired.

battalion, or corps of his Majesty's regulars or militia , or any

surgeon or assistant surgeon or mate in any military hospital, or

any surgeon or mate of the staff of the forces, if any such medi-

cal officer is within a reasonable distance and can conveniently

be had, or otherwise to require the attendance of any compe-

Allowance to

tent surgeon for that purpose, and a reasonable allowance not ex-

bemade to

ceeding two shilllings and sixpence for every man so examined

surgeons for attendance .

shall be made to the surgeon performing such examination, out of

any rates raised under this act for the purpose thereof , to be paid

to the surgeon making such examination, on the certificate of

any commissioner or commissioners aforesaid, present when such

examination shall be made.

Men shall be

XII . And be it further enacted, That every man enrolled

liable to serve, under this act, shall be liable to serve in any part of Great Britain

or

d

10

in

of

Σ

Fr

A

De

2

(

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 101 . 681

or Ireland , or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, and not within certain

elsewhere, and shall take the following oath; that is to say, Jimits, and

shall take the

following

A. B. do sincerely swear, That I will be faithful and bear true oath;

that willbe t

will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland, or

in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the defence

- of the fame, for the period of five years , and further until fix

months after the ratification of a definitive treaty ofpeace with

France, unless I shall be sooner discharged .'

And every person enrolled under this act shall, before such enrol

and shall be

ment, be examined upon oath before any two or more of the

examined as to

their fitness,

commissioners aforesaid as to his fitness to serve, and other cir- and take an

cumstances; and the oath to be administered to him shall be in oath to the

the words or to the effect following ; that is to fay,

following effect.

A. B. do swear, That I have no rupture, nor ever was trou-

bled with fits, and am in no way disabled by lameness or

otherwise , but have the perfect use of my limbs, and that I am

not a feaman or seafaring man, and that I do not belong to his

72 Majesty's navy , army, or marines, nor to the militia.'

neD

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty Majesty

his Majesty to appoint the times and places for the assembling of may appoint

the men raised and provided in the city of London, and enrolled times and

places for af-

vete

under this act ; and also to appoint and fend proper officers and fembling the

non-commissioned officers to receive such men, notice whereof men, and may

shall be transmitted by his Majesty's secretary at war to the lord sendofficers to

mayor of the said city of London for that purpose. receive them.

de

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty

his Majesty to cause the men raised in the said city of London , maycause the

mento be

and enrolled under this act , to be placed in such of the existing placed in ex-

regiments, battalions, or corps, or formed into such new regi- ifting corps,

ments, battalions, or corps, as his Majesty hall judge necessary ; or formed into

and it shall also be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such officers new ones, and

ЛЕ

and non-commissioned officers to command and discipline such appoint offi-

cers to commen as his Majesty shall think fit ; and every such officer and mandanddif-

every non-commissioned officer and drummer, in any such regi- cipline them,

ment, battalion, or corps, and every such private man, from the and the offi-

2013

10

time of his enrolment respectively, shall be subject to all the pro- cers

and mer

visions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties, as well pains of ject to the

death as others, as are or may be contained in any act of parlia- mutiny laws .

ment then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the

Betterpayment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of

war made in pursuance thereof ; and all the provisions, powers ,

authorities , pains, penalties , and forfeitures, as well pains ofdeath

as others, contained in every such act and articles of war, shall be

in force with respect to the men to be raised by virtue of this act,

and shall extend to all such men , in all cases whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions,

Powers of re-

rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures , bounties, clauses, mat-

cited act re-lating to the

ters,

682 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 101. [ 1803 .

service of the ters , and things contained in the said recited act, passed in this

corpsin which the

present session of parliament, so far as the same relate to any re-

menmay be giment , battalion, or corps in which any men raised under the

placed ,tofup- said act may be placed, not being fent out of Great Britain, Ire-

plying vacan- land, or the islands of ferfey, Guernsey, or Alderney ; and as to

cies, to pro-

cidingfor fa . supplying any vacancies arising in the men raised under the said

milies, and to act, by death or desertion ; or relating to the providing for the

discharging families of any men raised and enrolled to serve under the said

men enlisting act ; or to the discharging men for the purpose of their enlisting

for general service , shall

into general service, shall, so far as the same are or can be made

extend to this

applicable, be applied and practised as to the men directed to be

act.

raised by this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said

powers, provisions, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, for-

feitures, bounties , clauses, matters, and things , were again re-

Clerk to the

peated and re-enacted in this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the clerk to the court

courtoflieu

tenancy, &c .

of lieutenancy of the said city, and all other officers and persons

toberewarded

whatever who shall execute the provisions of this act to the fatis-

for his trou-

faction of the said court of lieutenancy shall for their services re-

ble.

spectively receive such rewards for their pains and trouble therein

as the said court oflieutenancy shall think reasonable and proper,

and shall certify under their hands ; and such respective rewards

shall, on the production of such certificate so signed as aforesaid

to the receiver-general of the land-tax of the said city, be paid

out of any publick monies in his hands, and be allowed in his

accounts.

Act not to .

prejudice the

rights of the

city .

XVII. And, in order that the rights and privileges of the city of

London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this act ,

or any thing herein contained , shall not diminish or be preju-

dicial to the rights , privileges, immunities, and exemptions to

which the mayor, and commonalty, and citizens of the city of

London, or the freemen citizens or inhabitants of the said city, or

the suburbs and liberties of the fame , or of all privileged places

within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liber-

ties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, or usage, but the said mayor, and commonalty,

and citizens , and freemen citizens and inhabitants of the said

city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said

rights , liberties , usages, customs, privileges, immunities, and

exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if this

act had not been made.

Act maybe

altered or repealed this

session.

Publick act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this

act, or any of the provisions thereof may be altered, varied, or

repealed by any act or acts to be made in the present seffion of

parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed

and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice

of as such, by all judges , justices , and other persons whomsoever,

without specially pleading the fame.

SCHE-

To

the

be

CD

b

be

20

te

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 101. 683

2

Grack

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers

SCHEDULE (A. )

Ve

en di

bere

be

To

- Takenotice that you are hereby required within fourdays from

the date hereof to prepare or produce a list in writing, to the

best of your belief , of the christian and furname of each and every

person resident in your dwelling-house, above the age of twenty-

one years ( except your wife, daughters, and female servants),

together with the rank or occupation, and also the profeffion,

business, or situation of every such person so to be named in such

lifts ; and you are to sign such lifts with your own name,

and deliver or cause the same to be delivered to me. Dated

the one thousand eight

day of

hundred and

A. B Constable of

id cry

Tha Descriptions. Names of Persons . Profession, Business, or

Situation .

a

Housekeeper. A. B. Grocer.

Lodger. C. D. Stock-broker.

Inmate, E. F. Gentleman.

Servant. G. H. Clerk.

22

N. B. If a house is divided into distinct stories or apartments,

occupied distinctly, each distinct occupier is required to make

this return .

Neglect of compliance with this notice will subject the party

to the penalty of ten pounds .

A. B. Constable of

684 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 101. [1803 .

SCHEDULE ( B.)

A

WARD

The LIST made pursuant to the directions ofan act, passed in

the forty-third year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the title of this act] .

W

tom

Names returned. Rank or Occupation. Profession, Business, or

Situation. 0

CO

Π

Names of those not re-

Rank or Occupation,

turned, or common Appellations.

if known. Profession, Business, or

Situation , if known.

A. B. Constable.

1 1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 102. 685

CAP. CII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty thousand pounds,

towards defraying the expence of making an inland navigation from the

Eastern to the Western fea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for

taking the necessary steps towards executing the fame. -[ July 27, 1803.1

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the

united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in parliament assembled ,

having granted to your Majesty the fum of twenty thousand pounds

towards forming an inland navigation from the Eastern to the Western

sea, by or near Inverness and Fort William, in that part of the said

united kingdom called Scotland ; which navigation, when completed,

will enable ships and vessels ofconfiderable burthen, trading between the

eastern and western coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Gerinan

Ocean , to avoid a long and dangerous navigation round the northern

coasts of Scotland. Twenty thousand pounds to be issued to commif-

fioners. Meetings of commissioners at London or Westminster. Commissioners may pay salaries to clerks and officers . Commissioners to

enter their proceedings, and report to parliament. That towards forming

the said inland navigation, it shall and may be lawful for the said commif-

fioners to construct one harbour in Loch Beauly, near to the town of

Inverness, a little way to the east of Ferry Pier, opposite to the place

where vessels now come to anchor, and such numbers of docks and basons

connected therewith, not exceeding four, as the said commissioners small

direct, and of such depth as shall be found necessary, and of such dimen-

fions as the said commissioners shall order and appoint; and another

harbour to the west of Fort William, at the mouth of the river Lochie,

and to the east of the small islands which are situated in Lochiel, and such

number of docks or basons connected therewith, not exceeding four, as

the said commissioners shall direct, and of such depth as shall be found

necessary, and of such dimensions as the said commissioners shall order

and appoint; which harbours will form the entrances to the said navigation , when completed, at each extremity thereof ; and the said docks or

basons will contain the vessels which will pass along the said navigation ,

until they enter the fea through the said harbours . Commissioners may

fix the line of the navigation and contract for the purchase of lands

necessary for the fame. Bodies politick empowered to contract for the

sale and conveyance of lands . Act not to compel persons to fell their

lands. Commissioners may fet out lands necessary for constructing the

harbours . Contracts and sales to be defrayed out of the monies hereby

granted. Satisfaction to be made for lands. If parties cannot agree,

price to be fettled by a jury. Expences ofwitnesses and jury by whom to

be paid . Persons requesting juries to enter into bonds to prosecute.

Notice of injury to be given to the commissioners before complaint made

to the sheriff. Verdict as to value oflands, and damages, to be ascertained

separately. Power to enter and take possession of lands, &c. on payment

or tender of purchase money. Verdicts to be recorded. Application of

compensationmoney amounting to 2001. or under. Where any question

shall arise touching the title to money to be paid, the person in possession

of the lands at thetime of the purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto.

The court may order reasonable expences of purchases to be paid by the

commissioners. Commissioners authorised to levy rates and duties .

Commissioners may lease the rates and duties. Masters of British vessels

to produce certificates of registry, and masters of foreign vessels to give an

account of tonnage. What quantities of timber and light goods thall be

deemed a ton. In case ofdifference concerning the weight collector may

weigh them . Farther allowance to the commissioners for goods remaining

upon their wharfs a certain time. Harbours , &c . to be free upon payment

of rates. Application of rates . Commissioners may make bye laws .

Penalty for throwing ballast into the harbours or damaging the works .

Recovery of fines and forfeitures Persons aggrieved may appeal to the

quarter sessions , Limitation of actions ,

CAP.

686 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 103. [1803.1

CAP. CIII .

An act to permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoused in the

united kingdom without payment of duties, under certain restrictions,

for a limited time. -[July 27, 1803. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Portugal wine to be ware- 012

housed for a limited time, and under certain regulations,

the importation thereof ; be it therefore enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

Portugal wine the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this present

imported after parliament afsembled, and by the authority of the same, That

June 15, 1803, all such Portugal wine as shall be imported into the united king-

directly from Portugal, in dom , from and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand

British thips eight hundred and three, directly from Portugal in British ships,

or vessels be- or vessels belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity

longing to with his Majesty, however the fame may be navigated, or in

persons of any

state inamity vessels authorised by any order of his Majesty in council for that

with bis Ma- purpose, or from the islands of Guernsey or Fersey in British ships

jesty , or au-

or vessels, into such ports in the united kingdom as are men-

thorisedby

order in

tioned and enumerated in this act, may, upon the entry thereof

council, or being first duly made with the proper officers of the customs and

from Guern- excise, be landed from on board the ship or vessel in which the

sey or Jersey, same shall be imported, and deposited in such warehouse or

into ports enumerated in

warehouses as shall from time to time be for that purpose pro-

this act, may vided at the charge of the respective importer or importers, or

be landed and proprietor or proprietors, of such wine, before the payment of

warehoused, any duty, either of customs or excise, thereon, under and subject

before pay-

to the conditions , regulations , and restrictions, in this act con-

ment of any

tained.

duty.

Warehouses

II . And be it further enacted, That every such warehouse

shall be ap-

shall be approved of by the respective commissioners of the

proved by the

customs and excise in England , Scotland , and Ireland, if in London,

customs and

excise, and

Leith, or Dublin, and if in any other port or place, then by the

bonds in

proper collector and comptroller of the customs, and collectors

double the

and supervisors of excise at such port or place ; and sufficient

duties given

bonds or security, in double the value of the duties of customs

forpayment therefore payable on the importation of such wine in British-built ships or

the wine is

vessels, shall be given to the collectors of the customs, and the

removed, and like bond or security, in double the value of the duty of excise,

within two

to the proper officers of excise, who shall be appointed or em-

years after landing .

ployed to take the same in his Majesty's name ; which bonds or

securities such collectors and officers respectively are hereby

empowered and required to take, that all and every the duties of

customs and excise respectively, to which such wine is or may

be subject and liable, shall be duly paid before the same shall be

taken from or removed out of any such warehouse, and within

two years after the time the same shall be so landed and deposited

in any such warehouse as aforesaid ; and in case the same shall

not be taken from or removed out of such warehouse within such

two years, then that the said duties shall be duly paid at the end

of

이

gau

120

bou

tat

cm

L

R

Dr

DOD

of

of

the

of

G

00

t

-1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 103. 687

of such two years ; such duties to be computed according to the

gauge of such wine, to be taken at the time the same shall be fo

landed and put into such warehouses as aforesaid.

III . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No wines to

belanded ,

wines shall be landed, without payment of duties, or be ware- without pay-

housed under the authority of this act, except at one of the ment ofduty,

under-mentioned ports, ( that is to say), London, Liverpool, Lan- except at cer-

caster, Bristol , Hull, Chester, Colchester, Exeter, Plymouth, South- tainports, nor

ampton, Weymouth, Gloucester, Poole, Portsmouth, Great Yarmouth, any allowed

benefit of

Lynn, Dover, Newcastle, Falmouth, Dartmouth, Ipswich, Newhaven , this act, which

Rochester, Leith, Aberdeen, Greenock, Port Glasgow, Dublin, shall not ar-

Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast , Galway , Limerick, London- rive before

Nov. 10, 1803.

derry, Cork, Waterford , Sligo, New Ross, Youghall, or Wexford; unless itbe

nor shall any importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors made appear

of any such wine, which shall not arrive at the port of importa- that it was

2 tion in Great Britain or Ireland respectively before the tenth day shippedinPor-

of November one thousand eight hundred and three, be allowed tugal before

Oct. 15, 1803 .

the benefit of this act , or be permitted to land and warehouse anditbe land-

his or their wine, before payment of the duties, unless the im- ed before Jan.

#porter or importers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof , shall 4 , 1804, in

ناث

make it appear to the satisfaction of the respective commissioners the quantities

herein men-

of the customs in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, as tioned .

✔ the cafe may be, that the wine which shall be entered for or

proposed to be warehoused under the authority of this act, was

actually and bonâ fide shipped in Portugal for importation into

Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the fifteenth day of October

one thousand eight hundred and three, nor unless such importer

or importers, or proprietor or proprietors shall actually land and

deposit, before the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, and in one or more warehouse or warehouses

approved as aforesaid, either in London, or at one of the before

enumerated ports, the quantities of wine herein - after mentioned ,

that is to say ; if in London not less than fifty pipes or reputed

pipes of Portugal red wine, or fifteen pipes or reputed pipes of

Portugal white wine, or if at any one of the other before enu-

merated ports, (except the ports of that part of the united king-

dom called Ireland), not less than twenty- five pipes of Portugal

red wine, or ten pipes or reputed pipes of Portugal white wine.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Provision

made for

and may be lawful for his Majesty, by order in council , to be lodging and

published in the London Gazette, to allow, in case it shall be securing wine

deemed expedient, any wine imported as aforesaid, to be lodged at any other

and secured under the conditions of this act at any port in this port than

those enume-

kingdom, other than those herein enumerated ; and such wine rated .

shall be in every respect subject to the same rules , regulations,

and restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, as if the fame had been

imported into any port enumerated in this act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shallBut less than

the specified

be lawful for any such importer or importers, proprietor or pro- quantities of

prietors of any such wine, to import and deposit in any such wine may be

warehouse, any less quantities than are by this act specified as deposited ,

theprovided the

i

688 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 103. [1803.

whole be de- the quantities to be deposited by the same person, provided that

positedwithin the whole quantity required by this act shall be deposited pur-

the time

limitedfor

fuant to the provisions of this act, within the period limited by

importation, this act for the importation of such wine : provided also, that in

otherwise it

cafe the whole quantity required by this act shall not be deposited

maybe fold payment

by any such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors,

of the duties.

before such period as aforesaid, then and in such case the full

duties of customs and excise, payable on such wine, shall be

immediately payable and paid; and in cafe ofnon- payment of

such respective duties, the respective commissioners of customs

and excise are hereby authorised to fell all such wine, and apply

the produce of such sale in like manner as by this act directed ,

with respect to wine that shall remain in any warehouse the full

time allowed by this act ; any thing in this act or any other act

to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Vessels arriv-

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel has

ing with wine arrived, or shail arrive at any port in Great Britain or Ireland ,

at a port not not in this act enumerated , the said ship or vessel may lawfully

herein enu-

merated , may depart from such port without molestation or hindrance, with

removetoone, any wine on board intended to be warehoused under the regu-

and there land lations of this act , and carry the same to any port or place men-

it .

tioned and enumerated in this act, and there enter, land , and

deliver any such wine, under and subject to the provisions,

regulations, and restrictions of this act.

Beforeany

VII. And be it further enacted, That before any pipe or cask

cask ofwine

of wine shall be put or deposited in any such warehouse as afore-

iswarehoused,

the number

said, the number and full content thereof shall, at the charge of

and content

the importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors thereof ,

shall be cut

be cut in the head of every such pipe or cask, under the inspection

in the head. and according to the direction of the proper officers of the

customs and excise respectively.

Act not to al-

VIII . Provided always, That nothing in this act contained

ter the duties

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or in anywise

ofpackage,

&c.

alter the duties of package, scavage, balliage, or portage, or any

other duties payable to the mayor, and commonalty and citizens

of the city of London, or to the lord mayor of the said city for

the time being, or to any other city or town corporate, within

the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywise alter the

prisage of wines, the duty called Butlerage , or to any special

privelege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies

politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law , but the fame

Warehouses

shall be continued as heretofore .

to be secured

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such warehouse

under the

shall be secured under the joint locks of the proprietor or occu-

joint locks of pier thereof , and of the proper officer of excise, if in Great

the proprietor Britain, or other proper officer if in Ireland; and thatwhen and so

and the proper

officer , and often as the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors of any

may be enter- such wine, shall have occasion or be desirous to examine the

edinto ,onno- state of any such wine, or to rack the fame, or perform any

tice to the

proper officer, other lawful operation thereon, such importer or importers, pro-

between cer- prietor or proprietors, upon giving twelve hours notice in

tain hours. writing

19

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 103. 689

writing to the proper officer of excise, if in Great Britain, or

other proper officer, if in Ireland , specifying the particular ware-

house, and the purpose for which he desires to enter the same ,

shall be at liberty, either by himself or any known servants or

agents, to enter into any such warehouse, and to examine, or

rack or perform any other lawful operation on such wine : provided, that no person whatever shall enter or remain in any such

warehouse, except between the hours of eight in the forenoon

and four in the afternoon, and except in the presence of the

proper officer of excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper

officer, if in Ireland; and such officer, upon receiving such notice

21

as aforesaid, is hereby required to open such warehouse, and

She attend the examination, racking, or other operation to be

performed upon such wine accordingly: provided not more Not more than

than one warehouse belonging to any such importer or im- onewarehouse

porters, or proprietor or proprietors, be opened at one and the belonging to

anyproprietor

fame time; any thing herein to the contrary in anywise not- to be opened

withstanding.

atthe fame

1. X. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any wine shall, time.

in any such warehouse as aforesaid, have been racked or drawn As soon as any

off from one pipe or cask into any other pipe or cask, the proper such wineshall

officer of excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper officer, if in be drawn off

Ireland , shall immediately proceed to gauge, ascertain, and take cask, the

into another

account of the content of every such pipe or cask, and of the officer shall

quantity of wine contained in the same; and the importer or take an ac-

importers, or proprietor or proprietors of such wine, shall there- count of the

upon cut, or cause the number and content thereof to be cut , in content , and

theproprie-

the head of every such pipe or cask, under the inspection, and tors shall cut

according to the direction of such officer. the number

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful and content

Es to and for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors in the head.

of any wine so put ordeposited in any such warehouse as afore- Casks ofwine

said, at any time before payment of duty for the fame, to cause maybe filled

upfrom any

- any ullage pipe, or cask of wine, to be filled up in the presence other of the

of the proper officer of excise , if in Great Britain, or other fame kind of

proper officer, if in Ireland, from any other pipe or cask of the wine in pre-

fence of the

same species of wine which shall be then remaining in such proper officer.

warehouse.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Foreign bran-

lawful for the importer or importers, or proprietor or proprietors dy for pre-

of any such wine so warehoused as aforesaid , to lodge and deposit serving wine,

in any such warehouse, at any time or times, such quantity ofmaybe depo-

in ware-

foreign brandy as shall be deemed necessary to preserve or im- houses with it ,

✓ prove the wine deposited therein, not exceeding in the whole in certain

the proportion of eight gallons of such brandy for each and quantities, if

d be accompanied

every pipe or reputed pipe of wine that shall be put or deposited accompanied withapermit,

in such warehouse : provided always , that all such brandy shalland of cer

with a

regular and authentic excise permit, and tain degree of

that the fame shall not be of any lower degree of strength than strength .

that of one to fifteen over hydrometer proof.

VOL. XLIV. YY XIII. And

690 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 103. [1803 .

Acertain por- XIII . And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

tion of such lawful for the importer or importers , or proprietor or proprietors

brandymay

bemixedwith of any such wine so deposited in any such warehouse or ware.

warehoused wine , inpre-

houses as aforesaid, at any time during which the said wine may

lawfully remain in any such warehouse , without payınent of the

fence of the

officer.

duty thereon, to mix a certain portion of such brandy as aforesaid therewith, not exceeding eight gallons of such brandy to

each pipe or reputed pipe of such wine: provided always, that

such mixture be made in the presence, and taken account of

by the proper officer of excise, if in Great Britain, or other

proper officer, if in Ireland .

Noware-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons

housedwine

to be taken

whatever shall be permitted to receive, remove, or take out of

out, except in any such warehouse or warehouses, except in that part of the

Ireland , in less united kingdom called Ireland , any less quantity than ten pipes,

quantity than or reputed pipes, of such wine at any one time , save and except

tenpipes. such quantity as may happen to remain in any such warehouse

to be last delivered ; in which case it shall and may be lawful for

any person, being legally entitled to the same , to receive, remove,

or take the fame from or out of any such warehouse, although

the quantity thereof should not, in the whole, be equal to ten

pipes, or reputed pipes .

Duties to be XV. And be it further enacted, That the duties for all wine ,

paidaccording warehoused under the authority of this act, shall be computed

tity to the quanut and paid according to the quantity delivered or taken away from

of warehouses; any such warehouse, without any deduction or abatement for or

andout of the in respect of any brandy which may or shall have been mixed

duties on the with any such wine, or for or in respect of any sediment, lees,

last quantity , bottoms, or dregs of wine or otherwise ; ; any thing in this act to

adeduction

shall be made the contrary in anywise notwithstanding : provided always, that,

equal to the out of the duties of customs and excise for the last quantity of

quantity of wine which shall remain to be delivered from or out of any such

brandy mixed

with the

warehouse, there shall be deducted the duties on so many gallons

whole.

of wine as shall be equal to the quantity of brandy taken account of by the proper officer as having been mixed in his pre-

fence with the whole quantity of wine, which, under the authority

and direction, and according to the regulations of this act, shall

have been put or deposited in any such warehouse, and mixed

with such wine as aforesaid.

Commission-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if , on clearing any

ers of customs such warehouse as aforesaid, it shall appear to the commissioners

and excise

may allow the of customs and excise respectively, from the returns or reports

amount of of the officers of excise, that by unavoidable leekage and waste,

duties for the and by sediment, lees , bottoms , or dregs of wine, for which the

deficiency , by importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors shall refuse or

re-

fuseddregs, decline to pay the duties, there is an actual deficiency of the

of the quanti- quantity of wine deposited in any such warehouse, according to

tyof wine the guage of the respective officers on the landing and at the

warehoused, time of depositing the wine in such warehouse, adding to such

not exceeding

acertain pro . gauged quantity and including therewith the quantity of brandy

portion . actually and bonâ fide mixed with such wine as aforesaid ; that

then

L

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 103. 691

then and in every such cafe the respective commissioners ofcuf-

toms and excise shall and they are hereby empowered and required to set off or allow to the importer or importers, or pro-

2

prietor or proprietors of such wine, a sum equal to the amount

of the duties of customs and excise respectively, for the deficiency:

provided always, that no allowance shall be made beyond the

deficiency which shall have actually and unavoidably happened

or occurred through leekage or waste and refused sediment, lees ,

bottoms, or dregs of wine ; nor shall any allowance be made on

account of leekage, waste, or refused sediment, lees, bottoms , or

dregs of wine, beyond or exceeding the proportion of five gal-

lons in every one hundred and forty gallons of the whole quan-

tity of wine, computed upon the officer's gauge, that shall have

been put or deposited in any such warehouse as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any refused sedi- Ifrefused

sment, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine, shall remain in any such dregs thall re-

after all

twarehouse, after all the duties chargeable for the wine shall be duties are

12) paid, or after the expiration of two years, from the time such paid, or after

wine shall have been put or deposited in such warehouse, then two years

from ware.

and in such case it shall be lawful for the commissioners ofex- housing the

cise , and they are hereby required and directed to cause all such wine, they

sediment , lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine to be forthwith thrown maybede-

away and entirelydestroyed. stroyed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the importer Importers to

1 or importers, or proprietor or proprietors of any wine deposited give a writtent

entry of cer-

in any such warehouse as aforesaid, shall be desirous of paying tain particu-

the duties on such wine, he or they shall give to the collectors lars to the

of the customs and excise respectively, an entry in writing, spe- collectors of

cifying the number of the pipes or casks, and number of , and the customs and excise, of

also the quantity of wine contained in each, for which he or the wine for

they shall intend or propose to pay the duties ; and every such which the

entry, before presented to the said collectors respectively, shall be duties are

countersigned by the proper officer of excise, if in Great Britain, proposed tobe

paid ,which

or other proper officer if in Ireland , who shall be appointed or thall be pre-

employed to attend the warehouse in which the wine for which viously coun

the duty shall be proposed to be paid shall be put or deposited; tersigned by

and thereupon the respective collectors aforesaid shall compute the officer at-

and receive the duties respectively, and shall, without fee or re- tending the

ward, severally grant and give to the importer or importers, and the col-

proprietor or proprietors of such wine, a warrant expressing the lectors shall

numbers of the pipes or cafks of wine, and the quantity of wine grant a war-

contained in each, and in the whole, for which the full duties rant for the

Thall have been paid; and upon the production of such war- which the quantity for

rants, the proper officer of excise, if in Great Britain, or other duties shall

proper officer, if in Ireland , having charge of the warehouse in be paid, on

which the wine specified in such warrants shall be lodged or de production of

which aper-

posited, shall suffer and allow the same to be delivered and taken mit shall be

away; and the proper officer of excise, if in Great Britain, or granted.

other proper officer, if in Ireland , shall also give and grant to

if

the person or persons entitled to take away and receive such

wine, a regular and authentic permit for the fame.

YY2 XIX. And

692 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c . 103. [ 1803 . 1

Officers, on

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the proper officers of

giving one

hour's notice,

the customs and excise shall , at all times, upon giving one hour's

20

mayat any

notice to the proprietor or occupier of any such warehouse, be

timetake an

permitted to have free access and entry into the fame , and shall

account of

also be permitted to examine, guage, and take account of the

Cothe &c.

inwarehouse, wine, brandy, or other articles or commodities therein .

Penalty of

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

2001. for open- sons whatsoever shall wilfully open, break, force, or damage any

ing locks , lock or locks, or other fastenings to or upon any such warehouse

clandestinely as aforesaid, or shall clandestinely or privately enter or gain

entering admittance into any such warehouse, contrary to the directions

warehouses, embezzling and the true intent and meaning of this act, or without notice

wine or bran- to and without the consent and presence of the proper officer of

dy, or concealingany

excise, if in Great Britain, or other proper officer, if in Ireland;

or if any person or persons whatsoever shall privately or fraudu-

water, &c.

lently embezzle, hide, conceal, remove, carry, or convey away

any wine or brandy put or deposited in any such warehouse , or

shall carry or convey into or conceal in any such warehouse any

water or other liquor whatsoever, such brandy as aforesaid excepted, every person or persons so offending shall, for each and

7

every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

Wine remain.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all wine, not being

ing more than

actual sediment, lees, bottoms, or dregs of wine, which shall be

twoyears in warehouses

remaining in any warehouse, after the end and expiration of two

hall be fold, years from the day on which the same shall have been first put

and the pro- and deposited therein, shall, under the direction of the commif-

ceeds applied fioners of excise, be publickly fold to the best bidder, for and

as herein

directed; and towards defraying the duties, costs, and charges ; and the pro-

ifinsufficient ceeds of such sale shall be applied and paid as follows ; that is to

to satisfy the say, out of such proceeds there shall be first paid the costs and

duties, &c .

charges attending the custody and sale of the said wine ; secondly,

the deficiency denciency out of the said proceeds shall be paid to the respective collectors

shall be paid

by the im- of customs so much money as will be sufficient to satisfy the

porter or custom duties for and in respect of such wine ; and thirdly, out

proprietor of of the said proceeds shall be paid to the respective collectors of

thewine.

excise so much money as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise

duties for and in respect of such wine; and lastly , the overplus

(if any be) shall be paid to the importer or importers, or pro-

prietor or proprietors of such wine; but if the proceeds of the

sale of such wine shall not, in each and every cafe, be sufficient

to satisfy the duties, both of customs and excise, and also the

costs and charges of the custody and sale thereof , then and in

such case the amount of such deficiency shall be satisfied and

paid by the importer or importers , proprietor or proprietors of

such wine.

The commif- XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

fioners of the lawful to and for the commissioners of the customs and excise

customs and

excisemay respectively, in England , Scotland , and Ireland respectively, to

forbear to put forbear, if they shall see cause so to do, to put in suit any bond

bonds in suit. by this act directed to be given or entered into, upon such terms

and

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 105. 693

and conditions as to the said respective commissioners shall seem

meet.

Π

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty of

counterfeit, forge, or alter, or cause to be counterfeited, forged, sool for

For altered, any entry, warrant, or permit, in any cafe in which forging or

altering any

an entry, warrant, or permit is by this act required to be used , warrant or

given, or granted, every person so offending shall forfeit five permit.

hundred pounds .

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Penalty of

sons whatsoever shall resist , oppose, molest, hinder, or obstruct 2001. for

any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in the due ex- obstructing

officers in the

ecution of this act, every such person or persons so offending execution of

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred this act .

pounds .

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all fines , penalties, Recovery and

and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, application of

levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods as any penalties .

fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or

mitigated by any law or laws of excise now in force in Great

Britain and Ireland respectively, or by action of debt, bill, plaint,

or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the court of exchequer, in Scotland respectively ; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or

forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and

the other moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or

sue for the fame.

CAP. CIV.

An act to rectify a mistake in an act made in this present session of

parliament, intituled, An act for enlarging the period for the payment

of part of certain fums of money advanced by way ofloan to several

persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and

Saint Vincent .-[ July 27, 1803. ]

CAP. CV.

An act to permit the exportation, for two years, ofa certain quantity

ofcorn , grain, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, or pulse , to the islands of

Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other ports in England

as well as the port of Southampton, under certain restrictions.

-[ July 27, 1803. ]

WHEREAS HEREAS by an act, passed in the thirty- first year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for regula- 31 Geo. 3.

ting the importation andexportation of corn, and the payment of c. 30.

the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British

corn exported, nine thousand eight hundred quarters of wheat,

wheat meal, orflour, rye, barley, or bread, biscuit, or pease , were allowed to be exported to the islands ofGuernsey, Jersey, and Alder-

ney, for the use of the inhabitants thereof , the exportation whereof

was confined to the port of Southampton only : and whereas it will

greatly tend to the more regularsupply of the said islands if the exportation

694 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 105. [ 1803 .

portation of such corn, grain, meal, flour, or bread, was permitted

to be made from other ports ; and it is defirable also that the permif-

fionshould extend to beans and oats : may it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted, by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

Thequantity same, That, from and after the passing of this act , and during

ofwheat, &c. the period of two years after the passing of this act, it shall be

mentioned in lawful for any person or persons to export the whole or any part

recited act

maybe ex- of such quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley , or

ported to the bread, biscuit, pease, beans, and oats, to the said ifslands from any

lands of

other port or ports in England as well as the said port of

Guernsey,&c .

fromany other Southampton ; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwith-

port in Eng standing.

land than II . Provided always , and be it further enacted, That, during

Southampton, such period as aforesaid, no such corn, grain, meal, flour, bread,

Butno such

biscuit, pease, beans, or oats , thall be exported from the said

article shall

port of Southampton , or any other port or ports, unless under the

without

certificate of the collector and comptroller of the customs of the

be exported certificate of said port of Southampton ( who are hereby required to grant such

the collector certificate) , and to specify in every such certificate the quantity

and comp- and fort of corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, pease, beans,

troller of Southampton, or oats, intended to be exported under the fame , the time with-

&c.

in which the same shall be exported, such time in no cafe ex.

ceeding a fortnight from the time of granting such certificate ,

and a description of the vessel in which the same is intended to

be exported ; and the person or persons to whom such certificate shall be given shall produce or cause to be produced such

certificate to the collector or comptroller of the customs of the

port from which such corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, biscuit,

pease, beans, or oats is so to be exported, who shall thereupon

take bond for the due exportation thereof according to the provisions of the said recited act.

Quantity III . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

allowed for in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

exportation authorise the exportation from England to the said islands of any

not to exceed greater quantity in the whole of such corn, grain, meal, flour,

9.800 quar-

ters .

bread, biscuit, pease, beans, or oats, than such quantity of nine

thousand eight hundred quarters as aforesaid, or to authorise the

collector or comptroller of the customs of the said port of South-

ampton to grant certificates for any greater quantity in the

whole than such nine thousand eight hundred quarters as aforesaid.

Provisions of

recited act

extended to

this act.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and

every the provisions , powers, authorities, restrictions, penalties,

forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things in the said recited act

contained, in relation to the exportation of the said corn, grain,

meal , flour, bread, biscuit, or pulse, to the said islands of Guern-

Sey , Fersey, and Alderney, shall, so far as the same are not altered

by this act, and can be made applicable to the provisions of this act,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 107. 695

act, be applied to such exportation as aforesaid under this act,

as fully and effectually as if the same were herein severally and

separately repeated and re- enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall remain and Continuance

continue in force for two years from the passing thereof , and no of act .

longer.

CAP. CVI.

An act to enable the commissioners of first fruits in Ireland to lend cer-

bob

tain fums of money (interest free) to incumbents of benefices there, for

the purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase glebe houses and

offices convenient for their residence; and to purchase glebe lands fit

and convenient for the erection of such houses and offices ; and to

make provision for the repayment of all loans so to be made by the

said commissioners.-[July 27, 1803. ]

CAP. CVII.

An alt for effectuating certain parts of an act, passed in thefecond and

third years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled ,

An act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious

intentions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor

clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in perpetuity, the

revenues of the first fruits and tenths ; and also for enabling

any other person to make grants for the fame purpose, so far

as the same relate to deeds and wills made for granting and be-

queathing lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, and chattels,

to the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the purposes in

the said act mentioned; and for enlarging the powers of the said

governors. [ July 27, 1803. ]

WHE HEREAS by an act, made in thesecond and third years of

the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act 2 and 3 Anne,

for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious intentions c ..

for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by reciting that

personswere

enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity, the revenues of the empowered to

first fruits and tenths ; and also for enabling any other persons grant estates

to make grants, for the fame purpose ; after reciting , amongst other &c. in their

things, that for the encouragement of such well -disposed persons as own right to

the governors

Should, by ber Majesty's royal example, be moved to contribute toso of the bounty

-pious and charitable a purpose, and that such their charity might be of Queen

rightly applied, it was amongst other things enacted, that all andAnne, to-

every person and persons having in his or their own right any estatewards the

or interest, in poffefssion, reversion, or contingency, of or in any lands, of the main- augmentation

tenements, or hereditaments, or any property of or in any goods or tenance of

chattels, should havefull power, licence, and authority, at his, her, the clergy.

and their will and pleasures, by deed enrolled in such manner and

within such time as is directed by thestatute made in the twenty-

Seventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, for enrolment of

bargains andfales, or by bis, her, or their last will or testament in

writing, duly executed according to law, to give and grant to andvest

in the corporation thereby authorised, andfince erected under the name

TU of

696 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 107. [1803.1

of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and theirfuc- for

cessors, all such his, her , or their estate, interest, or property infuch

the

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, and chattels, or any part

0

or parts thereof , for and towards the augmentation of the main-

tenance of such ministers officiating infuch church or chapel where the

liturgy and rites of the said church were orshould be so used or ob-

served, as in the fame alt were mentioned , and having nofettled competent provision belonging to the fame, and to be for that purpose

applied according to the will of the said benefactor, in and by such

deed enrolled, or byfuch will or testament executed as aforesaid expressed , and in default of such direction, limitation , or appointment, in

such manner as by her Majesty's letters-patentshould be directed or

appointed as aforesaid , and such corporation and their successors,

Should havefull capacity and abilitity to purchase, receive, take, bold ,

and enjoy for the purposes aforesaid ,fromsuch persons asshould befo

charitably disposed to give the same, any manors, lands, tenements ,

goods, or chattels, without any licence or writ ofad quoddamnum, the

Statute ofmortmain or any other flatute or law to the contrary not-

withstanding : and it was by the fame act provided, that that aft, or

any thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any person or

persons being within age, or ofnon- fane memory, or women covert

without their husbands, to make any such gift , grant, or alienation,

any thing in that act contained to the contrary in anywise notwith-

standing : and whereas the beneficial effect and operation of the said

all have been considerably obstructed and retarded by an alt , passed

in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the

9 Geo. 2. C. 36. Second, intituled , An act to restrain the disposition of lands,

whereby the fame become unalienable : For remedy thereof be

it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-

So much of

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

the recited

of the same, That so much of the said act of her late majesty

act of 2 and Queen Anne, as is herein recited, shall be and remain in full

3Anne shall force and effect, the said act of his late majesty King George the

remain in og

force , not- Second, or any other act or law to the contrary notwithstand-

withstanding ing.

9Geo.2.c.36. II. And whereas by an act, passed in the first year of the reign of

1Geo. 1. C. 10. his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for mak-

power of exchanging

ing more effectual her late Majesty's gracious intentions for

lands, &c.

augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy, it was amongst

thereby granted, ex-

other things enacted , that it should be lawful, with the concurrence of

the said governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, and the incumbent ,

tendedto

patron , and ordinary of any augmented living or cure, to exchange all

every aug-

or any part of the estate fettledfor the augmentation thereof , for any

mented living other estate in lands or tythes of equal or greater value, to be conveyed

to the same uses ; be it also enacted, That the said power shall be,

and the fame is hereby extended to all the messuages, buildings,

and lands belonging to every such augmented living or cure.

Where there

III. And be it further enacted, That where a living shall have

is no suitable parfonage house , the

been or shall be augmented by the said governors, either byway

of lot or benefaction , and there is no parsonage house suitable for

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 108. 697

for the residence of the minister, it shall and may be lawful for governors

the said governors, and they are hereby empowered, from time may provide

to time, in order to promote the residence of the clergy on their

one.

benéfices, to apply and dispose of the money appropriated for

such augmentation, and remaining in their hands, or any part

thereof , in such manner as they shall deem most adviseable, in

or towards the building, rebuilding, or purchasing a house, and

other proper erections within the parish, convenient and suitable

for the residence of the minister thereof , which house shall for

ever thereafter be deemed the parsonage house appertaining to

such living, to all intents and purposes whatsoever ; any thing in

any act or acts , or the rules of the said governors contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CVIII.

An act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of

churches and chapels, and of houses for the residence of ministers,

1

and the providing of church- yards andglebes .-[July 27, 1803.]

WHEREAS asufficient number of churches and chapels for the

celebration ofdivineservice, according to the rites and ceremo-

nies of the united church of England and Ireland, and of mansion

houses with competent glebes for the residence ofministers officiating in

Such churches andchapels, is necessary towards the promotion ofreligion

- and morality : and whereas the same are either wholly wanting or

materially deficient in, many parts of England and Ireland : and

whereas many well disposed persons would be desirous of contributing

towards the supply of such defects, if they were enabled so to do in

the manner herein-after directed: may it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all Persons by

and every person and persons having in his or their own right deed or will

any estate or interest in possession, reversion, or contingency , ofmay give

lands not ex-

or in any lands or tenements, or of any property of or in any ceeding five

goods or chattels, shall have full power, licence, and authority, acres, or

145

at his and their will and pleasure, by deed enrolled in such man- goods and

ner, and within such time, as is directed in England by the chattels not

statute made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of King exceeding

Henry the Eighth, and in Ireland bythe statute made in the tenth purposes of

for the

fyear of the reign of King Charles the First, for enrolment of his act .

bargains and sales, or by his, her, or their last will or testamenti cht s

in writing duly executed according to law, such deed, or such

willor testament , being duly executed three calendar months at

Letoanqu盒least before the death of such grantor or testator, including the

.days of the execution and death, to give and grant to and vest in

any person or persons, or body politick or corporate, and their

heirs and successors respectively, all such his, her, or their estate,

interest , or property in such lands or tenements, not exceeding

five acres, or goods and chattels, or any part or parts thereof,

not

698 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 108. [ 1803.

not exceeding in value five hundred pounds, for or towards the

erecting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing, or providing any

church or chapel where the liturgy and rites of the said united

church are or shall be used or observed, or any mansion house for

the residence of any minister of the said united church officiating,

or to officiate in any such church or chapel, or of any out - build-

ings, offices, church-yard , or glebe, for the fame respectively,

and to be for those purposes applied, according to the will of

the said benefactor in and by such deed enrolled, or by such will

or testament executed as aforesaid expressed, the consent and

approbation of the ordinary being first obtained, and in default

of such direction, limitation or appointment, in such manner as

shall be directed and appointed by the patron and ordinary, with

the consent and approbation of the parson, vicar , or other in-

cumbent; and such person and persons, bodies politick and

corporate, and their heirs and successors respectively, shall have

full capacity and ability to purchase , receive, take, hold , and

enjoy, for the purposes aforesaid, as well from such persons as

shall be so charitably disposed to give the same, as from all other

persons as shall be willing to fell or aliene to such person or per-

fons, bodies politick or corporate, any lands or tenements, goods,

or chattels, without any licence or writ of ad quod damnum , the

statute of mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary

But such pow- notwithstanding: provided always, that this act or any thing

ers not to ex- therein contained, shall not extend to enable any person or per-

tendtopersons fons being within age, or of non-fane memory, nor women

within age ,

insane, or covert without their husbands, to make any such gift, grant, or

femes covert. alienation; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any-

wise notwithstanding .

Onlyone such

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That nomore

gift thall be

made by one

than one such gift or devise shall be made by any one person, and

person ,and

that if any such gift or devise as aforesaid shall happen to exceed

where it ex-

five acres in lands or tenements, or the value of five hundred

ceeds five

pounds in goods and chattels , every such gift or devise shall be

acres or sool. good and valid to the extent aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for

the chancellor

mayreduce it, the lord-chancellor, for the time being, on petition, to make

order for reducing every such gift or devise to and within the

said limits, and for allotting such specifick five acres, and if

occasion should require, such specifick goods and chattels as in his

judgement shall be most convenient, and to make such further

order touching the premises as to him shall appear just and rea-

fonable.

No glebe up.

III. Provided also, That no glebe containing upwards of fifty

wards of 50

acres shall be augmented with more than one acre under or by

acres shall be augmented with more

virtue of this act , but that the excess, if any given or devised for

the purpose of such augmentation, shall be reduced in manner

thanone acre,

aforesaid, by the said lord-chancellor, and such order thereupon

shall be by him made as herein-before is directed in the case of

an excess beyond five acres.

IV. And whereas it often happens that small plots of land held in

mortmain lie convenient to be annexed to somefuch church or chapel, or house

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 109. 699

house of residence, as aforesaid, or to some church- yard, or curtilage

thereto belonging, or convenient to be employed as thefcite ofsomefuch

church or chapel, or house to be hereafter erected, and for the necessary

and commodious use and enjoyment thereof , and that they might be fo

employed to the advantage of the publick, and without detriment to the

proprietors thereof , if they were enabled to give and grant the fame

for the purposes aforesaid ; be it therefore further enacted, That it Plots ofland

shall be lawful for every body politick or corporate, sole or not exceeding

porate ,

aggregate, by deed enrolled as aforesaid, with or without confir- one acre held

inmortmain ,

mation, as the law may require, to give and grant, either by way lying conveni-

- of exchange or benefaction, any such small plot of land not ex- ent, to be

ceeding one acre, to any person or persons, body politick or annexed to

corporate, his and their heirs and successors respectively, to be somechurch,

&c. may be

held, used, and applied for the purposes aforesaid ; and such last grantedeither

- mentioned person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, and by exchange or

their heirs and successors respectively , shall have full capacity and benefaction

ability, with consent of the incumbent, patron, and ordinary, to for thatpur-

take, hold, and enjoy such small plot of land for the purposes

pose .

aforesaid, without any licence or writ of ad quod damnum, the

statute of mortmain, or any other act or law to the contrary

✓ notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Accommoda-

That in every parochial church or chapel hereafter to be erected tion tobepro-

vided for per-

1

ample provision shall be made for the decent and suitable fons resorting

accommodation of all persons, of what rank or degree foever, to church,&c .

who may be entitled to resort to the same, and whose circum-

stances may render them unable to pay for such accommodations.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall be Rights of

construed to take away or abridge any right of giving or devising giving or de-

which already exists in any person whatsoever.

visingnot affected .

F

CAP. CIX.

An art to rectify a mistake in an act, made in this present session of

parliament, intituled, An act to amend the laws relating to

spiritual persons holding of farms ; and for enforcing the resi-

1

dence of spiritual persons on their benefices in England ; and

to remove a doubt respecting the title of the statute of the twenty-

first year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned.-[July

27 , 1803.]

1

WHEREAS

HEREAS by an act, made in this presentsession of parliament,

intituled , An act to amend the laws relating to spiritual c. 84.

persons holding of farms; and for enforcing the residence of

spiritual persons on their benefices in England; and reciting as

1

therein is recited , it was amongst other things enacted in the words

following ; that is to say, and it shall also be lawful for anyspiritual

person having or holding any donative, perpetual curacy, or parochial

chapeiry, not having anysufficient or convenient glebe or demesine lands

1

annexed to, or in right of , or by reason of bis benefice or cure or

chapelry, or for any stipendiary curate, or any unbeneficed spiritual

person , with the consent or approbation of the bishop of the diocese, signified

1

700 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 109. [ 1303.

signified in writing, to take to ferm to himself , or to any person or

persons tohis usefor a limited term of years, any farm or farms,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, that may, under all the circum-

Stances appear to such bishop proper to be taken, held, or occupied by

any such spiritual person, for the convenience and accommodation of his

household and hospitality only, without being subject or liable to any

pains, penalties, or forfeitures, under the saidfirst recited act or any

other alt by reason thereof , any thing therein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding: and whereas after the words " anyspiritual person

having or holding any, " and before the word " donative" in the said

provision, the word " benefice" was by mistake omitted to be there

inserted : for rectifying the said mistake, may it therefore please your

Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

Provision of

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

recited act,

where the

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

fame, That, from the day on which the said act passed, the said

word "bene- provision, and every matter therein contained , shall extend, and

mistake omit-

fice was by be construed to extend, to every spiritual person having or holding

ted, extended any benefice in like manner as if the word "benefice" had been

to spiritual inserted after the word " any" and before the word " donative"

anybenefice . personshaving in the said provision in the said act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every clause, matter, and

Every clause

having rela- provision contained in the said act, which has or in construction

tiontothe said thereof can or ought to have relation to the said provision, shall

provision, thall be construed in such and the like manner, and shall be and be

have the fame taken to be of the fame effect as if the word " benefice " had been

effect as ifthe inserted as aforesaid in the said provision.

word " benefice"had been III. And be it also enacted, That the said act, passed in the

inserted .

twenty- first year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, whereby

Doubt respec- it is among other things enacted in the words or to the effect

ting thetitle following : " That as well every spiritual person now being pro-

of Hen. 8. re- moted to any archdeaconry, deanry, or dignity in any monastery

cited in c. 84.

of this session or cathederal church or other church, conventual or collegiate,

removed.. or being beneficed with any parfonage or vicarage, as all and

every spiritual person and persons which hereafter thall be pro-

moted to any of the said dignities or benefices with any parsonage

or vicarage, from the feast of Saint Michael the archangel next

coming, shall be personally resident and abiding in, at, and upon

his said dignity, prebend, or benefice, or at one of them at the

least ; and in cafe that any such spiritual person at any time after

the said feast keep not residence at one of his said dignities,

prebends, or benefices as is aforesaid, but absent himself wilfully

by the space of one month together, or by the space of two

months, to be accounted at several times in any one year, and

make his residence and abiding in any other places by such time,

that then he shall forfeit for every such default ten pounds sterling,

the one half thereof to the King our sovereign lord, and the other

half of the same to the party that will fue for the fame in any of

the King's courts by original writ ofdebt, bill , plaint, or information, in which action and suit the defendant shall not wage

his

1803.] Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 110. 701

his law , nor have any essoign or protection allowed," shall , from

the day on which the said recited act of this present seffion of

parliament passed , be deemed and taken to all intents and purposes in the construction of the said act of the present session, to

be the act of the twenty-first year of the reign of King Henry

the Eighth, intended to be recited in the said act of the said

present session of parliament, and which is in such act of the

present session mentioned to be intituled, Spiritual persons abridged

from having pluralities of livings, and from taking of ferms, &c.

notwithstanding any mistake which there may be in the said act

4 of the present seffion of parliament, in setting forth the title of

the said act of the twenty-first year of the reign of King Henry

the Eighth , wherein and whereby it is enacted as aforesaid.

CAP. CX.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the lastsession ofparlia-

ment , intituled, An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better

relief and employment of the poor, so far as relates to the

payment of the debts incurred for building any poor house.

-[ July 27, 1803. ]

THEREAS by an all, made in the twenty- second year of the

relief and employment of the poor, it was among other things

22 Geo. 3

c .83.

enacted , that in case any money should be borrowed under the powers

of the said act , for the building any poor-house or workhouse , or pur-

chafing any land necessary to be used for that purpose, the affefsiments

for the relief of the poor should continue at the same rate they were

whenfuch poor-house or workhouse was first established, until the debts

so contracted , and the interest thereof , should befully discharged : and

3 whereas by an act, made in the forty- second year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An act to amend an act, made in the 42 Geo. 3.

twenty- second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the c. 74.

better relief and employment of the poor, so far as relates to the

payment of the debts incurred for building any poor-house, it

was enacted , that the guardians of the poor of any parish who had

erected any poor-house or workhouse, under the powers of the said

therein recited act, should, with the consent of the several persons to

whom the same should be due and payable, yearly and every year, pay

off and discharge any part of the money borrowed under the powers of

the said recited act of the twenty- second year of the reign of his present

Majesty, not being less than one- twentieth part thereof , besides the

interest which might be payable on thefum remaining undischarged;

and in cafefuch sum to be paid offshould not in any one year befuffi-

cient to discharge any one of the notes for fifty pounds issued pursuant

to the directions of the said recited act, forfecuring the money borrowed

under the authority thereof , the fameshould from time to time remain

in the hands of the overseer's of the poor of such parish until it

amounted to a jufficient sum to pay off and discharge any of the said

notes : and whereas doubts are entertained whether the said recited act of

702 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 111. [1803.1

So much of

of the forty- second year of his present Majesty's reign has effe& tually t

22 Geo. 3.

relievedfuch parishes as have adopted the provision in the said act of t

c. 83. as re-

the twenty- secondyear of his present Majesty's reign from the burthen-

quires that the some effects thereof ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most

affefsments

excellent Majesty , by and with the advice and consent of their

shall continue lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par

at the fame

rate as they

liament assembled , and by the authority of the same, Thatfot

were whenanymuch of the said recited act of the twenty-second year of his

workhouse

present Majesty's reign, as requires that the affefsments for the

was establish- relief of the poor shall continue at the same rate as they were

ed , until the

debt should bewhen any poor-house or workhouse was first established under

discharged,

the authority of the said recited act, until the debt contracted,

shall be repealed.

and the interest thereof , should be fully discharged, thall be, and

the fame is hereby repealed .

Affefsments II. And be it enacted, That such assessments shall and may

maybe dimi- from time to time be diminished to such amount as thall be

nished. Guardians of the deemed proper and necessary: provided always, that the guardians

poor shall pay of the poor, for the time being, of every such parish , shall, yearly

offa twentieth and every year, pay off or provide for a twentieth part at least of

part of the borrowed moneyunder

any monies which shall have been borrowed for the purposed

aforesaid, under the powers of the said act of the twenty-second

22 Geo 3 .

year of his present Majesty's reign, and also shall duly keep down

t

C.83.

the interest of all monies which shall be so borrowed; any thing

in the said recited acts of the twenty-second and forty-second

years of his present Majesty's reign, or either of them, contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXI.

An act for enabling friendlyfocieties, intended to be established under

an art passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present

Majesty, to rectify mistakes made in the registry of their rules.

- [July 27, 1803. ]

HEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the

33 Geo. 3 .

C. 54.

WHERE Spree Malditatethe

couragement and relief of friendly societies ; it was enacted , that

the rules, orders , and regulations made or to be made for the govern-

ment of the said societies, in order to entitle the said societies to the

benefit of thesaid act, should be first exhibited in writing to the justices

of the peace, assembled at the general quartersessions of the peace, or

atfome adjournment thereofin and for the same county, riding, division,

or shire wherefuchfociety should be established, andshould be subject to

the examination, review, allowance, and confirmation of such justices :

and whereas several societies established in towns and places having

peculiar jurisdiction have inadvertently exhibited their rules, orders,

and regulations to the justices assembled at the general or quarter

sessions, having peculiarjurisdiction forfuch towns andplaces respectively , and not for the county, riding, division, or shire at large,

whereby they are or may be deprived of the benefit of the said at:

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with

the

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 113. 703

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any such society Any society

who shall have exhibited the rules, orders, and regulations made who have ex-

hibited their

for government thereof , at any general or quarter sessions having regulations

peculiar jurisdiction for the town or place where such society is at any quar-

established , and not to the sessions for the county, riding, division, ter sessions

or shire at large, to exhibit the rules, orders, and regulations of for the place

such society to the justices assembled at anygeneral quarter sessions society is

where their

or any adjournment thereof , to be holden for the county, riding, established ,

division, or shire where such society is established, such rules, or- mayexhibit

ders, and regulations, bearing the certificate of the town-clerk or them to the

fef-

other proper officer, of the time when such rules, orders, and re- quarter the

gulations were respectively first exhibited as aforesaid, or to ex- county, bear-

hibit in like manner a duplicate or a true copy of such rules, or- ing the certi-

ders, and regulations, with an affidavit annexed to be takenbe- ficate of the

fore any onejustice of the peace of the county, riding, division, proper officer

first ex.

or shire where such society is established, which such justice is hibited, &c.

hereby authorised to take, of the time when such rules, orders, and suchre-

and regulations were respectively first exhibited as aforesaid, fub- gulations

ject to the like examination, review, allowance and confirmation being con-

firmedshall

of the justices assembled at such last- mentioned general quarter then be valid

sessions or adjournment thereof , as is directed by the said recited from the first

act ; and such rules, orders, and regulations being confirmed by exhibition.

the justices, at such last- mentioned general or quarter sessions, or

any adjournment thereof , in manner directed by the said recited

act , may be filed at such sessions, and shall be as valid and effec-

tual from the time the same were first exhibited at the sessions

having such peculiar jurisdiction as aforesaid , as if the fame had

been originally exhibited and filed at the sessions holden for the

said county , riding, division, or shire .

هللا

CAP. CXII .

An act for the better preservation ofheath fowl, commonly called black

1 game, in the New Forest, in the county of Southampton .-[July 21,

] .1803

Persons taking or killing in the New Forest any black game between De-

cember 10, and September 1, liable to the forfeitures of act 13 Geo. 3 .

C. 55. for preservation of the moor or hill game .

زا

CAP. CXIII .

An att for the more effectually providing for the punishment of offences

in wilfully casting away, burning, or destroying ships and vessels ;

and for the more convenient trial of accessaries infelonies ; and for

extending the powers of an act made in the thirty -third year of the

reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to murders , to

accessaries to murders and to manslaughters. -[July 27, 1803. ]

HEREAS in and by a certain act of paNiament, made in the Provisions of

First , intituled , An act for enforcing and making perpetual an act

of

704 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 113. [ 1803. 10

of the twelfth year of her late Majesty, intituled , " An act for the

preserving of all such ships, andgoods thereof , which shall happen

to be forced on shore, or stranded upon the coasts of this king- ur

dom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions ; and for inflicting

the punishment ofdeath on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy to

ships," it is, amongst other things, enacted , that ifany ownerof , or cap - en

tain, master, mariner, or other officer belonging to anybip, shall , after t

the twenty- fourth day of June which shall be in the year of our lord te

one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, willfully cast away, burn , or

otherwise destroy theship of which he is owner, or unto which be be-

longeth , or in any manner ofwife direct or procurethe same to be done,

to the prejudice of any person or persons that shall underwrite any policy or policies of insurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants

that shall load goods thereon, he shall suffer death : and whereas in

cor

andby a certain other act of parliament, made in the eleventh year of

and 11 Geo. 1. the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled , An act

an6. 29. recited. to continue several acis therein mentioned, for preventing frauds

committed by bankrupts ; for encouraging the silk manufacturer

of this kingdom ; for preventing the clandestine running ofgoods;

for making copper ore of the British plantations an enumerated

commodity; and for explaining and amending a late act for the

more effectual punishment of such as shall wilfully burn or destroy

ships ; and reciting, amongst other things, as is above herein recited ,

and that some doubt had arising touching the nature of the offence provided against by the said recited act, and the trial aud punishment to

bebad and inflicted for the fame, it was therefore by that aft enacted

and declared , that ifany owner of , or captain, master, officer, or ma-

riner , belonging to anyship or vessel , shall , after the four and twentieth

day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty- five, wilfully cast

away , burn, or otherwise destroy, the ship or vessel of which he is

owner, or to which he belongeth , or in any wife direct or procure the

fame to be done, with intent or design to prejudice any person or per-

fons that hath or shall underwrite any policy or policies of insurance

thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that shall load goods thereor,

or of any owner or owners of suchship or vessel , the person or persons

offending therein, being thereoflawfully convicted , shall be deemed and

adjudgeda felon orfelons , and shall suffer as in cases of felony without

benefit of clergy; and it was in and by the said altfurther declared ,

that ifany of the said offences, in wilfully casting away, burning , or

otherwise destroying , anyship or vessel as aforesaid , shall be committed

within the body of any county of his realm , the sameshall be and may

beinquired of , tried , determined, and adjudged, in the fame courts, in

such manner and form asfelonies done within the body of any county,

by the laws of his realm, are to be inquired of , tried, determined , and

adjudged; and if any of the said offences shall be committed upon the

high seas , the fame shall be inquired of , tried, determined, and adjudged ,

beforefuch court, and infuch manner and form as in and by an act

made in the eight-and-twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the

Eighth, intituled , For Pirates, is directed and appointedfor the in-

quiring, trying, determining, and adjudging offelonies done upon the

bigb feas: and whereas the aboveprovisions in the said, in part, recited

ats

1 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 113. 705

afts have been found inadequate and ineffectual for the prevention and

punishment of the offences therein mentioned : may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Recited pro-

That the said provisions of the said two several herein , inpart , visions repeal-

recited acts , and every of them, be henceforth repealed. ed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons wil-

if any person or persons shall , from and after the sixteenth day offully casting

July one thousand eight hundred and three, wilfully cast away, away, &c .

burn, or otherwise destroy, any ship or vessel, or in anywise vessels, shall

suffer death.

counsel, direct, or procure, the same to be done, and the same be

accordingly done with intent or design thereby wilfully and ma-

liciously to prejudice any owner or owners of such ship or vessel,

or any owner or owners of any goods loaden on board the fame,

for any person or persons , body politick or corporate, that hath

sor have underwritten or shall underwrite any policy or policies

ofinsurance upon such ship or vessel, or on the freight thereof,

or upon any goods loaden on board the fame, the person or per-

fons offending therein being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be

✓ deemed and adjudged a principal felon or felons, and shall suffer

death , as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

III . And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Where such

if any such ship or vessel shall, from and after the sixteenth day ofoffences com-

July in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and mitted within

thebodyof

three, be wilfully cast away , burnt, or otherwise destroyed , within any county,

the body of any county of this realm, that then the said several or on the high

offences, as well in wilfully casting away, burning, or otherwise seas, may be

destroying such ship or vessel , as in counselling, directing, or pro- tried.

curing the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired of , tried, determined , and adjudged, in the fame

courts, and in such manner and form as felonies done within the

body of any county, by the laws of this realm now are, to be,

or by virtue of this act hereafter may be, inquired of , tried, de-

termined, and adjudged ; and if any such ship or vessel shall be

wilfully cast away, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on the high

seas, then that the said several offences, as well in wilfully casting

away, burning, or otherwise destroying any such ship or vessel ,

as in counselling, directing, and procuring the same to be done

as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired of, tried, de-

termined, and adjudged, before such court, and in such manner

and form as in and by an act made in the eight-and-twentieth

year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For Pi-

rates , is appointed and directed for the inquiring, trying, de-

termining, and adjudging, of felonies upon the high feas . Actnot tobar

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- prosecutions

rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or for offences

beconstrued to extend to bar or defeat any prosecution already against recited

commenced or hereafter to be commenced for any offence or provisions

offences already committed , or which shall be committed against before July

VOL. XLIV. the 16, 1803.

Zz

1

706 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 113. [1803. 180-

the said provisions of the said two several herein, in part, recited

acts , or either of them, before the said sixteenth day of July one

felon

bada

thousand eight hundred and three, but that such prosecutionsmay

be commenced and proceeded in respectively , as if the said provisions of the said acts had not been repealed.

V. And whereas it is convenient that accessaries to felo nies com-

orac

the

Di

mitted within the body of any county within the realm ,should be by

2

law liable to be tried, as well in the county wherein the principal felony

was committed as in the county in which theyso became accessaries , and

also that accessaries to felonies committed upon the high seas should be VI .

by law liable to be tried by such court, and infuch manner as by thef

alt made in the eight- and - twentieth year of the reign of the late King

Henry the Eighth, is directed in respect tofelonies done upon the high

Whereac-

feas; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ,

ceffaries be- from and after the said sixteenth day of July in the said year of

fore the fact our Lord one thousand eight hundred and three , in all cafeswhat-

may be tried. foever in which any person or persons shall hereafter procure ,

direct, counsel, or command any other person or persons to com

mit, or shall abet any other person or persons in committing any

felony whatsoever, or thall in anywise whatsoever become an accessary or accessaries before the fact to any felony whatsoever,

whether such principal felony be committed within the body of

any county within this realm, or upon the high feas, and whether

suchprocuring , directing, counselling, commanding, and abetting,

or otherwise becoming accessary or accessaries before the fact thall

have been committed or done within the body of any county

within this realm, or upon the high feas, that then, and in all such

cafes, the offence of the person or persons so procuring, directing,

counselling, commanding, or abetting such felony, or so in any-

wife becoming accessary or accessaries before the fact to such

felony, shall and may be inquired of , tried, determined, and ad.

judged, in case such principal felony shall have been committed

within the body of any county within this realm, by the course

of the common law, either within such county wherein the said

principal felony thall have been committed, or within the county

wherein the said offence in procuring, directing, counselling,

commanding, and abetting, or otherwise becoming accessary of

accessaries before the fact shall have been committed or done ;

and in cafe the said principal felony shall have been committed

upon the high feas, then the said offence in procuring, directing,

counselling, commanding, or abetting such felony , or of fo be-

coming an accessary or accessaries before the fact to the fame ,

shall and may be inquired of in and by such court, and in such

manner and form as in and by the said act, made in the eight-

No Person so

and-twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, is

triedshall be

appointed and directed for the trying, determining, and adjudg-

liable to be

ing , offelonies done upon the high feas : provided always, that

again tried

for the fame

no person or persons who shall hereafter be once tried and ac-

offence in

quitted, or convicted of any such offence, in procuring, directing ,

counselling, commanding, or abetting, any felony, or of other-

any court. felony ,wife becoming an accessary or accessaries before the fact to such

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 113. 707

felony, whether the trial of such person or persons shall have been

had according to the course of the common law, as in the cafe of

sit

afelony committed within the body of any county in this realm,

or according to the provisions contained in the statute made in

the eight-and-twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the

Eighth, as in the case of a felony committed on the high seas ,

shall be liable to be again indicted, prosecuted, or tried, for the

same offence, in any court orjurisdiction whatsoever.

VI. And whereas by an act , made and passed in the thirty-third

year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act to

proceed, by commission of Oyer and Terminer, against such per-

fons as shall confess treason, et cætera, without remanding the

24 same to be tried in the shire where the offence was committed ;

certain powers, authorities, provisions, and regulations are given and

enacted for making commissions of Oyer and Terminer, for thespeedy

trial, conviction , or delivery of persons examined before the King's

council, or three of them, upon any murders or other offences therein

mentioned, and for inquiring of , hearing, and determiningfuch mur-

ders and other offences, underfuch circumstances , and insuch cafes, as

in the said act are mentioned; which said act, so far as the fame re-

lates to the crime of murder, isstill in force and unrepealed ; but no

provision is therein made for the trial of accessaries before the fact in

murder, or for the trial of the offence of manslaughter, either upon in-

dictments for that offence, orfor the crime of murder, under any commission to be made or issued in pursuance of the fame act, whereby per-

fons guilty of those offences, and more particularly whensuch murders

or manslaughtershappen to be committed out of the realm, and not upon

the high seas , mayfrequently escape punishment, to the encouragement

and evil example of evil doers, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all and singular the powers 33 Hen. 8.

and authorities in the said last recited act contained respecting the recited,

and thepow-

offence of murder ; and the examination of any person or persons ers therein

upon any murders by the King's council, or three of them ; and contained

the making or issuing of commissions of Oyer and Terminer , respecting

for the trial , conviction, or delivery of offenders ; and the inqui- murder, &c.

shall be ex-

ring, hearing, and determining of all such murders in man- tended to ac-

ner therein mentioned, and all other the clauses, provisoes, con- ceffaries be-

ditions, and declarations concerning the offence of murder; and fore thefact to

the inquiring, hearing, and determination thereof; and the trial, murder and to

conviction, or delivery of such offenders therein, as in the fame manslaughter .

act are mentioned, shall be, and the same are hereby extended to

the offence of procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or

otherwise becoming an accessary or accessaries before the fact to

any murder or murders ; and also to the offence of manslaughter,

in like manner as if those offences had been expressly mentioned

in the fid last recited act ; and in cafe any offender or offenders If on the trial

shall, in pursuance of this or the said recited act, be indicted for of any offen-

the offence of murder, and upon such trial it shall appear that der for mur-

the person or persons, or any of them, so indicted and tried is der, it shall

orare appear he is

guilty of manslaughter, and of no greater offence , the jury guilty ofman-

may on such indictment find the party or parties guilty of man- laughteronly,

222flaughter the jurymay

708 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 115. [1803. 180

find accord- slaughter only ; or in case of doubt or difficulty, may find a fpe- affer

ingly, ora fpe- cial verdict, upon which there shall be the like proceedings, alter

cial verdict.

judgement, and punishment, or execution , as if the offence bha

had been committed within the body of any county within this

realm, and such trial had been had, and such general or special anter

verdict had been found upon an indictment for murder, found and hop

tried according to the course of the common law by a jury of the

the

Act not to ex-

same county within which the offence was committed.

tend to Ire-

VII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall ex-

ever

land.

tend , or be construed to extend, to that part of the united king-

dom called Ireland.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for raising the fum of one million Irish currency, by treasury bills ,

for the service of Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and

three.-[ July 27 , 1803. ]

There shall be paid half- yearly 51. per centum per annum for 1,000,000% ,

Irish currency , or such part thereof as shall be paid into the exchequer of

Ireland. Bills for such fums shall be issued entitling the owners to the

sums specified therein with interest. Such bills may be taken in payment

of the revenue after such time as thall be appointed by the lord-lieutenant.

Interest to cease when received by any receiver of the revenue. Money

to be paid into the exchequer at Dublin, and carried to the consolidated

fund. Bills andinterest to be a charge on the first supplies granted in the

next session . Bank of Ireland may advance the money.

CAP. CXV.

An act to explain and amend two acts made in thesecond , and thirty-

ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty ,for preventing the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating

bum-boats and other boats, upon the river Thames, and for the

more effectual prevention ofdepredations thereon, so far as relates

to thefeifure of exciseable commodities. [July 27 , 1803.]

2Geo. 3.C.28.

WHEREAS by an alt made in the second year of the reign of

his present Majesty, intituled , An act to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum-boats and

other boats upon the river Thames ; andby another att, made in the

thirty-ninth and fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti-

39 &40

tuled , An act for the more effectual prevention ofdepredations on

Geo. 3. c. 87. the river Thames and in its vicinity ; and to amend an act made

in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent

the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum-

boats and other boats upon the river Thames, certain powers and

authorities aregiven and granted which are incompatible with the laws

ofexcise made for the prevention offrauds and thesecurity of there

venue , and under which powers and authorities fair dealers may be in-

jured , the revenue exposed to great loss, and much uncertainty andcon-

fusion introduced into the accounts required to be kept by the officers of

excise for remedy whereof , be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled ,

Ita 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 115 . 709

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Articles sub-

after the passing of his act, all coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, ject to excise

dutystopped

tobacco, snuff, wine , brandy, rum, Geneva, or other spirits, or by reason of

any other goods , wares, or merchandize, that now are, or here- forfeiture shall

after may be , subject or liable to a duty of excise which shall be be conveyed

stopped, detained, or taken by any police or peace- officer, or

to the excise

office within

other person or persons under and by virtue of the before recited

24hours.

acts of parliament, or under or by virtue of any authority what-

ever, for or by reason of the same having been unshipped,

o smuggled, or run on shore, or made or manufactured without

payment of duty ; or for or by reason of the same being removed

or removing without permit, or for any other cause of forfeiture,

shall, and the same is hereby directed and required to be carried ,

conveyed, or taken to and deposited and lodged in the chief office

of excise in London, within twenty- four hours after the same shall

have been so taken, stopped, or detained, in order that all such

articles or commodities as aforesaid , and the person or persons in

whose custody or possession the same were found, may be profe-

1 cuted, or proceeded against as the nature of the case shall or may

require ; any thing in the aforesaid acts or any other act or acts of

parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

13

II . And be it further enacted, That in case any such coffee, Such articles

tea, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, tobacco, snuff , wine, brandy, rum, being stopped

Geneva, or other spirits, so subject or liable to a duty of excise, being stolen ,

onfufpicion of

shall be stopped, detained, or taken by any police or peace- officer, shall be depo-

or other person or persons, on suspicion of the same having been sitedin the

feloniously stolen , taken, or received, it shall and may be lawful office of the

to and for such police or peace-officer, or other person or persons &c . till pro-

Thames police

so stopping, detaining, or taking the fame, to lodge and deposit duced at the

all such articles or commodities as aforesaid in the office of the trial;

Thames police, or the police office nearest to the place where the

same shall be so stopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid, there to

remain until and in order to be produced at the trial of any per-

fon or persons who shall or may be charged with feloniously steal-

ing, taking, or receiving the same as aforesaid .

III . Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That but notice

every such police or peace- officer, or other person or persons who shall be given

of such deten-

shall so stop, detain, or take any such article or commodity as tion to the ex-

aforesaid , on suspicion of the fame having been so feloniouflystolen, cife office

taken, or received as aforesaid, hall within twenty-four hours within 24

after he or they shall have stopped, detained , or taken the same hours .

as aforesaid, give notice thereof in writing at the said chief office

of excise, and shall thereupon permit the proper officer of excise

to examine and take account ofall such articles and commodities

so stopped , detained, or taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted , That when and so soon After trial,

as the person or persons so charged with feloniously stealing , goods to be

taking, or receiving any such coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, conveyed to

tobacco , snuff , wine, brandy, rum, Geneva, or other spirits, shall office.

have been tried for the said felony, all such articles and commodities as aforesaid shall be immediately conveyed to and deposited

in

710 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 116. [1803 .

in the said chief office of excise, to be prosecuted or proceeded

against for such cause of forfeiture as the same may be liable to,

or to be restored upon payment of such duties as may be due in

respect of the same, to such person as may prove himself to be the

legal proprietor, or otherwise be dealt with in such manner as the

case may require .

If such goods

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any coffee, tea ,

shall not be

conveyed to

cocoa-nuts, chocolate, tobacco, snuff , wine, brandy, rum, Ge-

theexcife office inman-

neva , or other spirits , or any other goods, wares , or merchandize

that now are or hereafter may be subject or liable to a duty of

ner hereby re excise, which shall be so stopped, detained, or taken as aforesaid,

quired, they shall not be conveyed to and lodged and deposited in the chief

maybe seised: office of excise in London in the manner and within the time or

and theperson makingde- times respectively by this act directed, all such coffee , tea, cocoa-

fault shall for- nuts, chocolate, tobacco, snuff , wine, brandy, rum, Geneva, or

feit 20/.

other spirits , or any other goods, wares , or merchandize that now

are or hereafter may be subject or liable to any duty of excise ,

fo

which shall not be so conveyed and actually lodged and deposited

in the said chief office, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be

seised or re- seised by any officer or officers of excise ; and the party

or parties neglecting or refusing so to convey to and to lodge and

deposit the fame in the said chief office of excise, shall forfeit and

lose the fum of twenty pounds.

Persons ob-

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

structing offi-

cer shall forfeit whatsoever, shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose, or impede any

2001 . officer or officers of excise in the execution of the powers and

authorities by this act granted, every person so offending shall

forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds .

How penalties VII. And be it further enacted, That all fines , penalties , and

shall be levied forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be fued for, recovered, levied,

and applied. or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, pe-

nalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or miti-

gated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill , plaint,

or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and that one moiety of every such fine , penalty, or forfei-

ture , shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the

other moiety to him or them, who shall inform, discover, or fue

for the fame.

CAP. CXVI,

An act to empower the lord - lieutenant or other chiefgovernor or governors of Ireland to apprehend and detainfuch persons as he or

they shallfufpect for conspiring against his Majesty's person andgo-

vernment, untilfix weeks after the commencement of the nextfeffion

of parliament. [July 29, 1803. ]

WHEREAS a treasonable and rebellious spirit ofinsurrection

now unfortunately exists in Ireland, and hath broken out into

acts ofopen murder and rebellion ; therefore for the better prefer-

vation of his Majesty's sacred person, and for securing the peace ,

the laws, and liberties of this kingdom, be it enacted by the

katate King's

fe

pr

T

W

B

it

Te

CU

コ

05

or

fo

8

다

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 116 . 711

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- Every person

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this inprifonin

Ireland at or

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same , after the

That all and every person and persons who is, are , or shall be passing of this

within prison within that part of the united kingdom of Great act, by war-

Britain and Ireland called Ireland, at or upon the day upon which rant of the

privy council

this act shall receive his Majesty's royal assent, or after, by war- of Ireland , or

rant of his Majesty's most honourable privy council of Ireland, of the lord-

signed by fix of the said privy council, for high treason , su- lieutenant , or

chieffecre-

fpicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, or by warrant tary, for high

signed by the lord- lieutenant or other chief governor or go- treason, &c.

vernors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their chiefmay be de-

secretary, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe tained till fix

weeks after

custody , without bail or mainprize, until six weeks after the com- commence-

mencement of the next fession of parliament ; and that no judge ment of the

orjustice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons next session,

fo committed without order from his said Majesty's privy council, and hall not

esigned by fix of the said privy council , until six weeks after the before that

time be bail-

commencement of the next session of parliament ; any law or ed or tried ,

statute to the contrary notwithstanding . without order

II . Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this from the privy

act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient rights council .

and privileges of parliament, or to the imprisoning or detaining Privileges of

of any member of either house of parliament, during the fitting of parliament not

invalidatedby

such parliament, until the matter of which he stands suspected be this act.

first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and

the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.

III . And be it further enacted, That in cases where any person Such persons

or persons have been, before the passing of this act, or shall be, may be detained in any

during the time this act shall continue in force , arrested, com- place in Ire-

mitted, or detained in custody, by force of a warrant or warrants land , and the

of his Majesty's most honourable privy council of Ireland, signed persons in

by fix of the said privy council, for high treason, suspicion ofhigh whose custody

treason, or treasonable practices, or by warrant or warrants signed they are, and

place in

by the lord -lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of which they

Ireland for the time being, or his or their chieffecretary, for such are detained,

causes as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any person or maybe chang-

edby warrant

persons to whom such warrant or warrants have been or shall be of the lord-

directed, to detain such person or persons so arrested or com- lieutenant ,

1

mitted, in his or their custody, in any place whatever within &c .

Ireland; and that such person or persons to whom such warrant

or warrants have been or shall be directed shall be deemed

and taken to be, to all intents and purposes , lawfully authorised

todetainin safe custody, and to be the lawful gaolers and keepers

of such persons so arrested, committed, or detained, and that such

place and places where such persons so arrested , committed, or

1

detained, are or shall be detained in custody shall be deemed and

taken, to all intents and purposes, to be lawful prisons and gaols

for the detention and safe custody of such person and persons ;

and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord - lieutenant

or other chiefgovernor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by

(

712 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 116. [1803. 18:

by warrant signed by him, or for the chief secretary of such lord-

lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, by warrant

signed by such chief secretary, or for his Majesty's privy council difch

to

of Ireland , by warrant signed by fix of the said privy council, from

time to time, as occasion shall be, to change the person or persons

ID

by whom, and the place in which such person or persons so ar-

1

leff

rested, committed, or detained, shall be detained in safe custody .

beCopies of

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That copies of such pr

warrants to

warrants respectively shall be transmitted to the clerk of the

be filed in the

office of the

crown, and shall be filed by him in the publick office of the pleas

pleasof the

of the crown at the city of Dublin.

crowninj Dublin.

V. And whereas in the disturbedstate of Ireland it may be found

necessary to send divers persons who have been or may be committed to

prison in Ireland, on charges ofhigh treason, suspicion ofhigh treason ,

or treasonable practices, to Great Britainforfafe custody; and for the

purpose of preventing improper intercourse between such persons and

other persons engaged or suspected of being engaged in the like treasons

Persons sent

or treasonable practices, be it enacted, That every person who, after

to Great

the passing of his act, shall be sent to Great Britain for safe cuf-

Britain on a

tody, by order of the lord-lieutenant, or governor general or other

charge of high chief governor or governors of Ireland , and of fix or more of his

treason shall

bedetained Majesty's privy council of Ireland , shall and may be detained in

he deta place custody in Great Britain, in such place of safe cu custody as to his

as his Majesty Majesty shall seem fit ; provided such person shall be charged with

shall think fit . high treason, suspicion of treason, or treasonable practices, by

warrantunder thehand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal

secretaries of state .

One of the

VI. And whereas many persons who may be engagedin the rebellion

secretaries of in Ireland, and in other treasonable practices there, may comefrom

der any per- state may or-

Ireland, and it may be expedient not only to arrestsuch persons for the

1

fon in custody purpose of fending them to Ireland to be triedforfuch offences, but also

on a charge

ofhigh trea

tosecure and detain such persons in Great Britain, until they can be

fon to be fe-

properlyfent to Ireland to be tried or discharged in due course oflaw;

cured in Great

be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for one of

Britain until his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, by warrant under his

hecanbe fent hand and seal, to order any person who shall be in custody upon

to Ireland for

trial .

any charge of high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treason-

able practices , done or committed in Ireland , to be secured or detained in Great Britain, until such person can be properly sent to

Ireland to be tried or discharged in due course of law .

But no person shall bede-

VII. Provided always nevertheless , That no person shall be detained so as to

tained as aforesaid , under or by virtue of this act, so as to prevent

preventhis

the trial or discharge of such person in due course oflaw whenever

trial ordif-

such person shall by the law of Ireland be entitled to such trial

charge, when or discharge ; but in all cafes in which any person so detained

entitled there- would by the law of Ireland , if in custody there, be entitled

toby the law

of Ireland.

to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such person

to apply to the court of King's-bench in England, or to any judge

of that court, or to the court of justiciary in Scotland, or to any

judge of that court, to be discharged ; and if it shall appear to

such court or to such judge that such person, if in custodyin Ireland , would be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 117. 713

_lawful for such court or such judge to order such person to be

discharged, or to be sent to Ireland to be dealt with according

to law. VIII . And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance

in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next of act.

session of parliament, and no longer ; and that it shall and may

be lawful to repeal, amend, or alter this act during this seslion of

parliament.

CAP. CXVII.

An act for thefuppreffion of rebellion in Ireland, and for the protection of the persons and property of his Majesty's faithfulfubjects

there , to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement

of the next fession of parliament. -[July 29, 1803. ]

WHEREAS a treasonable and rebellious spirit of insurrection

now unfortunately exists in Ireland, and hath broken out into

ルー

acts ofopen murder and rebellion, and persons who may be guilty ofarts

ofcruelty and outrage infurtherance and immediateprofecution of such

insurrection and rebellion, and who may be taken by bis Majesty'sforces

to be employedfor the suppreffion of the fame, mayseek to avail them-

selves of the ordinary course of the common law to evade the punish-

ment of such crimes committed by them, whereby it has become necessary

for parliament to interpose ; be it therefore enacted by the King's Thelord - lieu-

most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of land may issue

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present orders for

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, taking mea-

from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful fures for fup-

pressing infur-

to and for the lord- lieutenant, or other chiefgovernor or governors rection and

of Ireland, from time to time during the continuance of the said rebellion, &c.

rebellion , whether the ordinary courts ofjustice shall or shall not and for punish-

at such time be open , to issue his or their orders to all officers ing offenders

commanding his Majesty's forces in Ireland , and to all others law.

by martial

whom he or they shall think fit to authorise in that behalf , to

take the most vigorous and effectual measures for suppressing the

said insurrection and rebellion in any part of Ireland, which shall

appear to be necessary for the publick safety, and for the safety

and protection of the persons and properties of his Majesty's peace-

able and loyal subjects, and to punish all persons acting, aiding,

or in any manner assisting in the said rebellion, or maliciously

attacking or injuring the persons or properties of his Majesty's

loyal subjects, in furtherance of the same, according to martial law,

either by death or otherwise, as to them shall seem expedient for

the punishment and suppreffion of all rebels in their several districts,

and to arrest and detain in custody all persons engaged in such

rebellion, or suspected thereof; and to cause all persons so ar-

rested and detained in custody to be brought to trial in a fum-

maryway by courts-martial, to be assembled under such authority

as the said lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors,

shall from time to time direct, and to consist of commitsioned

officers of the line, fencible, or militia regiments, or yeomanry

corps ,

714 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 117. [1803.

corps, not less in number than seven, nor more than thirteen, for

all offences committed in furtherance of the said insurrection and

rebellion, whether such persons shall have been taken in open

arms against his Majesty, or shall have been otherwise concerned

in the said rebellion, or in aiding, or any manner assisting the

same, and to execute the sentences of all such courts-martial ,

whether of death or otherwise, and to do all other acts necessary

for such several purposes ; provided that no sentence of death shall

be given against any offender by such court-martial, unless the

judgement shall pass by the concurrence oftwo thirds at least of

the officers present.

No act done II. And be it enacted, That no act which shall be done in

in pursuance of such orders pursuance of any order which shall be so issued as aforesaid shall

shall he quef be questioned in his Majesty's court of King's-bench in Ireland ,

tioned in any or in any other court of the common law in any part of the united

court.

kingdom : and in order to prevent any doubt which might arise ,

whether any act alleged to have been done in conformity to any

orders so to be issued as aforesaid was so done, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said lord-lieutenant, or other chief go-

vernor or governors, to declare such acts to have been done in

conformity to such orders ; and such declaration signified by any

writing under the hand of such lord-lieutenant, or other chief

governor or governors, shall be a sufficient discharge and indemnity

to all persons concerned in any such acts, and shall, in all cases,

be conclusive evidence that such acts were done in conformity to

such orders.

Officers and

soldiers for

III. And be it further enacted, That all officers, non-com-

acts so done

missioned officers , and soldiers, who shall act under any such

shall be re-

sponsible to

orders as aforesaid, shall be responsible for all things which shall

be done under such orders to such courts-martial only, by which

courts-martial they shall be liable to be tried for any offence against the articles

only.

of war under any act then in force for such purposes ; and such

courts-martial shall have full and exclusive cognizance of all

matters and things which shall be objected against such officers,

non - commissioned officers , and soldiers respectively, and all proceedings shall be had thereon in the same manner as for offences

against the articles of war, and not otherwise ; and the court of

King's- bench in Dublin, or any other court of justice, civil or

criminal, in the united kingdom, shall not take cognizance of any

act, matter, or thing, which shall be done by any such officer ,

non-commissioned officer, or soldier, in pursuance of this act ;

and if any proceeding shall be had in any such court against any

such officer, non- commissioned officer , or soldier, for any such act ,

matter, or thing, by indictment, action , or otherwise, all such

proceedings thall be stayed by summary order, on application

to the court wherein they shall be had.

Ifpersons de-

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be detained

tained fue

in custody under the powers created by this act thall fue forth a

forth a writ

of habeas cor-

writ of habeas-corpus, it shall be a good and sufficient return to

pus, it shall be such writ , that the party suing forth the fame is detained by virtue

a sufficient

of a warrant under the hand and seal of some officer or other

return that

person

に

C

1

10

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 118. 715

person duly authorised by the chief governor or chief governors the party is

for the time being to issue such warrant under the authority of detained by

warrant

this act: provided nevertheless, that the name of such officer or personath

other person so authorised as aforesaid to issue such warrant shall rifed by the

have been previously notified by the lord-lieutenant, or other lord-lieute-

chief governor or governors of Ireland , or his or their chiefnant, &c .

secretary, to the court of King's bench in Dublin, by writing,

signed by the said lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or

chief governors, or his or their chief secretary, and signifying to

the said court that such person or persons was or were so authorifed as aforesaid to exercise the powers specified by this act ; and

when such return shall be made, it shall not be necessary to

bring up the body of the person who is so detained.

20

V. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, ThatAct not to

abridge the

nothing in this act contained shall be construed to take away, prerogative of

tabridge, or diminish the acknowledged prerogative of his his Majesty,

Majesty, for the publick safety, to resort to the exercise of mar- or powersby

tial law against open enemies or traitors, or any powers by law law vested in

lord- lieu-

vested in the said lord-lieutenant or chief governor or governors theant ,&c .

of Ireland, with or without the advice of his Majesty's privy

council , or of any other person or persons whomsoever, to suppress treason and rebellion, and to do any act warranted by law

for that purpose, in the same manner as if this act had never

been made, or in any manner to call in question any acts here-

tofore done for the like purposes .

VI. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be Continuance

in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next ofact, which

session of parliament, and no longer ; and that it shall and may be may be repealed or al-

lawful to repeal, amend, or alter this act, during this session of tered this sef .

parliament.

fion.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act to render more effectual an act, passed in the fifth year of the

reign of his present Majesty , relating to the discovery of the longitude

at fea, and for continuing the encouragement of persons making certaindiscoveries for finding the longitude at fea, or other useful disco-

veries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments

relating thereto; and for discharging certain debts incurred by the

commissioners of the longitude in carrying the acts relating thereto into

execution.- [ July 29, 1803. ]

Act 5 Geo. 3. c. 20. recited. Commissioners of longitude may cause any

nautical almanacks, &c. to be constructed. Licences for printing and

publishing them to be signed by five commissioners, &c . Penalties for

pirated copies to be fued for by the secretary of the commissioners . Act

36Geo. 3. C. 107. recited. Commissioners to certify the amount of debts

incurred for services tending to the benefit of navigation, to the commif-

fioners of the navy, who shall make out bills on the treasurer for discharg-

ing the fame. Commissioners to certify to the navy- board the fitness of

trying experiments for discoveryof the longitude, and aho if they adjudge

any person entitled to a less reward than specified in 14Geo. 3. for disco-

vering improvements. Treasurer to pay bills made out by navy-board.

Debts and rewards not to exceed 5,000/. How rewards shall be certified.

Licences and certificates not liable to stamp- duty.

bas CAP.

716 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 119. [ 1803,1

CAP. CXIX.

an

28

An actfor improving the funds of the chest at Chatham, and for

transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital;

and forameliorating the condition of the pensioners on the said

200

Sir

Or

funds.- [July 29, 1803.]

WHEREAS there now is within this realm a certain ancient

and laudable institution, commonly called or known by the name

forof The Chest at Chatham, for the perpetual reliefof such mariners

andfeafaring men as have been or may happen to be hurt or maimed

in thefervice of his Majesty in the royal navy, or in anyship or vessel

in his Majesty'sservice , either atfea or in harbour , whichsaid chest

is supportedandmaintained not onlyby certain defalcations, deductions,

andabatements, heretofore andstill rightfully and accustomably made

from and out of the wages of certain mariners, seamen, and others, in

bis Majesty's navy , and by the fines and mulets imposed by naval

courts-martial , but also by and with the rents, issues, and profits of t

divers messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments , and the divi-

dends , interest , and produce of certain capitalstock in the publick

funds of and belonging to the said chest ; and whichsaid messuages ,

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, andcapital stock, orfome part or

parts thereof , now are or is vested in Sir Andrew Snape Hamond

baronet, Sir Francis John Hartwell knight, supervisors, and in

John Madgshon gentleman, and Edward Sison gentleman, governors

of thesaid chest , and also in Abel Moysey esquire, deputy remem-

brancer of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, some or

one of them , or in some other person or persons, to the use of or in

trustfor the said chest : and whereas the affairs of the said chest are

now conducted and managed at Chatham in the county of Kent by

certain officers and persons removeable every year : and whereas in

order the more effectually to secure the due administration of the trusts

of the said chest , and to increase the funds thereof , and also the better

toprovidefor the relief of such maimed and wounded mariners and

seafaring men as aforesaid , it is expedient not only that the said theft

should be removed from Chatham aforesaid , to the royal hospital for

seamen at Greenwich, and be there placed under thefuperintendance

and controulof the persons hereinafter named , but also that the affairs

of the said chest should be conducted and managed as hereinafter mentioned , and that the said messuages, lands, tenements, andberedita-

ments, should befold and disposed of , and the monies arising therefrom

vested in the publickfunds, in trust for the use and benefit of thesaid

cheft : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be en-

acted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty ,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled ,

The chest at

Chatham tobe and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paff-

removed to ing of his act , the said institution, commonly called or known

Greenwich , by the name of The Chestat Chatham, shall be removed from

and to be cal. Chatham in the county ofKent, to his Majesty's royal hospital for

at Greenwicht seamen at Greenwich in the same county, to be there conducted

and

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 119. 717

and managed as hereinafter mentioned, and that the same shall

be from henceforth denominated and called The Chest at Green-

wich ; and that all the powers and authorities, rights, privileges,

and advantages now vested in the said Sir Andrew Snape Hamond,

Sir Francis John Hartwell , John Madgshon, and Edward Sifon,

or in any other person or persons whatsoever, shall cease and de-

termine, and that the same shall from and after the passing of

this act, be and they are hereby vested in the first commissioner Powers vested

for executing the office of lord high admiral of the united king. in a body cor-

dom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, the comp- porate, te, to be

called Super-

troller of his Majesty's navy for the time being , the governor of visors of the

his Majesty's royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich for the time Chest at

being , and the auditor of the said hospital for the time being, as Greenwich.

fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as

the fame were before the passing of this act vested in or enjoyed

by the said Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Sir Francis John Hartwell ,

' John Madg shon, and Edward Sifon , or in or by any other person

or persons whatsoever ; which said first commissioner for executing the office of lord high admiral, comptroller of his Majesty's

navy , governor of the said hospital, and auditor of the said hof-

pital, shall be and they are hereby created for ever hereafter one

body politick and corporate, in deed and name, by the name,

style, and title of the Supervisors of the Chest at Greenwich, and

by that name shall have perpetual succession, and shall have a

common seal, and by that name shall and may fue and be sued ;

and also shall and may have power and authority to purchase,

take, and receive any lands, tenements , and hereditaments, to

them, their fuccessors and assigns, and also to take and receive

the gifts , either by way of alienation or devise , of any person or

persons, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for any

estate or interest whatsoever, for the use of the said chest, with-

out incurring any of the penalties or forfeitures of the statute

of mortmain ; and all persons whatsoever are hereby enabled to

convey and devise the fame, and to give and bequeath any

goods, money, or chattels whatsoever, for the use and benefit of

the said cheft ; any law , statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof

in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lands and

all and every the messuages, lands , tenements, and heredita- hereditaments

vested in cor-

ments, with their several rights, members, and appurtenances, poration, who

heretofore given, granted, devised, fettled upon, or vested in , may fell the

or conveyed or limited, or demised or assigned to any person or fame.

persons whomsoever, in trust for, or for the use or benefit of the

said chest, or given, granted, or devised to the said chest by any

gift, grant, letters- patent, charter, will, letters of administra-

tion, indentures, deed poll, or other deed or writing, or other-

wife howsoever ; and the reversion and reversions, remainder

and remainders, rents, issues, and profits thereof , shall, from

and after the passing of this act, be divested out of all and every

such person and persons, his, her, and their heirs, executors ,

and administrators, and the same shall be, and shall be deemed to

718 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORG11 III . c. 119. [1803 .

to be, and they are accordingly from henceforth fettled upon and

vested in the said corporation, their successors and assigns , to the

ufe of the said corporation, their fuccessors and assigns, for ever,

freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title ,

estate, interest, claim, and demand, as any person or persons

whatsoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said

messuages , lands, tenements , and hereditaments, or in or to

any part or parcel thereof , upon any account whatsoever, upon

trust and to the intent and purpose that they the said corporation ,

and their successors, do and shall forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, by publick auction

or otherwise, as to them in their discretion shall seem fit, make

sale and disposition of all and every the said messuages, lands,

tenements , and hereditaments, so hereby vested in them as

aforesaid, with their and every of their rights, members, and

appurtenances , at and for the best price or prices that can or

may be had or gotten for the fame ; and upon receipt of the

monies arising therefrom, upon trust, and to the intent and

purpose that they the said corporation, and their fuccessors, do

and thall forthwith invest the same in the purchase of capital

stock in the three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities,

in the name of the said corporation, for the use and benefit of

the said cheft ; and in the mean time, and until such sale and

disposition of the said messuages, lands, tenements, and heredi-

taments, or any part or parts thereof , shall take place, upon

trust that they the said corporation do and shall pay and apply

the rents, issues, and profits of the said messuages, lands, tene-

ments, and hereditaments, or of such part or parts thereof of

which no such sale or disposition shall have been made to and for

the use and benefit of the said chest.

Lands fold to

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

be conveyed That all and every the said messuages, lands, tenements, and

to purchasers. hereditaments so to be fold as aforesaid, shall, from and after

the sale thereof , be and enure to the use of the several and respec-

tive purchaser and purchasers thereof , or of any part or parts

thereof respectively, his , her, and their respective heirs, execu-

tors, administrators, and assigns, according to the respective

nature and quality of such lands, tenements, hereditaments,

and premises respectively, freed and discharged, and absolutely

acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of , from, and against all

the uses, estates, titles, trusts , powers, provisoes, and limita-

tions expressed and declared in any deed or deeds, conveyance of

conveyances heretofore made concerning the said messuages,

Jands, tenements, and hereditaments , with regard to the laid

Stock now

cheft. IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ,

standing for

the use of the

That all and every person and persons, in whose name or names

said chest to

any stock, annuities, or other monies is or are now standing or

be assigned to

being, in trust for or for the use or benefit of the said chest, or

the corpora- tion .

in whom any stock , annuities , or other monies hath or have

been invested , for or for the use or benefit of the said chest, and

the

re

Te

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 119. 719

the survivors and survivor of them, or the executors or admini-

strators of such survivor, shall , as soon as conveniently may be

after the passing of this act, assign and transfer such stock, annui-

ties, or other monies as aforesaid, unto the said corporation, for

the use and benefit of the said cheft.

V. And be it further enacted , That the said supervisors, or For appoint !

the major part of them, shall and they are hereby authorised and ment of direc-

required, as soon as conveniently maybe after the passing of this tors of the

cheft at

act , to nominate, select, and appoint, from and out of the lieu- Greenwich.

tenant governor, captains, and lieutenants of and belonging to

at the faidroyal hospital at Greenwich, five fit and proper persons

(regard being had to their state of health and competency for

that purpose) to transact and manage all the affairs and concerns

of and relating to the said chest, which, before the passing of this

act, were or had been usually transacted and managed by the

governors of the said chest, with such salaries in addition to the

pay received by them respectively from the said hospital, not exceeding the sum of sixty pounds per annum to each of the said

five persons, as they the said supervisors in their discretion shall

think fit ; which said five persons so to be nominated , selected,

and appointed as aforesaid, shall be called Directors of the Chest

at Greenwich, and shall respectively be subject to removal from

their said offices by the said supervisors, or the major part of

them, at their discretion ; and that all vacancies from time to

time happening among the said directors by death, resignation,

or removal , shall be immediately filled up by the remaining

directors , out of and from among such officers as aforesaid ,

subject to the approbation of the said supervisors, or the major

part of them for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Appointing

the said supervisors, or the major part of them, shall and they officers and

are hereby authorised and required, as soon as conveniently may

clerks.✔be after the passing of this act, to appoint the following officers ,

clerks , and other persons to conduct and carry on the business

of the said chest ; (that is to say ), one surgeon and one assistant

surgeon, to be respectively chosen from among the surgeons be-

longing to the said hospital, with salaries in addition to their

respective pay from the said hospital, not exceeding to the fur-

✓ geon the sum of fifty pounds per annum, and to the said assistant

surgeon the sum of thirty pounds per annum ; one cheque clerk

upon the treasurer of the navy, with a salary not exceeding the

✓ sum of sixty pounds per annum; and one door-keeper and one

messenger (being respectively pensioners residing in the said hof-

pital) with salaries of ten pounds per annum to the said door-

keeper and messenger respectively ; all which said officers , clerks,

and persons, hall be removeable from their said offices respec-

✓tively, at the discretion of the said supervisors, or the major

part of them for the time being ; and that all vacancies from

time to time happening by the death , resignation , or removal of

✓ any such officers , clerks, and persons, shall be immediately filled

up by the said supervisors, or the major part of them for the

time being. VII. And

720 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. с. 119. [1803.

Accountant VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

and clerks to That the said directors, or the major part of them, so to be ap-

be appointed. pointed as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby directed and required, as soon as conveniently may be after their nomination

as aforesaid, and so from time to time as occasion shall require ,

to nominate and appoint one fit and proper person to be accountant to the said chest, with a salary not exceeding the fum

of three hundred pounds per annum, and also two clerks to the

said accountant, with a salary to one of such clerks of one hundred and forty pounds per annum ; and to the other of such clerks

of one hundred pounds per annum; which said accountant and

clerks shall be removeable from their said offices respectively, at

the discretion of the said directors, or the major part of them for

the time being.

Compensation VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tobemade

for lofs of

That, in order to make compensation to such person or persons

offices.

as may happen to be removed, under and by virtue of this act,

from any offices, places, or employments in the affairs of the

said chest, now held and enjoyed by them, with salaries annexed

thereto, it shail and may be lawful to and for the said supervisors,

and they are hereby directed and required, to pay and allow to

all and every such person and persons (not being again appointed

to the like or any other offices, places, or employments in the

affairs of the said chest, under and by virtue of this act, nor

vacating such their said offices, places, or employments, on any

account, or which would have vacated the same before the paff-

ing of this act) such sum and sums of money, and payable at

such time or times, as and for compensation for the loss of any

such offices, places, or employments, not exceeding the amount

of two years salary, nor less than the amount of one year's

salary, to each of such respective persons, as to the said supervi-

fors, or the major part of them, in their discretion shall seem

fit; and that all such allowances shall be defrayed and paid out

of the monies appropriated for the payment of the ordinary expences of his Majesty's navy.

provided. Offices to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That the lords - commissioners of

the admiralty, together with the governorof the said royalhospital,

shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act,

allot and appropriate, or erect and build, or purchase and pro-

cure, within or near to the said hospital, such and so many

convenient rooms , offices , and other places, as shall be necef-

fary for the purpose of transacting and carrying on the business

of the said cheft ; and shall also fit up, furnish , and provide the

fame with all needful and necessary fixtures, furniture, and other

things, at the expence of the said chest.

Records and

X. And be it further enacted, That all records, muniments,

books to be

books, papers , and accounts whatsoever, relating to the said

delivered over cheft, now in the custody or power of the present governors

to the direc

tors .

thereof, thall forthwith, upon the appointment of the said direc-

tors of the said chest, be delivered over to the said directors, to

be by them carefully preserved and kept for the use and benefit

of the said cheft.

XI. And

E

00

Or

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 119. 721

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said supervisors, or Rules and re-

the major part of them, shall, and they are hereby directed gulations for

granting and

forthwith to make and establish such rules and regulations for paying pen-

the granting, allotting, and paying off pensions out of the said fions .

chest, and for the conducting and managing of the affairs thereof,

as they in their discretion shall think fit ; and also that the said

directors, or the major part of them for the time being, shall,

from time to time, make and establish such further rules and

regulations for the purposes aforesaid , as occasion shall require ;

but that none of the rules and regulations so to be made and

established by the said directors shall be carried into effect until

de

the same shall have been approved and confirmed by the said

supervisors , or the major part of them, for the time being.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent the Meetings of

inconveniencies arising to persons applying for relief from the directors to

said chest , from being unnecessarily detained upon that occasion,

beweekly.

the said directors, or three of them at the least , shall, and they

the t

are hereby required to meet on Tuesday in every week, for the

purpose of examining into and considering the cases of all such

persons so applying for relief as aforesaid; and they the said

directors shall thereupon forthwith determine upon the cafe or

cases of the person or persons so applying, unless they shall see

occasion to adjourn the consideration thereof .

XIII. And, the more effectually to enable such mariners andfea-

faring men, to whom pensions are or

shall be granted out of the said

cheft, to receive the fame in the most easy and convenient manner, and

for preventing frauds and abuses attending the fame ; be it enacted

by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, toEnabling pert

and for the said directors, or the major part of them, and they fioners to re-

are hereby authorised and required, as often as there shall be ceive their

monies in an

occasion , to make out or cause to be made out two bills for easyis a

every pension granted out of the said cheft ; which bills shall be and prevent-

duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, ing frauds.

or devices, in such manner as the said directors shall think pro-

per, and shall be payable to such pensioner by the receiver-

general of the land- tax for any county, riding, or city , within

the united kingdom, collector of the customs for any port ,

collector of excise for any collection in the united kingdom, or

clerk of the cheque at any of his Majesty's dock yards respec-

20

tively, near which such pensioner shall happen to reside, accord-

ing to the appointment of such bills : and the said bills being

numbered and dated shall be signed by the said directors, or any

three of them, and attested by the said accountant, or one of

his said clerks, and be written or printed according to the fol-

lowing form :

VOL. XLIV.

3A

The

722 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 119. [1803

8

م

The Form-A. No. 1. Chest at Greenwich.

Sir, Pay to B. D. of

in the county of

pensioner of the chest at Greenwich, upon producing the dupli-

cate hereof , together with a certificate under the hands of the

minister and churchwardens [or, in that part of the unitedking-

dom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland , under the hands

of the minister and two elders ] of the parish where the said B. D.

resides, that the said B.D. to the best of their knowledge and

belief , is the person named in such bill , the fum of

being on account of the pension of the said B. D. if the same

shall be demanded within six calendar months from the date

hereof , otherwise you are to return this bill to the accountant of

the cheft at Greenwich.

Signed A. B.

C. D.

E. F.

? }Directors of the cheft

atGreenwich.

Attested, C. D. accountant, (or, clerk to the accountant) of the chest at Greenwich.

To

The receiver-general of the land- tax

of the county of

The collector of the customs at the port of

The collector of the excise at

The clerk of the cheque at

(as the cafe may be)

By virtue of the act of the forty-third of King George the Third.

N. B. The personating or falsely assuming the name and

character of any pensioner of the chest at Greenwich, or his exe-

cutor or administrator, in order to receive the he pension due to such

pensioner, his executor or administrator, or procuring any other

todo the fame, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by the

act of the forty-third ofKing George the Third.

And as soon as the said bills shall be so made out and signed , the

said directors shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwise ,

through the oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall cause

one of the said bills to be transmitted forthwith to the person

nominated and specified in such bills, and the other of the said

bills to be transmitted forthwith to the said receiver-general of

the land- tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or

clerk of the cheque, on whom such bills shall be so drawn as

aforesaid, and the said receiver-general of the land-tax, collector

of the customs, collector of excise, and clerk of the cheque, if

the said duplicates of such bills shall be produced and delivered

to either of them respectively, within six calendar months from the

1

t

D

2

U

0

C

a

t

d

t

d

re

O

t

te

0

Π

6

仁

141803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 119. 723

the date thereof , are hereby required and enjoined to examine

such duplicate, together with the certificate to be produced as

aforesaid, and to inquire into the truth thereof by the oath of

the person producing the fame, or such person being a quaker,

by the solemn affirmation of such person (which oath or affirma-

tion they are hereby respectively authorised and required to ad-

dminister), and upon being duly satisfied of the truth of such

certificate, to testify the same on the back of such bill , and shall

immediately pay to such pensioner, without fee or reward, on

any pretence whatsoever, the sum contained in such bill, taking

at his receipt for the same on the back thereof; which bill so paid,

i upon being produced and delivered at the office of the treasurer

of the navy, shall be immediately repaid by the said treasurer to

24 such receiver-general of the land-tax, collector of the customs ,

collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, or to the order of

any such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of

the excise, or clerk of the cheque , respectively ; but in cafe the

duplicate of such bill shall not be produced and delivered, and

the payment thereof be demanded, within six calendar months

from the date thereof, or if a proper certificate of the person

claiming such pension be not likewise produced, then the said

receiver general, collector of the customs , collector of the excise ,

or clerk of the cheque, shall return such bill to the directors of

the said chest at Greenwich, who shall cause such bill to be can-

celled ; and from and after the cancelling of the fame, such part

of the said pension shall accrue and become payable in like

manner as if the said bill had not been made out ; all which said

bills and receipts to be so made and given as aforesaid shall be

free and exempt from and not liable to any duty of stamps what-

foever, any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstand-

ingXIV.10

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every pensioner who Pensioners to

inform the

shall be entitled under the authority of this act to receive pay-directors upon

ment of his pension by remittance as herein-before mentioned change of

shall , as often as he shall change his place of abode, give notice residence.

4 thereof to the said directors, or to the accountant for the said

chest; and in cafe, for want of any such notice , any loss shall

happen by reason of the remittance of the duplicate of such pen-

fioner's bill, to the place from which such pensioner shall have

removed, without giving such notice, such loss shall fall upon

and be borne and sustained by the pensioner so making default in

this behalf.

XV . Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Mode ofpro-

if any such receiver- general, collector of the customs, collector ceeding in

cafes where

of the excise, or clerk of the cheque , to whom the duplicate of collectors shali

any of the bills herein-before directed to be made out shall be not have pub-

tendered for payment, shall not then have in his hands publick lick money in

money sufficient to answer the fame , and shall refuse or delay hand.

the immediate payment thereof , such receiver-general, collector

of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque,

shall immediately indorse on the back of the said duplicate the day

3 A2

724 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 119. [ 1803.

day of its being so tendered to him, and the cause of his refusal

or delay to pay the same , and shall appoint thereon, for the payment of such bill , some future day within the space of two months

at the farthest, from the day of its having been first tendered to

him as aforesaid ; which duplicate, with the indorsement thereon,

shall be immediately delivered back to the person presenting the

Penalty on

same ; and if upon complaint to be made to the respective com-

persons wil-

fullydelaying

missioners appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to

the payment

manage the said several duties of the land- tax, customs, or excise ,

of anybill.

or to the commissioners of the navy, if the person complained of

be a clerk of the cheque, it shall appear that such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of

the cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed

the payment of such bill , or that such receiver-general, collector

of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, or

any person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or

indirectly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, discount ,

or deduction whatsoever, on account of the payment of the said

bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of

the said commissioners to convict and fine any such offender

under their respective direction, in any sum not exceeding fifty

pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence ;

which conviction shall be made by such respective commissioners ;

and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the fame

manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be

made and any penalty may be levied or recovered for any offence

against any law by which any custom or excise is imposed or

laid ; and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the in-

former or informers against such offender or offenders.

Allowing in

the accounts

of the trea-

furer of the

navy all bills

paid by him.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all the bills so paid by the said treasurer of the navy shall

be allowed as so much cash paid in ready money in the accounts

of the said treasurer of the navy with the said directors of the

said chest at Greenwich, and the said directors of the said chest

at Greenwich are hereby required and directed to allow and pay

the same to the said treasurer of the navy accordingly .

XVII. And whereas divers wicked practices may be carried onby

persons knowingly and wilfully personating, andfalsely assuming the

name and character of any pensioner of the said chest , or the executor

or administrator of any such pensioner, in order to receive the money

due to any such pensioner on account of his pension; be it further

Persons per fonating pen-

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the

fioners shall

passing of this act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall

suffer death.

personate or falsely assume the name or character of , or procure

any other to personate or falsely to assume the name or character

of any person entitled or supposed to be entitled as a pensioner,

or as the executor or administrator of any person entitled or fup-

posed to be entitled as a pensioner , to any pension or allowance

of money from the said chest, in order to receive the money due

or supposed to be due on such pension, every such person fo

offending, and being lawfully convicted of any such offence or offences ,

T

Or

T

A

of

Pro

by

10

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 119. 725

+ offences, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death as a

felon without benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person upon Punishingper-

examination upon oath or affirmation before any receiver-general fon fons guilty of

of the land-tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, perjury.

or clerk of the cheque, touching any of the matter or things

# herein -before directed to be inquired into, upon oath or affirma-

tion as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm

any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue , every such

person so offending , and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall

be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like pains

and penalties, as any person convicted of wilful and corrupt per-

jury is by any law now in force subject and liable to.

XIX . And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid , Accountant

That all letters or packets addressed to the said directors, or and his clerk

their accountant for the time being, upon any business or affairs may send and

receive letters

* relating to the said chest, shall, from and after the passing of this and packets

act , be free from the duty of postage ; and also that all letters or upon business

packets sent by the said accountant, or in his absence by his chiefrelating to the

clerk for the time being, in the execution of this act, in manner

said chest, free

from theduty

and form hereinafter directed, shall be fent free from the said ofpostage.

duty of postage ; and all letters and packets relating to the exe-

cution of this act, that shall be forwarded by the said accountant

or his said chief clerk as aforesaid, shall be under covers with the

words " Pursuant to Act of Parliament Forty- third George the

Third," printed upon the same; and the said accountant or his

said chief clerk, as the cafe may be, shall write his name under

the fame ; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly

prohibited from inclosing or sending under such covers, any

writing, paper, or parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate

to the execution of this act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any such accountant Penalty on

for clerk as aforesaid shall presume to send or convey, under any ante

such account-

of the covers aforesaid, any writing, paper, or parcel, other fending any

than those relating to the execution of this act, he shall for every writing , pa-

such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to per, or parcel

be recovered with full costs of suit by any person or persons, by other than

action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's the act.

relating to

courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoign, privilege,

protection, wager of law , or more than one imparlance shall be

allowed; one moiety of which penalty shall go to the person

who shall fue for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to and

for the benefit of the said chest .

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignments

made bypen-

That all assignments, bargains, sales, orders, contracts, agree- fioners shall be

ments, or securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made void.

by any pensioner, for, upon, or in respect of any fum or fums of

money to become due on any pension granted or to be granted

by the directors of the said chest, shall be absolutely null and

void to all intents and purposes .

XXII. Pro-

726 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 120. [1803,

Pension to be XXII. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That in

paid to any cafe any pensioner to whom such duplicate of bill hall be re-

other person

whenthepen- mitted shall be prevented or disabled from appearing personally

fioner cannot before the receiver- general, collector of the customs, collector of

appear per- fonally.

the excise, or clerk of the cheque, by bodily infirmity, and such

disability shall be certified in writing by the minister and church-

wardens or ministers and elders (as the cafe may be) of the

parish where such pensioner may happen to reside, or by the

physician, surgeon, or apothecary attending him , then and in

such case, the sum mentioned in such duplicate of bill shall be

paid to any other person whom such pensioner shall by writing

under his hand, to be indorsed upon such duplicate, order the

same to be paid ; such person at the time of demanding payment

thereof , producing such duplicate of bill, together with such

certificates respectively, as to the identity of such pensioner,

and his inability to appear personally as before mentioned, and

giving a receipt for the fame at the foot of such order ; which

order, and also the receipt last-mentioned, shall be respectively

free from the duty of stamps ; and such receipt shall be as effec-

tual in law to all intents and purposes as if given by such pen-

fioner, any thing herein- before contained to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding .

CAP. CXX.

An att to amend an act made in this present session of parliament ,

intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual an act,

passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, ' An act

to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the de-

fence and security of the realm, during the present war , and

for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by

such measures as may be necessary for that purpose; and to

enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise

his ancient and undoubted prerogativein requiring the military

force of his liege subjects in case of invasion of the realm.-

[ August 11 , 1803. ]

43Geo. 3 .

c. 96. recited.

WH HEREAS an act hath been passed in the present seffion of

parliament, intituled , An act to amend and render more

effectual an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide

for the defence and security of the realm, during the present war,

and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property

by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose; ' and to

Aenable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his

ancient and undoubted prerogative in requiring the military

service of his liege subjects in case of invasion of the realm : and

whereas it is expedient that thesoid actshould be amended infome re-

Spects; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

MOM XX and

こ

د

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 120. 727

and by the authority of the same, That whenever the number of If the number

effective men enrolled and serving in any volunteer corps, which ofvolunteers

inanycounty,

shall have been or shall be formed in any county, district, or &c. shall be

parish, with the approbation of his Majesty, under any act or satisfactory to

acts of parliament now in force, or which shall be passed in the his Majesty,

present seffion of parliament, relating to volunteer corps , and of he may fuf-

the men engaged to serve as volunteers under the said recitedpend the ope-

act, in such county, district , or parish, shall appear satisfactory recited act,

to his Majesty, and such volunteer corps or volunteers aforesaid although they

respectively shall have agreed or shall agree to be trained and shall not

amount to

exercised and to march to any part of Great Britain for the three-fourths

defence thereof , in case of actual invasion or the appearance of of the first

an enemy in force upon the coast, and for the suppreffion of any class .

- rebellion or insurrection, as in the said recited act is mentioned,

it shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend , within such county,

district, or parish, such of the provisions of the said act as require the men enrolled for military service under the same to be

trained, exercised, drawn out, assembled, or embodied in such

manner and under and subject to such conditions, rules , and regulations as in the said recited act are mentioned, although the

✓ number of effective men enrolled and serving in such volunteer

corps and engaged to serve as volunteers under the said recited

act in such county, district, or parish shall not amount unto

three- fourths of the whole number of men enrolled for service

in the first class of such county , district , or parish respectively ;

any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding .

II . And be it further enacted, That no person being one of Provisions

the people of the church or congregations called the Unitas relating to

Fratrum, or United Brethren, shall be liable to military service Quakers to

entend to the

under the said recited act, so long as he thall continue to be of UnitedBre-

that persuasion ; and that all and every other the provisions in thren.

the said recited act contained in relation to the people called

Quakers shall apply and extend and be construed to apply and

extend to all persons being of the people called Unitas Fratrum

or United Brethren, as fully and effectually to all intents and

purposes as if the said people called Unitas Fratrum or United

Brethren, had been expressly named in such provisions ; any

thing contained in the said recited act to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding .

III . And be it further enacted, That no master or mate of Masters and

any merchant or trading vessel, nor any person bound an appren- mates of

tice to any master of any merchant or trading vessel actually trading vef .

fels , or ap-

serving on board such vessel, or in actual employ as such master prentices to

or mate thereof, or as such apprentice, shall be subject or liable such masters,

نا

to any fines by the said recited act imposed for non - attendance not liable to

at the times and places of training and exercise in the parish for fine while serving on

which he shall be enrolled so long as such master, mate, or ap- boardfor non-

prentice shall be so actually serving or in actual employ as afore - attendance

نا

said ; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary thereof at exercise .

notwithstanding.

IV. And

728 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 120.A[ 1803.

Anyperson removing to

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any person shall

another parim propose to remove altogether from his place of residence in any

andgiving parish for which he shallhave been enrolled under the said recited notice thereof act in order to reside in any other parish, and shall give notice

to the consta- thereof , and also of the name of the parish to which he intends

ble, &c. where

enrolled, and to remove, to the constable, schoolmaster, or other proper

making a re- parochial officer of such parish for which he shall have been en-

turnofhimself rolled, and shall return an account of himself , containing the

to the confta- particulars required by the said act, to the constable, school-

parish to- ble, &c. of the master,

or other proper parochial officer for the parish to which

which he re- he shall remove, in order to his being enrolled therein, and ( hall

moves, shall obtain from such constable, schoolmaster, or other proper paro-

bedischarged chial officer a certificate of such enrolment ( which certificate

such constable, schoolmaster, or other parochial officer is

Pecited asof hereby required, having previouslyenrolled such person, togiveact

with respect accordingly ) and shall transmit such certificate of enrolment to

to his former the constable, schoolmaster, or other proper parochial officer of

parish . the parith from which he shall have removed, then and in such

cafe every such person shall thereupon be discharged in respect

of such parish from all the provisions of the said recited act to

which he would thereupon have been subject and liable in cafe

he had remained therein, and shall from thenceforth be and be

deemed and considered to be enrolled in the said parish to which

he shall remove, and shall be subject and liable therein from the

time of such new enrolment to all the provisions of the faidre

cited act to which he would thenceforth have been subject and

liable in the parish from which he shall have removed in cafe he

had remained therein.

Persons quit-

ting Great

V. And be it further enacted, That where any person who

shall have been enrolled under the said recited act in any parish

ing notiegi thereof , shall

shall afterwards leave Great Britain, every such person , giving

notice thereof to the constable, schoolmaster, or other proper

from provi- provisions of the said recited act so long only as he shallcontinue S

fions ofrecited out of Great Britain .

actduring

his absence.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when

Constables, ever any person shall, by virtue of this act, be discharged from

&c. to return the enrolment of any parish, or shall be enrolled therein upon

of the fubdi-

to the clerks his removal from any other parish, the constable, schoolmaster,

visions lifts of or other proper parochial officer of the parish in which any such

persons dif- discharge or new enrolment shall take place, shall and they are

charged or

hereby required to return to the clerk of the subdivisionwherein

newly en-

the same shall be situate, at the next subdivision meetingsubse-

rolled .

quent to the time of any such discharge or new enrolment , alift

ofall such persons who shall have been so discharged from or

sent from Persons ab-

newly enrolled in such parish by virtue of this act .

VII . And be it further enacted, That when any person who

shall have been absent at any time or temporary

and provines ,purposes only from the parish for whicmes for any terolled ,

and in which he shall be liable to be trained and exercised as

aforesaid, shall uponhis return to such parish prove to the fatis-on their re-

turn, that

faction

or

45

20

2

L

1 : 1803 .] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 120 . 729

faction of the commanding officer, or the constable, schoolmaster, they have

for other proper officer thereof , or any deputy lieutenant of the beenprevent-

edfrombeing

subdivision wherein the same shall be situate, that he hath been trained in any

prevented during the time of such absence from being trained other parith,

brand exercised in any other parish, by reason that he hath been and obtaining

travelling without having continued a sufficient length of time a certificate

from the

in any parish to enable him to be trained and exercised therein, commanding

or by reason of his not having been resident in any place during officer, shall

such absence within four miles of any place oftraining and ex-be discharged

ercise, and shall obtain a certificate from such commanding of- frompenalty

on certain

ficer, constable, schoolmaster, or other proper officer, or any conditions .

such deputy lieutenant, of his having so done, every such person

shall be discharged from all fines to which he would during such

Cabsence have been liable under the said recited act for non-

Darode

attendance at the times and places of training and exercise in

such parish for which he shall be enrolled as aforesaid, provided

such person shall offer to the commanding officer, constable,

schoolmaster, or other proper officer of such parish, to be trained

and exercised, and shall (if required so to do) actually attend to

be trained and exercised for so many days in addition to the usual

days appointed for training and exercise in such parish after his

return thereto as shall have been appointed for that purpose

during his absence.

VIII . And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty Lieutenant,

shall think fit to direct that an any officer or officers appointed for &c. may ap-

training and disciplining the persons ordered to be trained and point officers

in the room

exercised in any parish or united parishes under the provisions of of any re-

the said recited act shall be removed or displaced, and that the movedby his

lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants acting in his absence, of the Majesty's di-

county wherein such parish shall be situate shall appoint any

rections .

other fit and proper person or persons in his or their room, it

shall be lawful for such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to appoint any such other fit and proper person cr persons to be an

officer or officers in the room of the officer or officers who shall

be so removed, whether the person or persons so appointed as

aforesaid shall be resident in such parish or not.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Captains of

captain of each company of men who shall be ordered to be companies

trained and exercised under the said recited act to appoint fit and may appoint

acertain

proper persons to be non- commissioned officers, not exceeding number of

the proportion of fix serjeants, fix corporals, and two drummers, non- commif-

for every one hundred and twenty men ; any thing in the said fioned officers

- recited an act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. anddrum-

mers.

X. And be it further enacted, That every person enrolled in Volunteers,

any volunteer corps or company , whether the same shall have and persons

been formed before the passing of this act, or shall be formed trainedunder

after the passing thereof , under any act or acts now in force re- recited act,

lating to volunteer corps, or under the said recited act, and also thall take the

oath of al-any other person who shall be trained and exercised under the legiance.

said recited act, shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty,

his heirs and successors; and such oath shall and may be admi- niftered

730 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 120. [1803.

nistered to all such persons as shall have been enrolled in any such

volunteer corps before the passing of this act, as soon as maybe

after the passing thereof , and to all such persons as shall be en-

rolled in any volunteer corps after the passing of this act, as soon

as may be after their enrolment in such corps by any deputy

lieutenant or justice of the peace, or by any commissioned officer

of such corps ; and such oath shall and may be administered to

all such persons not being in any volunteer corps or company

as shall be trained and exercised under the said recited act at the

time of his first attendance for the purpose of being trained and

exercised, or as soon after as may be, by any deputy lieutenant

or by any justice of the peace, or by any commissioned officer

appointed for the purpose of training and exercising such last-

mentioned persons respectively .

Deputy-lieu-

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

tenants, or

commanding deputy lieutenants of any subdivifions, or for the commanding

officers of

officer of any volunteer corps or company formed in any parish

parochial or united parishes, with the approbation of his Majesty, under

corps, with

the said recited act , to agree with and employ any such serjeant

his Majesty's approbation,

or other person as in the said recited act is mentioned , for the

may employ purpose of instructing such volunteer corps or companies in the

serjeants, &c. ufe of arms, and to allow to such person any fum not exceeding

toinstruct the two shillings and sixpenceper day for every day of his attendance

corps, not

being less than for that purpose, to be paid by such persons, and in such man-

sixty , and ner , and under such and the like penalties for the refusal or neg-

make them an left to pay the same as in the said recited act are mentioned with

allowance not respect to the sum of two thillings and sixpence thereby autho

exceeding 25. rised to be paid to the serjeant or other person employed

to in-

6d. per day . ftruct the persons liable to be trained and exercisedunder the

directions of the said act : provided always, that every such

volunteer corps or company shall consist of sixty men at the

مانleaft .

XII. And whereas by the said recited at any lord-lieutenant of

any county is empowered, with the approbation of his Majesty, to af-

Lord licute- point any deputy lieutenant to act for him within the county as lick

nant, with

tenant thereof , during the necessary and unavoidable absence of pub

the approba- lord- lieutenant, and no

longer; now be it enacted , Thatit mall be

tion of his lawful for any such lord- lieutenant, with the of his

7

appointa may Majesty, to appoint any such deputy lieuten approbati for him

putylieute . de-

to act

within the county as lieutenant thereof , as well during the sick

ness or other disability as during the necessary and unavoidable

for him dur-

absence of such lord- lieutenant .

ing sickness,

XIII . And be it further enacted, That such of the provisions

&c.

in the said recited act contained as relate to the keeping and

Provisions of

viewing such arms and accoutrements as his Majesty may order

recited act

relative to

and direct to be provided for the use of any parith or parithes ,

arms, &c . to and to the expence attending the fame, and to thepay olentof t

extend to

such expences, shall extend and be applied to all cafes where

unitedparishes

any two or more parishes shall be united for the purposes of the

L

said act, or where any extra-parochial place or places baland extra-

mallbe

parochial places. added to any parish or

parishes, as fully and effectuallyas if the

fame

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 121. 731

fame provisions had been by the said act expressly applied to

united parishes and extra-parochial places .

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of

provisions of this act shall , in the execution of the said recited this andre-

cited act to

act, be used and applied and construed in like manner as if the beconftrued

same provisions were specially enacted in the said act ; and all as one act .

and every the provisions of the said act shall, in the execution

of this act, except where the same are thereby expressly varied,

be used and applied, extended and construed in like manner as

if the fame provisions (except as aforesaid ) were specially en-

acted in this act.

CAP. CXXI.Y

be

An altfor authorising the billetting of such troops ofyeomanry and

volunteer cavalry as may be desirous of assemblingfor the purpose of

being trained together , in Great Britain and Ireland; and for

Subjecting to military discipline , during the war, such serjeants

serving in any volunteer or yeomanry corps of cavalry or infantry as

receive constant pay, and all trumpeters, drummers, or bugle- men

Serving therein, and receiving pay at any daily or weekly rate ; and

- for the further regulating of such yeomanry and volunteer corps.-

[ August 11, 1803. ]

THEREAS an act passed in the forty - secondyear of the reign 42 Geo . 3.

Majesty to avail himself of the offers of certain yeomanry and C. 66.

volunteer corps to co continue their services : and whereas it is

expedient to regulate the returns and musters of such corps, and

thereby to make provisions in relation tofuch corps, that no persons w

enrolled thereinshall be entitled to or have any exemptions from being

ballotted toserve in any additional militaryforce raised or to be raised

for the defence of the united kingdom, unless they shall appear to be

and are returned under this act as effective and fit to serve: and

whereas many corps and troops of volunteer cavalry in Great

Britain, whose offers of service have been accepted by his Majesty,

or which may hereafter beformed in pursuance of thesaid act, are or

may be desirous of assembling together atfuch convenient places, and

forsuch time as may befixed under the authority of his act , for the

purpose ofmore effectually training and disciplining themselves, and

for that purpose it may be necessary to provide quarters, and to billet

such of thesaid volunteers as may not find it convenient to return to

their own houses after each day's exercise : and whereas it is also expedient to make regulations respectingferjeants, corporals, trumpeters,

and drummers, serving in or with such corps in Great Britain and

Ireland ; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That the several and respec- Commanding

tive officers commanding such corps respectively shall, on or officers to

before make returns

732 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 121. [ 1803, 1

of their corps before the first day of September succeeding the passing of his be

at certain

periods.

act, and on or before the first day of January, the first day of f

May, and the first day of September, in each and every succeed. be

ing year, during the continuance of the war, make returns to

100

the clerk of the general meetings of lieutenancy, according to

the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (A. ) , for

10

the use of the respective lieutenants of their respective counties,

and certify the same to be true, in the form contained in the

schedule to this act annexed, marked ( B. ) ; and every such commanding officer shall distinguish in all such returns the effective

from the non-effective members of such corps, together with the

names of all such persons as have joined their respective corps

since the last returns, and which of such persons respectively

shall have entered themselves as effective members thereof , and

the names of all persons who shall continue effective members

of such corps respectively, and also the names of all such per

sons as shall, by reason ofdefaults in not attending the exercise

of any such corps, have become non- effective members thereof,

and shall also make to the secretary of state , the adjutant-general

of the forces, and to the general of the district , when any such

shall be appointed , accurate returns of their respective corps,

specifying the numbers of effective and non- effective men in

their corps at the time of making such returns ; and all such last-

mentioned returns shall be made as near as may be, according

to the nature of the corps, in the form in which military returns

are usually made on the first of every month.

Noperson II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no per-

shall bedeem - son shall be deemed, construed, or taken to be an effective

ed aneffective

member who member of such corps, or shall be returned as such by any com-

doesnot duly manding officer, or entitled to any exemption from being bal-

attend acer- lotted or enrolled to serve in any additional forces, raised or to

tainnumber be raised under any acts passed in this or any subsequent session

of days. of parliament, for enabling his Majesty more effectually to raise

any additional military force for the better defence and security

of the united kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution

of the war, or to supply any vacancies in such additional force

as aforesaid, unless such person shall have duly attended properly

armed, accoutred, and equipped, at the muster or exercise of

the corps to which he belongs, if cavalry twelve days, if infantry

twenty- four days at the least, between the first day of January

and the last day of December in each year, (unless prevented by

actual sickness, such sickness to be certified by some medical

practitioner to the commanding officer of the corps), and who

shall not be returned according to the form in the schedule to

this act annexed, by the commanding officer of the corps, as

having fo attended musters and exercise as aforesaid, and asbe-

ing, from his attendance and exercise in such corps, effective and

Persons duly fit for service : provided always, that every person, dulyreturned

empted from in any such muster-roll and return under this act, shall , from the

returned

ballot for any date of such muster-roll and return, be exempted from being

additional ballotted or enrolled to serve in any additional force raised or to

force.

be

イ

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 121. 733

be raised under any act or acts of this or any subsequent session

of parliament, or to supply any vacancy therein, and shall remain

so exempted until he shall be struck out of the muster-roll of his

corps for non-attendance or default.

III . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Act not to al-

nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to ter42 Geo. 3 .

extend to alter or repeal any of the provisions of two acts, paff c. 66. and 68 .

ed in the last session of parliament, to enable his Majesty to

avail himself of the offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer

corps to continue their services, and to accept and continue

the services of certain troops or companies of yeomanry in Ireland , ( except so far as the same are hereby expressly varied or

altered .)

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the men en- On desire of

rolled, or the majority of them, in any such troop or troops ofvolunteer

volunteer cavalry, shall, through their captain or commanding cavalry to

assemble for

officer, signify in writing to the lieutenant of the county, riding, being trained ,

stewartry, city, or place where such troop or corps shall be the lieute-

raised, or in case of vacancy, or in the absence of the lieutenant, nant of the

to the deputy lieutenants executing the office of the lieutenant, county, &c.

may make an

their desire to assemble under the command of their own offi- order for that

cers, at any place in particular, or at any convenient place or purpose, with

places either within the same county, riding, stewartry, city, or the concur-

rence of the

place, or without, for the purpose of being trained and exer- general of the

cised, for any space of time not exceeding in the whole ten days, district, &c.

either successively or at intervals, within the space of four

months, and either in separate corps or troops or together with

any other corps or troops of volunteer cavalry, who shall also

have signified their desire of assembling for that purpose in like

manner, or with any regiment, troop or troops of his Majesty's

regular forces of cavalry, or any number of such cavalry, in 1973 , 1

cafe his Majesty hall think proper to give directions to such of

his cavalry as aforesaid for that purpose, it shall be lawful for

such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants respectively in every year,

in pursuance of the desire of any corps or troop of volunteer

cavalry, to be signified in manner aforesaid, to make an order

for assembling such volunteer cavalry, at such place or places as

the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, with the

concurrence of the general officer having the command of the

district, and in cafe the place appointed shall be in another

county or riding, then also with the concurrence of the lieute-

nant of such county or riding, or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid,

shall think fit ; and likewise to direct an order to any justice of

the peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place where

such volunteer cavalry shall be appointed to assemble themselves

for the purpose aforesaid, in which order shall be specified the

place or places at which, and precise time or times during which

such volunteer cavalry are to continue so assembled under the Justice to issue

authority of this act; and the justice of the peace to whom such precept to the

order shall be directed shall issue his precept to the constable, constable to

headborough , or other officer of the peace of the place where quarter the

suchnon-commif-

734 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 121. [ 1803, 180

fionedofficers such volunteer corps or troops are to be assembled, for quarter-

men,

and majeras ing and billetting the non-commissioned officers, trumpeters (or Ganty

regular forces ,bugle-men), and privates, of such volunteer corps or troops,

upon such persons and in such houses situate in the place of local

75

places specified in such order, as his Majesty's regular forces dive

may by law be quartered and billetted upon; and that from and days

after the delivery of such order of the lieutenant of any county ,

men

riding, stewartry, city, or place , or deputy lieutenants acting as dit

aforesaid, made with such consent and concurrence as afore- alom

said, to any justice of the peace of any county, riding, stewartry, de

city, or place, where any such corps or troop of volunteer

cavalry are to assemble, it shall be lawful to quarter and billet

the non-commissioned officers, trumpeters ( or bugle-men), and

Ro smili

private-men of any such corps or troop ofvolunteer cavalry, in Thi

all and every the houses situate in such place or places as afore- d

widmore said, in which, and upon all and every the persons on whom any ti

bersu gured of his Majesty's regular forces may by law be quartered and

billetted; and that from and after the delivery of any such order , d

imos during the times appointed as aforesaid for such training and

we alam y

exercise, all and every the powers, provisions, rules, penalties,

and 10ી બીજા

allowances , matters, and things, provided and established by

any act or acts now or hereafter to be in force for quartering

and billetting his Majesty's regular forces shall be used and put it

in practice for quartering and billetting the corps and troops of

volunteer cavalry assembled under the authority of his act, as

fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, provi

fions , rules , penalties, allowances, matters, and things , had been

specially re - enacted in the body of this act.

When the

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the lieutenant

dayand

of any county, riding, stewartry, city, or place , or the deputy

place ofexer- lieutenants as aforesaid , shall have fixed the day and place of

is fixed ,

the fame small exercise for any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry , he or they d

be certified to shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the receiver- general

the receiver- of such county, riding, or place, if in England, or if in Scotland

general of the to the receiver- general for Scotland , specifying the number of

countyin England, or men and the number of days appointed for exercising them, not

ders

the receiver- exceeding in the whole ten days ; and such receiver- general is

general in hereby required, within fourteen days after the receipt of such

shall influe pay certificate, to ifflue and pay to the officer having the command

to the compay of each corps or troop at the rate of two shillings per day for

manding of each volunteer who shall attend the place of exercise, and one

ficer for the shilling and four-pence per day for each house, mare, or gelding,

men.

Commanding

belonging to such corps or troop, and used in exercise .

officer to

VI. And be it further enacted, That the officer having the

make up an

command of such troop or volunteer cavalry shall make up an

account in

account of all monies received and paid by him on

account of

the following such exercise, according to the following form:

form :

County

:1803 . ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c . 121 . 735

County of

Dr. per Contra Cr . 1

L. s. d. L. s. d.

ert

To cash received of the re-

Paid volun-

ceiver-general, for

days payof

teer cavalry men, for

their attendance at the

men

place ofexercise on the

To ditto for

days appointed, being

days

days pay

allowance for

horses Paidth allow-

ance for horses - moneda

used in exercise for 121

days

Which account shall be signed by the officer having the com- and sign and

deliver it to

mand of such troop, and such officer shall, within ten days after the receiver-

the time such exercise is finished , deliver such account, and pay general.

the balance, if there be any due, to the said receiver- general ; q

and such account shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers in the

היה א

passing of the accounts of the said receiver-general by the proper

auditor of his Majesty's court of exchequer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any corps ofWhen corps

yeomanry in Ireland shall be afssembled under arms by authority ofyeomanry

of the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of in Ireland are

Ireland for the time being, either in case of rebellion, invafion, der arms,

insurrection , or apprehension thereof , or for the purpose of being mayors, &c.

trained and exercised either in separate corps, or together with maybillet

them as his

any corps ofyeomanry, ,or with any regiment, company, or troop Majesty's re-

of his Majesty's regular or militia forces, it shall , and may be gularforces.

lawful to and for all mayors , sovereigns, bailiffs, burgo masters ,

seneschals, constables, and the chief and other magistrates and

officers of cities , towns, parishes, and places in Ireland , and (in

their default or absence) for any one justice of the peace inha-

biting within or near any such city, tow town, parish, or place, and

they and he is and are hereby required to quarter and billet the

officers , non-commissioned officers, trumpeters, bugle-men,

drummers, and private- men, serving in the said corps of yeomanry, during their beingso assembled, or on their march , for

any of the purposes aforesaid , as by law they may billet his Majesty's regular military forces, or the militia in Ireland.

VIII. And whereas great inconvenience hath, been found to arise

to the volunteer andyeomanryservice in Great Britain and Ireland

during war, from there being no authority to enforce military discipline

among the serjeants, trumpeters (or bugle- men), and drummers of

volunteer and yeomanry corps receiving pay, or to prevent them from

quitting such corps and enlisting into his Majesty's other forces, with-

out the leave of their respective commanders ; be it therefore en- Serjeants,

acted, That such of the serjeants serving in any volunteer or trumpeters

yeomanry corps of cavalry or infantry in Great Britain or Ire- or bugle men,

anddrum-land as receive the constant pay of their rank therein, and all mers of

trumpeters ( or bugle- men) and drummers serving in such corps, volunteer and

and receiving any pay therein either at a daily or weekly rate, andyeomaury corps in Great

Thall , Britain and

736 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 121. [ 1803. 15

Ireland , who receive shall, at all times during the continuance of war, be subject to and

any act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and defer- km

pay , subject

to the mutiny tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, henc

laws during

and to the articles of war established for the better government ay

war.

of his Majesty's forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any here

crime committed against such act or articles of war, by a gene- X

ral detachment or regimental court-martial, according to the d

nature and degree of the offence, in like manner and under the thing

like regulations as serjeants, trumpeters , or drummers of his p

Courts-mar- Majesty's other forces maybe tried : provided, that every suche

tial to becom- court- martial shall be composed wholly of officers of the volunt

posedofoffi- teer or yeomanry establishment ; and that no punishment award - and.

cers of volun-

teers or yeo-

ed by such court-martial shall extend to life or limb, except X

manry , &c.

when such corps are called out in cases of invasion or appearance and

of an enemy in force upon the coast.

In cafes of

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual in

invasion, or

vafion, or appearance of an enemy in force upon the coast , X

appearance of whenever his Majesty shall order the lord-lieutenant, or deputy ho

the coast , an enemy on

lieutenants acting in any county, stewartry, riding, city , or place and

yeomanry and in Great Britain, to draw out, assemble, and embody the men den

volunteers in enrolled under any act of this session of parliament, or in which

shail assemble any men so enrolled shall fo assemble under any provisional

bein

and be liable order of his Majesty, on any such invasion or appearance of an

to march

enemy as aforesaid , all corps of yeomanry and volunteers in

according to Great Britain shall forthwith assemble in their respective districts,

their terins

offervice, and and shall be liable to march according to their respective terms

shall be subject of service ; and the officers and private- men in such corps shall ,

to the mutiny from such time and until the enemy shall be defeated and ex-

laws.

pelled, and all rebellion and insurrection then existing in the

realm shall be suppressed, be subject to any act then in force for

punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment

of the army and their quarters, and to any articles of war

made in pursuance thereof; and al! persons not then joining

shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter,

to the provisions of anyfuch act as aforesaid, and of

according

X. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes ofinvasion

In cafes of

invasion, re- rebellion, insurrection, or apprehension thereof in Ireland, it

✓any articles made in pursuance thereof.

bellion , &c .

Majesty orthe chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being , to

shall be lawful for his Majesty, or the lord-

lord - lieutenant

nant or other

in Ireland, his

order all corps ofyeomanry in Ireland forthwith to assemble in

nant may or- their respective districts ; and the said corps shall thereupon be

lord-lieute-

deryeomanry liable to march according to their respective terms of service, f

and the officers, non- commissioned officers, trumpeters , bugle-

they shall be men, drummers, and private- men in such corps , shall from such

corps toaf-

liableto march time, and until the enemyshall be defeated andexpelled ,and all

semble , and

rebellion and insurrection, or apprehension thereof Thall cease,

their terms of

be subject to be subject to anyact then in force for the punishment ofmutiny

and desertion, and for the better payment of the armyand their

quarters, and to any articles of war made in pursuancethereof ,according to

service, and

and themutiny

aws.

1 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 121. 737

and all persons not thenjoining their respective corps, and af

- sembling and marching therewith, shall be liable to be appre-

hended and punished as deserters, according to the provisions of

any such act as aforesaid, and of any articles made in pursuance

thereof .

XI. And be it further enacted, That such corps of volunteers Volunteers

and yeomanry in Great Britain and Ireland shall, on so affem and yeomanry

bling as aforesaid, march under their respective officers, but thall fo assembled .

shall be put

be put under such general officers as his Majesty shall from under such

time to time appoint for that purpose, or shall be commanding general of

in the districts in which such corps respectively in Great Britain ficers as his

and Ireland respectively shall act . Majesty shall

appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all officers of yeomanry Rank of of-

and volunteer corps shall rank with the officers of his Ma- ficers .

jesty's regular and militia forces as the youngest of their respective

ranks .

cis

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all money subscribed Money fub-

by or for the use of any such corps in Great Britain or Ireland , scribed for the

ufeof any

and all arms, stores, ammunition, drums, fifes, or musical instru- corps, arms ,

ments, or other articles of whatever kind or sort the fame may stores, &c.

be , belonging to any such corps, or used by any such corps, not thall be vested

being the property of any particular individual of such corps, in the com-

shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the manding offi-

commanding officer of the corps ; and shall for all purposes of time being.

indictment, action, or suit , criminal or civil , in law or equity,

be deemed and taken to be the property of the commanding

officer of the corps, and shall and maybe laid so to be in any

indictment, or may be sued for and recovered as such, or may

be stated to be such in any action relating thereto ; and no in-

dictment, suit, action, or prosecution, shall be discontinued

or abated by the death or removal of any such commanding

officer, but the fame may be proceeded in by the succeeding commanding officer, or the commanding officer for the

time being ; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not-

withstanding .

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any person Ifany persons

✔enrolled in any such corps in Great Britain or Ireland thall have refuse to pay

க்

✓ feiture to be levied bydistress andfale of thedefaulter's

money re-

neglected or refused, on demand made for that purpose, to pay quired by the

any sum or fums of money subscribed or required by the rules rules of the

and regulations of such corps to be subscribed by him towards corps, or penalties, a

any expences of the corps to which he belongs, or to pay anyjustice may

fines or penalties incurred under any of the rules or regulations cause the

thereof , then and in such cafe it shall be lawful for any justice famewith

of the peace residing in or near to the place where such corps double thebe

shall be, on application made for that purpose, and proof thereof levied by dif-

by any commanding officer or treasurer, or two of the com- tress, which

mittee, or secretary of any such corps, to cause the same to- thall go to the

gether with double the amount thereof as a penalty or for- general stock ,

goods

&c.and chattels, by warrant under his hand and seal, rendering the

VOL. XLIV. 3B overplus

740 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803. 1

the

SCHEDULE (Β. )

her

and

I

K. L. commanding officer of the

the

do hereby certify, upon my honour,

in pursuance of an act of parliament , passed in the forty- third

year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled , An act

that I have not, to the best

tver

of my knowledge and belief , inserted, or caused to be inserted inte

the above muster- roll, as an effective man, the name of any

exce

person who has not duly attended properly armed and equippede

at the muster and exercise of the said corps as required by this c

act, or been prevented by actual sickness , certified to me by a

elom

medical practitioner, and who is not an effective man, &.

( Signed) K. L.

tive

Commanding Officer.

and

Dated the

Pur

CAP. CXXII.

An actfor granting to his Majesty, until thefixth day of May next

after the ratification of a definitive treaty ofpeace, a contribution

- [August 11 , 1803. ]

on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices.

Most gracious Sovereign,

✓E , your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland , in parliament assembled, towards raising the supplies

necessary to defray the publick expences , have freely and volunt

tarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

new and additional duties herein-after mentioned:anddothere- h

fore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enacted,

and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, br

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual andtem

ing to the schedules,

poral, and commons, in this present parliamentassembled , and

Duties to be by the authority of the same , That during the term herein men-

gulations of

an act of

II. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby

this session

to be assefied granted , arising in England , Wales, and Berwick -upon- Tweed ,

under the re- thall be assessed , raised , levied , and collected under theregula

therein .

paidaccord- tioned , there shall be raised, levied, collected , andpaid ,through.

Theduties

and the rules schedules contained in this act , marked (A.) (B. and (E. ) .

out Great Britain , the several duties and contributionsin the

C. D.

(c. 99.) for relating to the duties under the management of the cor

England.

tions of anyact to be passed in the present seffion of parliament

for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any actoralts

missioners for the

T: 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 741

the affairs of taxes, and for amending the fame ; and the duties The duties in

hereby granted, arising in Scotland, thall be affessed , raised, levied, Scotland to be

raised under

and collected under the regulations of any act, to be passed in the regulati-

the present session of parliament , for consolidating certain of the ons of another

provisions contained in any act or acts relating to the duties under the act, c. 150.

management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for

amending the said acts, so far as relate to Scotland ; and all and Powers of the

said acts to

every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, be applied.

forfeitures , clauses, matters , and things contained in such acts,

except where other provisions are made in this act, shall be

severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in

execution throughout the respective parts of Great Britain as

aforesaid , as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes,

as

if the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, pe-

Rnalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particu-

larly repeated and re- enacted in the body of this act , and respectively applied to such parts of Great Britain as aforesaid ; and all

and every the regulations of such acts, except as aforesaid, shall

4be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to this act, in

like manner as if the same had been enacted therein, and shall

severally and respectively commence and take effect for the

purposes of this act, from and after the passing thereof ; and the

said several duties so levied shall be under the direction and

management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for the

time being, appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, his

heirs or successors .

III. And whereas it is expedient to appoint commissioners, for the

general purposes of his act, from and amongst the persons appointed

commissioners for the execution of an act passed in the thirty-eighth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for grant-

ing an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great

Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-eight, to act in the execution of this act, so far as relates

to the powers hereby vested in such commissioners ; be it further

enacted, That the several persons appointed or to be appointed Commission-

to be commissioners for putting in execution the said land-tax ers for the

act, in the respective parts of Great Britain therein mentioned, purposes of

the act, to

- being respectively qualified to act as commissioners in the exe- be chosen

cution of the said act, hall , as soon after the passing of this act from the

as conveniently can be done, meet at such place within each commissioners

ofland- tax,

county, shire, or stewartry, and within each riding of York, and at a general

-division of Lincoln, and within each city, borough, cinque port, meeting.

town, and place, for which they are respectively appointed com-

1

missioners of the said land-tax act, as shall have been the usual

and common place of holding the general meetings of commif-

fioners under the said land-tax act ; or if such general meeting

shall not have been usually held in any such county, riding, di-

✓ vision , shire, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or

place, then at the usual place where the quarter sessions shall be

usually held therein in the week after the close of Easter or next

after Easter in every year ; which meeting for the first time after the

7

738 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 121. [1803. 180

overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such

distress and sale, to the persons whose goods and chattels shall

have been so distrained and fold; and the sums so levied shall

go to the general stock of such corps, to be applied in the

general expences thereof , in like manner as any subscription or

sums ofmoney received by or for such corps maybe applied ;

or where there shall be no such subscription or stock of such

corps, then to such purposes relating to such corps as the commanding officer thereof may think fit .

Continuance

of act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue and be in force during the continuance of the war , and

until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of

No.

peace with France.

Act maybe

altered or repealed this

session.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered ,

varied, or repealed by any act or acts in this session ofpar-

liament.

2

SCHEDULE

bea 27 15

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III . C. 121. 739

SCHEDULE (A.)

To A. B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER-ROLL of the persons enrolled, and serving in

the of commanded by

EFFECTIVES. EFFECTIVES . NON- EFFECTIVES .

When

No. Parish. Name . enrolled . No. Parish. Name. When

enrolled No. Parish . Name . When

enrolled .

I A. Α. Β .

2 C. D.

3 E. F.

4 G. H.

5

6

7

8

9 B. L.M.

10 Ν.Ο.

II P. 2 .

12

13

N. B. Discharged or quitted since the date of the last muster-roll.

A. B.

C. D.

४८.

Total number in the corps exempt from serving in the militia

or other additional force

Do.

not exempt from serving in the militia

or other additional force

Total number of men enrolled in the corps

- -

C. D.

(Signed) A. B.

S

Adjutant or Serjeant-Major.Commanding Officer.

3 B2 SCHEDULE

742 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 122. [1803.

the passing of this act, shall be within seven days after the

passing thereof , or as soon after as conveniently may be done ;

and for any subsequent year for the like purpose, such meeting

Manner of

shall be held between the first day of March and the fifth day of

April yearly; and at each such general meeting the said commit

choosing the fioners , or the major part of them then present, shall choose and

commissioners fet down in writing the names of such of the commissioners ap-

of districts . pointed as aforesaid, who thall respectively be qualified as herein-

after is required, and who thall be fit and proper to act in the

several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or wards, within

the said counties, ridings , or shires, stewartries, or divisions, or

in the several parithes or wards of the said cities, boroughs,

cinque ports, towns, and places within the same ; observing al-

ways, in forming such districts, the same limits which shall have

heretofore been fettled, and now used for the districts under the

said land- tax act ; and the names of such persons who shall be so

chosen shall be fet down in the order in which the major part of

the commissioners then present shall judge fit they should respectively be appointed commissioners in their respective districts ;

and any seven, or any less number than seven, not being in any

cafe less than three, of the persons so set down, and in the order

in which they shall be so set down in such list, shall be commif-

fioners for the general purposes of this act, and they are hereby

required to take upon themselves the execution of this act as

aforesaid as commissioners for the term of one year's afsessment

of the said duties, and until commissioners shall in like manner

Manner of be appointed for the subsequent year; and any seven, or any less

choosing per- number than seven, not being in any cafe less than three, of the

fons to supply persons so set down, next in order to the lift of names before

vacancies. mentioned, shall be commissioners to supply vacancies as the

fame may arise , in the manner hereinafter mentioned : provided

May choose always, that if the commissioners , appointed as herein is first

otherpersons mentioned, shall not find amongst themselves, and fet down the

possessing the qualifications, names of seven persons to act, and seven others to supply vacancies

for each district, within such county, riding, division, shire,

stewartry, city, liberty, or place, it shall be lawful for them to

appoint any person or persons residing within such district, who

shall respectively be qualified as hereinafter is required, and who

in their judgement shall be fit and proper persons to be commis-

fioners for the purposes aforesaid, until the number of seven in

each such lift shall be completed, although such persons thall

not have been appointed to act as commissioners in the execution

May choose persons in adjoining districts .

of the said land - tax act : provided also, that if at such meeting

the commissioners thall not find and set down fourteen persons

of the descriptions before mentioned to act as commissioners, and

to supply vacancies in each such district, it shall be lawful for

them to select such number of persons as shall be requisite from

1

the persons acting in or for any adjoining or neighbouring dif-

trict of the same county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, city,

town, or place, in order that there shall be no failure in the

execution of this act as aforesaid ; and the names of such respective persons

t

2

}

2

t

E

1 1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 743

persons who shall have been so chosen as aforesaid shall be tranf-

mitted to the tax- office in the order in which they shall have

been fet down in such lists : provided always, that where seven Where seven

persons, qualified as hereinafter is required, shall be chosen to are chosen, no

others to in

2 act as commissioners for any district as aforesaid, no other personterfere.

shall interfere as a commissioner in the execution of this act, so

long as such seven persons shall continue to act, except in the

districts hereinafter mentioned .

proper IV. And be it further enacted, That if in any county, riding, In default of

ator division, or any city, town, or place, any default shall happenholding

a

in holding such general meeting for the space of fourteen days, general meeting for

for the first year after the passing of this act ; or if for any fubie- fourteendays,

quent year, no such general meeting shall be held on or before the commif-

the fifth day of April in such year ; then and in every such case sioners may

be chosen at

the commissioners for executing the said land-tax act in their district meet-

several districts shall, at the first meeting to be held by them after ings.

the passing of this act, or at a meeting to be held for that pur-

bpose, as soon as conveniently may be, and which shall not be

later than ten days after the expiration of such fourteen days ,

appoint and set down in writing, and make a return, in like

manner, of the like number of persons before described, to be

commissioners for their respective districts for the general purposes of this act, and also to supply vacancies as aforesaid; and

they are hereby empowered at such meetings to do all acts what-

ever relating to their respective districts , which the commif-

fioners at such general meetings might have done by virtue of

this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more How vacan-

of the commissioners for the purposes of this act shall die, or cies are to be

decline to act, or having begun to act shall decline to act any supplied.

further therein, then and in every such cafe the person or persons

first in order on the lift to supply vacancies shall be appointed

the commissioner or commissioners in the place of the commif-

fioner or commissioners so refusing or declining to act, or dying,

provided the person so to be appointed shall have been chosen to

supply such vacancy in the same manner as the person so refusing

or declining to act , or dying ; and the several persons aforesaid

shall respectively, as often as occasion shall require, select and

add new names to the persons before chosen to supply vacancies,

and shall place such new names in such order on the lift as they

shall think proper, who shall respectively, in such order, be a

commissioner or commissioners for the purposes of this act, as

and when any such vacancy shall happen .

VI . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within Within cer-

and for each of the cities and towns hereinafter mentioned, tain places other commif-

( videlicet) London, Bristol , Exeter , Hull , Newcastle- upon- Tyne, fionersmay

Norwich, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, be chosen in

and Great Yarmouth, it shall be lawful for the persons herein- addition to

after mentioned to choose eight persons to be commissioners, act with the

and eight persons to supply their vacancies , to act together with commissioners

the persons to be chosen as before directed ; eight of whom shall

before chosen .be

744 18

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

be chosen to act as commissioners, and eight others to supply

vacancies as herein directed, in each such city and town; and

that in and for the city of London, two commissioners, and two

V2C

the

retu

Bywhom to

bechosenin

London.

to supply their vacancies, shall be named by the mayor and al-

dermen of London out of eight persons, four of whom shall be

aldermen, to be returned to them by the common council ; two

ther

1

for

other commissioners, and two to supply their vacancies, by the

governors and directors of the bank of England; one other com-

city

missioner, and one other to supply his vacancy, by each of the

companies hereinafter mentioned, (videlicet) the directors of the

united company of merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, the governor and directors of the South Sea company, the

governor and directors of the Royal Exchange insurance company ,

and the governor and directors of the London insurance com-

1

pany; and that it shall and may be lawful for the magistrates

Norwich.

andjustices of the peace, acting in and for the city of Norwich

CIV

to choose eight persons to be commissioners, and eight persons

to supply their vacancies, not more than four of the said eight

commissioners, and not more than four of the said eight persons

to supply their vacancies, to be chosen from out of the said ma-

gistrates and justices, and the remaining four commissioners and

four persons to supply their vacancies, to be chosen from the

CB

Other cities

and towns.

inhabitants of the said city ; and in and for each of the other

cities and towns before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the

magistrates and justices of the peace acting in and for the said

city or town, or the county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry,

where the said city or town is situate, to choose eight persons to

Rbe commissioners, and eight persons to supply their vacancies, as

herein is mentioned ; and the persons so chosen by the commif-

fioners appointed as aforesaid, together with the other persons

respectively chosen as herein is particularly directed, shall be

commissioners for the purposes of his act, and to supply their

vacancies as the fame may arise, within and for the several

districts in which such cities and towns respectively shall be

situate, or which shall be formed by such cities and towns respectively, and for such other places which have usually been

assessed in the same district with such cities and towns respectively

towards the aid by a land-tax, for the period of one year as

aforesaid ; and the names of all persons so chosen as last aforesaid shall be returned to the commissioners for the affairs of

Authorifing taxes.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for the

the West India city of London , one person shall and may be chosen to act as a

and London commissioner therein, and one other to supply his vacancy, by

docks compa each of the companies hereinafter mentioned, ( videlicet ) the

nies tochoose

commissioners directors for conducting and managing the affairs and business

to act in the of the West India dock company, and London dock company re-

cityofLon- spectively, for the time being ; and the persons so chosen as last

don. aforesaid shall be added to the other commissioners chosen for

the said city, and shall, together with such other commissioners,

be commissioners for the purposes of this act, and to supply their vacancies

Ito 803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 745

acancies as the fame may arise, within and for the said city, for

ne period of one year as aforesaid, and their names thall be

eturned in like manner.

VIII . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case Where suffici-

mere shall not be a sufficient number of commissioners chosen ent commif-

fioners are not

or the purposes of this act, or to supply vacancies, capable ofchofen for

Cting according to the qualification required by this act, for any cities and

ity, borough, town, or place, then and in every such case any towns, the

erson qualified to act for the county at large, or riding, shire, commissioners for the county

or stewartry, in which, or adjoining which, such city, borough , mayact.

own, or place shall be situate, may be chosen to act as a com-

niffioner for the purposes of this act, for such city, borough,

own, or place.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Power to

person residing in any county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, choose per-

fons duly

10

city , town, or place, and qualified as hereinafter mentioned, qualified, al-

who shall be willing to act as a commissioner in the execution though not

of this act, in any district where a commissioner or commissioners named in the

shall be wanting, may be chosen in manner aforesaid to be such land-tax act.

commissioner, although such person shall not have been appointed

to act in the execution of the said land-tax act ; any thing before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if in any district there On neglect

shall be a neglect in appointing commissioners for the purposes such commi

ofchoofing

of this act, as hereby is directed, it shall be lawful for the com- signers, the

missioners appointed to execute the said land-tax act, being re- commissioners

spectively qualified as directed by this act, and they and every of of land- tax

to execute

them, on notice of such neglect and want of appointment by anythis act.

inspector or surveyor of the said duties, duly authorised to give

such notice by writing under the hands of three or more of the

commissioners for the affairs of taxes, thall , and they are hereby

strictly enjoined and required to take upon themselves the exe-

cution of this act, for the year in which such neglect and want

of appointment shall happen, and to do and execute all matters

and things which commissioners chosen in pursuance of this act

are hereby required and empowered to do ; and if in any district

there shall be a want of such last -mentioned commissioners, the

commissioners of any adjoining district in the same county ,

riding, or division, shire, or stewartry, being respectively qualified

as directed by this act, shall, on like notice as aforesaid, execute

this act as such commissioners by themselves, or in concurrence

with the commissioners of the district where this act shall require

to be executed : provided always, that where commissioners thall

12 not be appointed at a general meeting, and returned to the tax

office as aforesaid , within the period of twenty one days after

the passing of this act, and in case of such default, where commissioners thall not be appointed in each district, and returned

to the tax-office as aforesaid, within the period of twenty- one

✔days after notice of such default, to any two or more of the

commissioners of such district, then and in each such case respectively, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners for the affairs

of

746 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

oftaxes to cause such notices as aforesaid to be given to two of

more of the persons, on whom respectively the right of appointing

commissioners , or of executing this act, shall devolve, in pursu-

ance of the directions of this act before mentioned.

Commissioners may appoint aclerk

andaffiftant.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners to be

appointed for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid shall

and may appoint a clerk, and assistant if necessary for the duties

to be assessed by them in each district, who shall execute their

office according to the regulations of this act, and the acts herein

mentioned respectively.

Thequalifi-

XII. And be it further enacted, That no person to be ap-

of

cationidioners pointed as aforesaid shall be capable of acting as a commissioner

chosen to

in execution of this act, for any county at large within England

execute the ( the county of Monmouth and the dominion of Wales excepted),

act in counties or in or for any of the ridings of the county of York, or the

in England , county or divisions of Lincoln, or in or for the cities of London

exceptMon-

mouth.

or Westminster, unless such person be seised or possessed of lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, in Great Britain, of the value of

two hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own estate,

being freehold, copyhold, or leasehold, for a term whereof not

less than seven years are unexpired, over and above all ground

rents, incumbrances, and reservations, payable out of the same

respectively ; or unless such person shall be poffefsed of personal

estate of the value of five thousand pounds ; or of personal estate,

or an interest therein, producing an annual income of two

hundred pounds ; or of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and

4

personal estate, or an interest therein , being together of the

annual value of two hundred pounds ; estimating in every such

case one hundred pounds personal estate as equivalent to four

pounds per annum, and an interest from personal estate of four

pounds per annum, as equivalent to one hundred pounds personal

estate ; or unless such person be the eldest son of some person

who shall be seised or possessed of a like estate of thrice the value ,

or more, as is above required, as the qualification of a commif-

fioner in right of his own estate, for such county at large, riding,

or division .

The qualifi- cation of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be

capable of acting as such commissioner as last aforesaid, for the

commissioners

chosen to

county of Monmouth, or for any county in Wales, or for any

execute the

other city, town, or place, being a county of itself , or for the

act in the

liberty or franchise of Ely, or for any cinque port , unless such

county of

person be feised or possesled of an estate of the like nature , and

Monmouth, of three-fifths of the value as is herein required for the estate of

Wales, liberty

ofEly, cities, a commissioner acting for any county at large in England as

&c.

aforesaid ; nor for any other city, borough, cinque port, liberty ,

town, or place, not being a county of itself , nor for any of the

inns of court and inns of chancery , or liberty of the rolls, unless

such person be seised or poffefsed of an estate of the like nature,

and of one-half of the value as is herein required for the estate

of a commissioner acting for any county at large in England; or

unless such person be the eldest fon of some person who thall

be

T.1803 . ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 747

be seised or poffessed of some estate of thrice the value, or more,

as is above required as the qualification of a commissioner in

right of his own estate , for the same county, city, borough,

cinque port, liberty, inn of court or chancery, town, or place.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no person to be ap- Qualifications

pointed as aforesaid shall be capable of acting as a commissioner of commif-

for

in execution of this act, for any shire or stewartry in Scotland , counties in

who is not enfeoft in superiority or property , or possessed as Scotland.

proprietor or life renter of lands in Scotland, to the extent of one

hundred and fifty pounds Scots per annum valued rent ; or unless

such person shall be poffefsed of personal estate of the value of

three thousand pounds, or of personal estate or an interest therein

producing an annual income of one hundred and twenty pounds

sterling, or be enfeoft or poffefsed as aforesaid of lands and per-

fonal estate, or an interest therein, being together of the annual

value of one hundred and twenty pounds sterling, estimating in

every such case one hundred pounds personal estate as equivalent

to four pounds per annum, and an interest from personal estate of

four pounds per annum as equivalent to one hundred pounds

personal estate ; or unless he shall be the eldest son of some per-

fon who shall be enfeoft or possessed of a like estate of twice the

value, or more, as is required as the qualification of a commif-

fioner in right of his own estate , for such shire or stewartry.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be ca- Qualification

pable of acting as such commissioner as last aforesaid, for any of commit

city or borough in Scotland , unless such person be enfeoft or operand

possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of three- fifths of the boroughs in

value herein required for the estate of a commissioner acting for Scotland.

any shire or stewartry in Scotland; or unless such person be the

eldest son of some person enfeoft or poffefsed of some estate of

thrice the value, or more, as is above required as the qualification

of a commissioner in right of his own estate, for the fame city or

borough. Proviso for

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-

1:30 1

certain officers

thing herein contained shall be construed to require any qualifi- particularly

cation of a commissioner for the purposes of this act, in the authorised or

district of the palaces of Whitehall , and Saint James Westminster, named.

for any officer who shall have heretofore acted or mayhereafter

act as a commissioner , for putting in execution the said land-tax

act in the said district , other than the possession of their respec-

tive offices ; nor in any shire or stewartry in Scotland , for any

provost, baillie, dean ofguild, treasurer, master of the merchants'

company, or deacon convener of the trades for the time being,

of any royal borough in Scotland, nor anybaillie for the time

fl to the crown , by

being of any borough of regality, or barony in Scotland ; nor the

factors for the time being, on the several forfeited estates annexed

an act passed in the twenty- fifth year of his

late majesty King George the Second, who shall be respectively

✓ appointed commissioners for executing the said land- tax acts in

any shire or stewartry in Scotland.

XVII . Provided

748 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

Amoiety of

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

thequalifica- tion to be in

more than one moiety of any estate consisting of lands or tene-

the county .

ments as the qualification of a commissioner shall be required to

be situate in the county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, for

which such person shall be a commissioner for the purposes of

this act: provided also, that the proof of such qualification shall

lie on the person acting in the execution of this act, in such

manner as is directed in any act herein mentioned, with respect

to commissioners acting in the execution of the said land-tax

act.

Modeof

choosing additional

commission.

ers.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be

deemed by the commissioners for the purposes of this act to be

expedient that certain of the powers herein-contained should be

executed by additional commitsioners, such additional commif-

fioners shall be chosen by the commissioners for the purposes of

this act acting in the same district , for which purpose the commissioners for the purposes of this act being appointed as aforesaid, and having taken the oaths, or being of the people called

Quakers, the solemn affirmation, required by this act, and being

duly qualified as required by this act, shall, with their consent ,

or the consent of the major part of them, assembled at any

meeting to be held for that purpose, as soon after the passing of

this act as conveniently can be done, set down in writing, lifts

of the names of such persons residing within their respective

districts , as shall in the opinion of such commissioners be fit and

proper persons to act as such additional commissioners, which

lifts shall contain the names of so many of those persons as the

said commissioners shall in their discretion, after taking into

consideration the size of each district, and the number of persons

to be affefsed therein, think requisite for the due execution of

this act, and the names of such additional commissioners shall

be fet down in the order in which they shall be appointed to act ;

which lists being respectively signed by any two or more of such

commissioners shall be a sufficient authority for such additional

commissioners being respectively qualified as hereinafter is

mentioned, and they are hereby authorised to take upon them-

selves the execution of this act according to the provisions

Qualification

ofadditional

commissioners.

thereof . XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

person shall be capable of acting as such additional commissioner,

who shall not be seised or enfeoft , or possessed of an estate of the

like nature, and of half the value, as is herein required for the

estate of a commissioner for the purposes of this act, in the same

district, and who respectively are hereby authorised to name and

In default of

appoint such additional commissioners .

naming addi- XX. Provided also, That where no additional commissioners

tional commif- shall be named and appointed in any district, then and in such

fioners , the cafe the commissioners appointed for the purposes of this act

commissioners

for the pur-

shall execute the fame in such district, in all matters and things

poses of the

authorised to be done by additional commissioners by this act .

act to execute

it . XXI. Provided

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 749

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any For the supply

city, liberty, franchise, cinque port, town, or place , for which ofcommif-

fioners in

separate commissioners have been appointed to act in execution cities, &c.

of the said land-tax act, there shall not be found a sufficient

number of persons qualified as directed by this act, to act as

commissioners for general purposes, or as additional commif-

fioners , then and in such case, it shall be lawful to appoint as

such commissioners or additional commissioners any persons re-

fiding in such city, liberty, franchise, cinque port, town, or

place, who shall be liable to be assessed under this act for annual

profits, however arising, to the amount of two hundred pounds

for upwards.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every subsequent Commission-

year, whenever a new appointment of commissioners shall take ers to act

place, they shall execute this act from the fifth day of April in from the 5th

day of April

the year for which they shall be appointed, as well with respect in each year,

to arrears of duties assessed in any former year, as to the affeff- as well for

ments to be made in such year for which w they shall be appointed, arrears asbe

and shall have the like powers to levy and collect such arrears as assessed in

they have to afsess , levy, and collect the duties afsfessed by them; that year .

for all which acts such appointment shall be a sufficient authority,

subject to the regulations of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners, The commif-

to be appointed for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, fioners to

shall proceed to carry the regulations of this act into execution proceedto

carry this

with application to the powers and provisions of the said recited act into exe-

acts respectively, which they are hereby empowered to execute, cution from

as soon after the passing of this act as canconveniently be done, the passing .

which powers and provisions in the said recited acts respectively,

with respect to such commissioners, shall be construed to commence and take effect from and after the passing of this act ;

and all acts , matters, and things, which may be done by any

commissioners herein-named, shall and may be done by any two

or more of the commissioners appointed for the purposes of this

act, or by the major part of such commissioners, where more

than two shall be present ; and in appointing assessors and collectors, they or any two of them shall pursue the regulations

contained in the said recited acts respectively ; provided, that for

the first assessment to be made by them respectively, they shall

issue their precepts as soon after the passing of this act as can

conveniently be done, and shall fix such time for bringing in the

certificates of assessment, and appoint collectors, as they shall

judge expedient and necessary, notwithstanding the times limited

1

by the said recited acts for such purposes ; and the said assessorss

and collectors by them to be appointed shall, and they are hereby

empowered, from the time of their respective appointments, to

do and execute in all matters and things relative to the said duties

what the assessorss and collectors may lawfully execute by virtue

of the said recited acts, in relation to any other duties therein

mentioned.

XXIV. And

750 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 122. [ 1803.

Notice to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners

given toad-

ditional com-

for the purposes of this act , at their first meeting to be held

missioners to

under this act, and which they are hereby required to hold as

take upon themselves

soon after the passing of this act as they conveniently can, are

hereby empowered to name such additional commissioners , who,

the execution being so named, shall be additional commissioners in the execu-

of this act.

tion of this act ; and the said commissioners for the purposes of

this act having named such additional commissioners shall cause

notice thereof , in writing, signed by two or more of them, to

be delivered by the assessorss of the respective parishes or places

where such additional commissioners reside, with the day of the

first meeting of the said additional commissioners, and the place

of such meeting, to be appointed by such commissioners for the

purposes of this act, and which shall not be later than ten days

after the date of such notice; and the said respective assessors

shall without delay cause the respective persons so named to be

summoned by notice in writing, either given personally or left

at their respective places of abode, to assemble at the tine and

place mentioned in such notice, for the purpose of qualifying

themselves to act in the execution of the powers vested in them

The oath or

by this act ; and the said commissioners for the purposes of this

affirmation . act, or any two or more of them, shall administer the oath or

affirmation to such additional commissioners required by this act

tobe taken by them, and shall then and there appoint a day for

the said additional commissioners to bring in their certificates of

assessment in the manner herein directed, and which day shall

The clerk to

not be later than twenty-one days after such second meeting,

commissioners at which second meeting they shall also appoint assessorss , ac-

for the pur- cording to the regulations of the said recited acts respectively ;

poses of the act, to be

and the clerk to such commissioners for the purposes of this act,

clerk to addi- in each district , shall also be appointed clerk to such additional

tional com- commissioners appointed for the same district , and shall attend

missioners . the said additional commissioners at their meetings as their clerk.

For dividing XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be

additional lawful for the commissioners for the purposes of this act, when-

commissioners ever in their judgement the same shall be requisite, to divide such

tees, if necef-

into commit- additional commissioners into distinct committees, and to allot

fary.

to each committee distinct parishes, wards, or places, in which

such committees thall separately act in the execution of his act;

provided that the meetings of such committees shall be appointed

at such times as that the clerk to such commissioners may attend

every meeting.

The number

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not

of additional be lawful for more than seven persons to act together as addi-

commissioners tional commissioners for the fame district, not being formed into

in each dif-

trict not to several divisions as aforesaid, nor any greater number to act to-

exceed seven, gether in the same committee ; and that where more than seven

nor to be less persons shall attend as such additional commissioners at any

than three. meeting, either for the whole of any district or for any division

thereof, the seven persons first in their order on the list, signed

by the commissioners for the purposes of this act then present, shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 751

shall act, and the rest shall withdraw from such meeting : pro-

1

vided also, that not less than three additional commissioners shall

4 be competent to form any meeting either for any district or divi-

1

fion thereof ; and that any two of them, or the major part of

them then present, shall be competent to do any act authorised

نا.by this act

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifAppointing

it shall appear to the commissioners for the purposes of this act , agreater f

whether they shall have been chosen as aforesaid, or shall act by commissioners

virtue of their appointment of commissioners for executing the for the pur-

said land-tax act, to be expedient that a greater number than poses of the

seven commissioners for the purposes of this act, possessing the act, instead

ofadditional

qualification required for commissioners for the purposes of this commission-

act, should be appointed for any district , instead of appointing ers .

2

commissioners possessing only the qualification required for additional commissioners as before mentioned, it shall be lawful for

14

them to appoint such greater number, not in any case exceeding

the number of seven, observing with regard to such appoint-

ments the same rules as in the appointment of commissioners for

the purposes of this act, but nevertheless without adding thereto

any persons to supply their vacancies ; and in every cafe of ap- Three of them

1

pointing such increased number of commissioners for the purposes to execute the

of this act, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners at their office of additional com-

4

first meeting after such appointment, and they are hereby re- millioner

quired, to choose indifferently by lot such number of their own

body , not less than three or more than seven, to execute the

office vested in additional commissioners by this act , and the

A

persons so chosen shall be additional commissioners for executing

this act, and the powers hereby vested in additional commissioners

for the year of their appointment, and they are hereby required

to execute this act accordingly, and the remaining commissioners

not so chosen by lot shall execute the powers vested in the commissioners for the purposes of this act for the like period : pro- Where none

vided, that where no such additional commissioners shall have such are ap-

been appointed specially to execute the powers vested in additional pointed com-

commissioners, nor any greater number than seven commissioners missioners,

then todivide

for the purposes of this act shall be appointed as aforesaid , or be themselves ,

found to act in any district, the commissioners acting in the so that two

execution of this act, whether chosen as aforesaid or not , thall may act as

divide themselves in such manner that two commissioners at the additional

commission.

least shall be appointed to execute the powers vested in additional ers.

commissioners by this act ; and if in such case there shall not be In such cafe

two remaining persons at least qualified to act as commissioners commissioners

for the purposes of this act in such district , then and in such cafe for the pur-

the persons qualified to act in the execution of this act as com- poses of this

act may be

missioners for the purposes of this act, in any adjoining district taken outof

of the same county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, or such the adjoining

number of them as shall be requisite, shall execute this act, and district .

the powers hereby vested in commissioners for the purposes of

this act, in and for such first-mentioned district.

XXVIII . And

752 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.1

Commission-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commif .

ers to appoint fioners for the purposes of this act may appoint assessors and

assessorss and

collectors .

collectors for such of the duties by this act granted as shall be re

assessed by the said commissioners respectively, in like manner as

assessorss and collectors may be appointed under the recited acts

respectively ; and where they shall appoint the same persons to be

assessorss and collectors of the said duties as shall have been ap

pointed to execute the said recited acts respectively, they shall

300

cause notice to be given to them that they are also appointed

assessorss or collectors of the said duties to be assessed by such

commissioners respectively.

Inspectors and XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the inspectors and

surveyors of surveyors appointed or to be appointed for the duties on houses

houses and and windows, and other taxes charged by assessment shall be

windows to

act in the inspectors and surveyors of the duties granted by this act ; and

execution of the said respective commissioners for the purposes of this act, or

this act. any two or more of them, and the said respective additional commissioners acting in the execution of this act, or any two or

more of them, and the said assessors and collectors to be appointed

as herein mentioned, and the said inspectors and surveyors shall,

and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do

all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the duty hereby granted, in the like and in as full and

ample a manner as any commissioners, assessors, collectors, fur-

veyors, or inspectors, or any of them, are or is authorised to put

in execution the said recited acts respectively, or any matters or

things therein contained, as well with respect to all acts, mat-

ters , and things, to be done by, under, or before the said respec-

tive additional commissioners , as by, under, or before the respective commissioners for the purposes of this act , in their

respective districts .

Commission-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed

ers and others or to be appointed a commissioner, or additional commissioner,

to take the or an assessors, collector, inspector, or surveyor, in the execution

oath in the.

schedule (F.) of this act, and every person to be appointed a clerk or clerks '

under ape- assistant to the said respective commissioners, before he shall

nalty . begin to act therein, so far as the same relates to the duties

contained in schedule (D.) , or to such other duties as are di-

rected to be charged under the same provisions and regulations,

shall take the oath and oaths, or being of the people called

Quakers, the solemn affirmation or affirmations, prescribed by

this act, and contained in the schedule marked (F. ) hereunto

annexed, applicable to such officers respectively ; which oath and

oaths, or affirmation or affirmations, any one of the persons

appointed a commissioner, either for the purposes of this act, or

an additional commissioner, is hereby authorised to administer

( except that every such oath or affirmation so to be administered

to any commissioner for the purposes of this act, or to an additional commissioner, shall be administered by a commissioner for

the purposes of this act, and not otherwise ), and which oath of

affirmation so taken shall be subscribed by the party taking the

fame;

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 753-

fame ; and if any person shall act as a commissioner, except in

12 administering the oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations

herein mentioned, or as a clerk or clerk's assistant, or an assessor ,

collector, inspector, or surveyor, before he shall have taken the

oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations herein required to

be taken by such officers respectively, he shall for every such

offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be

al recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the said recited

acts respectively ; provided that the appointment of a clerk, and Appointment

any affistant or affistants to such clerk, whenever the same shall of a clerk and

be necessary, thall be vested in the commissioners for the purposes afsistant.

of this act ; and such clerks and assistants shall act as such , as

well in all matters and things to be done by, under, and before

the respective commissioners for the purposes of this act , as by,

under, and before the respective additional commissioners in the

respective districts ; provided, that no more than one clerk afsist- No more than

ant shall be appointed for any district without the approbation ofone assistant

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, on a statement made fent of tax-

without con-

to them by the commissioners for the purposes of this act, office.

stating the necessity thereof , in consideration of the extent or

population of the district .

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several schedules Schedules

marked ( A) and (B), and the several rules therein contained, ( A) and (B)

shall be deemed and construed to be a part of this act, as if the

to be deemed

fame had been inserted herein under a special enactment.

partof the

act.

SCHEDULE ( A. )

Schedule (A.)

FOR all lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, there Duty on

shall be charged throughout Great Britain, in respect of the pro- landlord, &c.

✓Aperty thereof , for every twenty shillings of the annual value

thereof the sum of one thilling ; and the said duty shall be construed to extend to all manors and messuages, to all quarries of

stone, flate, limestone, or chalk, mines of coal, tin, lead, copper,

mundic, iron, and other mines ; to all iron mills, furnaces, and

s

other iron works, and other mills and engines of the like nature ;

to all falt springs and falt works ; to all alum mines and alum

works ; to all parks , chaces, warrens, forests , underwoods, and

coppices ; to all water works, streams of water, canals, inland

navigations, docks, and fishings ; to all tythes, rents, and com-

positions for tythes, corn rents, and other payments in lieu of

tythes ; to all rights of markets and fairs ; to all ways, bridges ,

and ferries, and all other profits arising out of lands or tenements,

and all hereditaments or heritages throughout Great Britain , of

what nature or kind foever they be, belonging to any person or

persons, bodies politick or corporate, guilds, fraternities, companies, or societies, whether corporate or not corporate, except

in cases where other duties are charged thereon, as contained in

schedule (D) .

VOL. XLIV. 3C N°. I.

754 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

1 Schedule ( A. )

N° . I. GENERAL RULE.

Annual value

defined.

The annual value of lands, tenements, hereditaments , or

heritages , shall be understood to be the rent by the year at which

the same are let at rack rent, if such letting shall have commenced within the period of seven years before the fifth day of

April one thousand eight hundred and three, or within the period

of seven years preceding the time of making the assessment ,

otherwise at the rent which the same are worth to be let by the

year.

N° . II . RULES for charging the said Duties.

Tobepaid

First . -The said duties shall be charged annually on, and

by the occu-

pier.

paid by the occupier or occupiers for the time being of such

lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages .

Occupier may Second. The occupier or occupiers of any lands, tenements ,

recover from hereditaments, or heritages, being respectively tenants of the

the landlord

according to same , and paying the said duties, shall deduct so much thereof as

the rate on

a rate of one shilling for every twenty shillings of the rent pay-

the rent.

able to the landlord or landlords for the time being, would, by

a just proportion amount unto, which sums shall be deducted

out of the first payments thereafter to be made on account of

rent; and all landlords, both mediate and immediate, their respective heirs , executors, administrators, and assigns , according

to their respective interests, shall allow such deductions and

payments upon receipt of the residue of the rents, and the te-

nants paying the said assessments shall be acquitted and discharged

of fo much money, as if the same had actually been paid unto

the person or persons to whom his or their rent shall have been

due and payable: provided, that in cases falling within the sixth

and seventh following rules respectively, the said deductions at

the rate aforesaid shall be made on the amount of the rent fo

paid, after deducting the sums, or either of them, allowed to be

deducted by the said several rules , and also after deducting the

fums allowed for repairs, and for other deductions authorised to

be made in the cafes mentioned in N° . III . of this schedule.

Landlords,

&c. may re-

Third. -Where any such dwelling-houses, lands, tenements,

cover from others having

or hereditaments, are subject or liable to the payment of any

rent charge, annuity, fee farm rent, rent service, quit rent, feu

interest.

duty, teind duty, or other rent or annual payment thereupon

reserved or charged, the landlords, owners, or proprietors , by

whom any deductions or payments shall have been allowed as

aforesaid, and the landlords, owners, and proprietors, being respectively occupiers, and charged to the said duties, shall abate

and deduct, and detain and keep in their hands, out of every

such rent charge, annuity, fee farm rent, rent service, quit rent,

feu duty, or other rent or annual payment aforesaid , fo much of

the said duties or payments on account of the same as a like rate

of one shilling for every twenty thillings on such rent charge,

annuity, fee farm rent, rent service , quit rent , feu duty, or any

rent

5

1

وگ

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 755

rent or composition for tythes, corn rent, or other payment in Schedule (A. )

lieu of tythes, or any teind duty, or other rent or annual payment aforesaid respectively, not being less than twenty millings

per annum , shall by a just proportion amount unto ; and all and

every person and persons who are or shall be anyways entitled

unto such rents, duties, or annual payments, their receivers,

deputies or agents, are hereby required to allow such deductions

and payments, according to such rates, upon the receipt of the

residue of such monies as shall be due and payable to them for

such rents, duties, or annual payments, without any fee or

charge for such allowance ; and the landlord, owner, proprietor,

and occupier respectively, being charged as aforesaid, or having

allowed such deductions or payments, shall be acquitted and

discharged of so much money as the deductions or payments

small amount unto, as if the fame had actually been paid unto

such person or persons to whom such rent charge, annuity, fee

farm rent, rent service, quit rent , feu duty, teind duty, or other

rent or annual payment aforesaid, shall have been due and

payable .

Fourth. -Where any demise of lands or tenements is or shall The value of

be made in consideration of a fine, with or without a rent fines, how to

be estimated,

reserved, there shall be annually charged on the lessor or lessors

in such demise the like duty as aforesaid, on an estimate of the

profits and gains arising from such fine, upon a fair and just

average of one year, computed on the annual value of such fine

or fines, as hereinafter is directed, and every such affefsment

shall be made on the amount of the fine or fines which shall

have been received by such lessor or lessors on the last lease,

whether for a new term granted, or for the renewal or prolong-

ation of a terim before existing, and a separate estimate shall be

made on such fine so received upon each existing lease of the

lands and tenements of such lessor or lessors, under such tenure ;

and if on any such demise, a lease shall have been or shall be

granted or renewed for a term of years certain, then the estimate

shall be made on a computation of the amount of the said fine

or fines, divided by the number of years for which such lease has

been granted or prolonged, in consideration of such fine or fines ;

and the quotient arising by such computation shall be the average

fum on which such duty shall be annually charged on such

leffor or lessors; and if on such demise the term granted or re-

newed shall not be for years certain, the commissioners for executing this act shall settle and ascertain the number of years by

which such average as aforesaid shall be found, on which the

duty shall be charged by a just computation of the number of

years which shall be equivalent to the probable duration of the

term granted or renewed, whereby the amount of the fine or

fines paid thereon ought to be divided as aforesaid, to be reck-

oned from the commencement of such term ; and the amount

of such fine and fines so received, and the nature of the term

granted, shall be returned to the commissioners in like manner

as the profits arising under the sixth cafe in schedule (D) are directed

3C2

756 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

Schedule (A. ) directed to be returned ; and in every case where a fine shall

have been or shall be received on any new grant, or on any

renewal of a lease before existing for one, two, or more lives , or

determinable on one, two, or more lives, the computation for

the purposes of this act shall be made, and the average of the

fine or fines received shall be found by a division thereof by

such number of years as hall appear to be the probable dura-

tion of such life or lives , by reference to such tables as thall have

been transmitted to the commissioners under the authority of

this act , by direction of the lords commissioners of the treasury.

Deductions to

Fifth . In regard that the duty hereby directed to be charged

leflee for fine. on the occupier of lands or tenements ought in all cases to be

estimated on the full annual value as aforesaid , there shall be

allowed and deducted out of the assessment to be made of the

said duties on lands or tenements demised in consideration of a

fine or fines in respect of the property, the like amount ofduty

as shall be chargeable on an average of such fine or fines upon

the lessor or leffors, pursuant to the foregoing rule, whichde-

duction may be made on the appeal of the lessee when in the

occupation of such lands or tenements ; or when not in the

occupation thereof, then of such lessee, or his or her under-

tenant or undertenants on the behalf of such lessee.

Deductions Sixth . Where any dwelling-houses, lands, tenements, here-

for land-tax. ditaments, or heritages, shall be charged towards the aid

granted by an act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An altfor granting an aid to his

Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for thefervice

of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the

charge thereon shall be payable by reason of the same not having

been redeemed, there shall be allowed and deducted out of the

assessment to be made thereon of the said duties, such sum of

money as a like rate on the sum charged and paid for such aid

shall by a just proportion amount unto.

For rates for Seventh . -Where any lands shall be subject to a publick rate,

drainage, &c. or affsessment , in respect of draining, fencing, or embanking the

fame, the annual value shall be estimated for the purposes of this

act , exclusive of the amount of such rates or assessments bonâfide

paid on such account in and for the year preceding the year of

affefsment.

Mortgagees Eighth . Where any mortgagee or creditor in any heritable

inpoffeffion bondor wadfet, shall be in the possession of the lands, tenements,

liable. or hereditaments, mortgaged or secured, such mortgagee or creditor shall be chargeable as occupier, when in the actual occupation of the same ; and when not in the actual occupation of

the fame, thall be liable to such deductions as any other landlord

would be; and upon the settlement of accounts between such

mortgagee or other creditor as aforesaid, and the mortgagor or

debtor, the duty payable in respect of the amount of the interest

payable upon such mortgage or other debt as aforesaid, thall be

taken and allowed as so much money received by such mort-

gagee or other creditor as aforesaid on account of such interest.

Ninth.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 757

Ninth . Where any houses, lands, or tenements, shall be Schedule (A. )

- occupied by the owner at the time the assessment under this act Owner dying,

shall be made, who shall die within the year, the heirs, execu- how the duty

tors , administrators, or assigns, or other person or persons who is to be paid.

1

on such death become entitled to the rents and profits thereof ,

shall be liable to the payment of all arrears of the said duty due

at the time of such death, and to all subsequent instalments for

that year according to their respective interest, without any new

affefsment.

F

12

F

No. III. Particular DEDUCTIONS from Schedule (A. )

First. For every dwelling-house not chargeable to the duty Deductions

contained in schedule ( B) in respect of the occupation thereof, for repairs .

there shall be deducted out of the annual value of such dwell-

ing- house estimated according to this act, for the purpose of

charging the duties in schedule (A) on account of incidental re-

pairs of such dwelling- house, a sum not exceeding the rate of five

pounds per centum on the annual value of fach dwelling-house so

estimated, which deduction shall be made by the assessors or

assessors before an assessment, or upon appeal before the said

commissioners : and for every dwelling-house and other buildings

on a farm of lands, tythes, or teinds, chargeable to the duties in

schedule (B) in respect of the occupation thereof , except where a

tenant shall be bound to the repairs thereof or any part thereof ,

there shall be deducted on account of incidental repairs, out of the

annual value of such farm, as estimated for the purpose of charging

the duties contained in schedule (A), a sum not exceeding the rate

of two pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm fo

estimated, which last-mentioned deduction may be made by the

affefior or assessorss , on the production of the lease, tack, or

agreement in writing, or upon an account in writing delivered

by the owner or occupier, to such assessors or assessorss , or upon appeal before the said commissioners.

Second . The amount of the tenths, and first fruits duties Tenths, &c.

and fees on presentations paid by any ecclesiastical person within

the year preceding that in which the computation shall be made .

Third. -Procurations and synodals paid by ecclesiastical per- Procuration,

fons, on an average of seven years preceding that in which the &c.

computation shall be made.

Fourth. Repairs of chancels of churches by any rector, vicar, Repairs of

or other person bound to repair the fame, on an average ofchancels .

twenty-one years preceding as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as

can be produced.

In all which cases the assessment in respect of the property

shall be amended as the cafe may require.

No. IV . EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (A. ) E

First . -The scite of any college or hall in any of the univer- Colleges and

fities of Great Britain, and all offices, gardens, walks, and grounds halls.

for

758 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [ 1803.

Schedule ( A. ) for recreation, repaired and maintained by the funds of such col-

lege or hall.

Hospitals .

Second . The scite of every hospital or public school, or alms

house, and all offices , gardens, walks, and grounds for recreation

of the hospitallers, scholars, and almsmen, repaired and maintained

by the funds of such hospital, school , or alms house.

Rents of

hospitals.

Third. The amount of the rents and profits of messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to any hospital or

alms house, on proof before the respective commissioners of the

due application of the said rents and profits to charitable purposes only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable

purposes only ; such exemption to be claimed and proved by any

steward, agent, or factor, acting for such hospital or alms house,

or by any trustee of the fame, and to be carried into effect either

by vacating the assessment made on such messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments , or by obtaining a certificate of ex-

emption as hereinafter is mentioned, and as the case may require.

Schedule ( B.)

SCHEDULE (B. )

Duty on cc- FOR all dwelling-houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

cupier in Eng- in England, Wales, and Berwick- upon-Tweed, there shall be

land.

charged in respect of the occupation thereof , for every twenty

shillings of the annual value thereof , the sum of nine pence.

In Scotland. For all dwelling-houses, lands, tenements, or heritages, in

Scotland, there shall be charged in respect of the occupation

thereof , for every twenty shillings of the annual value thereof ,

the fum of sixpence.

Tobe charged Which duties shall be respectively charged, in addition to the

to schedule duties contained in schedule ( A), and shall be construed to extend

( A), except to all the properties therein particularly charged ; except a

fordeling dwelling-house not occupied with a farm oflands for the purpose

from farms

of farming such lands, or with a farm of tythes or teinds, for the

and tythes,

purpose of farming the same; and except tythes or teinds, and

&c.

rents or compositions for tythes or teinds, and corn rents and

other payments in lieu of tythes or tiends : provided that, in all

cafes where lands are not subject to such tythes or teinds, or to

One- eighth to

bededucted

any modus or composition real in lieu thereof , there shall be

from rent of

deducted out of the annual value eßimated for the purpose of

tythe-free

charging the duties contained in this schedule, a fum not ex-

lands.

ceeding one- eighth part of such annual value ; and in all cafes

where lands are subject to a modus or composition real, there

shall be deducted out of such annual value, so much thereof as ,

together with such modus or composition real, shall not exceed

Lessees and

occupiers of

tythes to pay

3d. per 205.

one-eighth part of such annual value as aforesaid; provided also,

that any person being lessee and occupier of tythes or teinds,

other than the occupier of the lands from whence such tythes or

teinds shall arise, shall be charged in respect of the occupation at

the rate of three- pence for every twenty shillings of the annual

rent thereof , estimated as aforesaid.

RULES

5

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 759

Schedule (B.)

RULES for charging the said last - mentioned Duties .

First. The said last-mentioned duties shall be subject to the To be paid by

general rule contained in schedule (A), and shall be charged the occupier.

annually on, and paid by, the occupier or occupiers for the time

being, his, her, and their executors, administrators, and assigns.

Second. Every person deriving a profit from the use of any Who shall be

lands, or tenements, shall be taken and considered for the pur- occupier .

poses of this act as the occupier of such lands or tenements .

Third. The said last- mentioned duties shall on each affeff . Tobe in force

ment thereof be in force for one year, and shall be levied on the for one year .

occupier or occupiers for the time being, without any new

affefsment for that year, notwithstanding any change in the

occupation thereof; provided every tenant on quitting the occu- How paid on

pation shall be liable for the arrears at the time of so quitting , change of

and for such further portion of time as shall then have elapsed to occupation.

be settled and levied by the respective commissioners, and repaid

to the occupier or occupiers by whom the same shall have been

paid, and the executors or administrators of any tenant who

shall die before the end of such year, thall be liable in like manner

as the testator or intestate would have been if living at the time

ofquitting such occupation .

RULES for estimating the Annual Value of Properties before Schedules

described in Schedules (A) and (B), situate in England, (A) and (B) .

Wales, and Berwick-upon Tweed.

First. -No such property shall be estimated at a less annual Not to be va-

lued at less

value , thanthe rent or value at which the same shall be charged than a the

in the last rate made on or before the time of making the affeff- poor rate.

ment for the relief of the poor in the parish or place where such

property thall be situate .

Second. -Where the said poor rate shall be made throughout To be made

by a pound rate on the annual value, as the fame would be efti- on the fame

mated according to schedule (A), the estimate thereon to be value.

fums if on full

made under this act shall be made on the same sums respectively

as in such poor rate.

Third. Where the poor rate shall be made throughout by To be en-

such pound rate on any proportionate part of the annual value as creased to full

aforesaid, the proportion thereof shall be observed as in the poor on propor-

value, if made

rate ; but the estimate thereon to be made under this act shall be tionate sums.

made at the same sums respectively as they would have been

estimated at , if the poor rate had been made on the full amount

of such annual value.

Fourth . -Where properties of different kinds shall be rated in If in different

the fame poor rate, according to different proportions of the proportions,

value thereof as aforesaid, or shall be rated therein at different the rate for

rates of such value, but nevertheless the properties of the fame theguide

lands to be

kind shall be rated in a due proportion to each other, both as to throughout.

the value and rate of charge, in every such case the rule of rating

lands, both as to the value and the rate of charge, shall, in making

the

760 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

Schedules the estimate under this act, be observed throughout, as well with

(A) and (B. ) respect to such lands, as to the other properties therein rated, fo

far as relates to such poor rates as shall be made either on the full

value of the properties, or on any proportionate part thereof .

How to esti-

mate, where

Fifth. In all cafes not falling within the three last preceding

thepropor- tions are not

rules, but nevertheless where the properties shall appear to the

assessorss to be rated in the poor rate in the same proportion to

known.

each other, though the proportion of such rate to the value of

the property rated be not known, and the assessorss are able to

ascertain the rack rent of any property which shall have been fo

let within the period of seven years preceding, within the limits

of the parish or place where the said afsessors shall act, they shall

make an estimate of such property on the amount of such rent;

and the estimate so made shall form the basis on which the esti-

mates of other properties of which the rack rent shall not have

been so ascertained, shall be made ; and they shall make their

estimates of all other property in sums bearing the fame propor-

tion as near as the same can be computed, to the amount of such

first estimate, as the sums, at which such other property is valued

at in such poor rate, bear to the fum charged in the said poor

rate on the said property first estimated ; and in cases where the

same rule of proportion shall not have been observed in rating

different kinds of property, then the assessors shall make an esti-

mate, as above directed, upon each of such kinds of property,

for the purpose offorming a basis, on which the estimates of other

Where no

poor's rate ,

afsessors to

estimate from

the best in-

formation.

properties of the same kind may be made.

Sixth . Where there shall be no poor rate, or where any

property shall not be rated in any poor rate, the assessorss shall,

from the best information they can obtain of the rent at which

such property shall have been let within the term before limited,

or if not so let, of the annual value thereof as aforesaid, make an

estimate according to such rent or annual value, as the case may

require.

Where the

Seventh . Where the poor rate of any parish or place shall

poor's rate

is notjuftly

not afford a just proportion of the value of properties situate

made, theyare

therein, according to any of the rules before mentioned, or there

to estimate ac-

shall not be any property whereon to form the basis of the esti-

cording to

mate to be made under this act, according to the fifth rule be-

theirjudge-

ment.

fore mentioned, the assessorss may, according to the best of their

judgement, ascertain the annual value of the several properties

therein, and make their estimates according to such annual

value.

Relief where

property is

affelled above

thevalue.

Eighth . If by pursuing any of the preceding rules, any property which shall have been let at rack rent within the seven

preceding years, shall be estimated at a sum exceeding such rent,

or any property which shall not have been so let shall be efti-

mated at a fum exceeding the annual value thereof , estimated

according to the general rule before prescribed, the commif-

fioners for executing this act shall , on appeal therefrom, give

such relief as by this act is directed.

Ninth .

4

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 761

Ninth . If by pursuing any of the preceding rules, or other- Schedules

wife , any property which shall have been let at rack rent within ( A.) and ( B.)

the seven preceding years, thall be estimated at a less sum than To be en-

the amount of such rent, or any property which shall not have creasedwhen

been so let, shall be estimated at a sum less than the annual value made below

thereof , estimated according to the general rule before prescribed, the value.

the commissioners for executing this act shall increase such efti-

mate, and proceed to make an assessinent according to such

increased estimate, in manner herein directed.

Tenth. Where any landlord shall be subject to any covenant To be efti-

or agreement , to pay and satisfy out of the rent reserved on any mated, or the

lands or tenements, all or any parochial rates, taxes, or affeffrent after deducting

ments, which by law are a charge on the occupier, or any rent money pay-

or other annual payment to be made in lieu of tythes or teinds, ments on

or any composition for tythes or teinds, then and in every such account of

cafe, the rent or annual value, as the case may require, shall be occupier , paid

estimated, for the purposes of this act, exclusive of such rates ,

by landlord .

taxes, or assessments, or of such rent or payment in lieu of tythes

or teinds, or compositions for tythes or teinds, to be computed

on the amount thereof bonâfide paid by such landlord in and for

the year preceding the year of assessment.

Eleventh. Where any tenant of lands or tenements shall be Amount of

subject to any covenant or agreement to pay and satisfy all or money paid

bytenant on

any aids, taxes, rates, or assessments, by law chargeable on or account of

payable by the landlord or landlords, then and in such case the landlord to

amount thereof which shall have been bonâ fide paid by such be added to

tenant in and for the year preceding the year of assessment , shall, the rent ..

in making the estimate for the purpose of charging the duty in

respect of occupation, be added to the rent reserved, in cafe the

same shall have been let within the period of seven preceding

years, and if not so let, the estimate shall be made according

to the general rule in schedule (A) , without regard to such payment.

Twelfth . -Where the amount of rent reserved on lands shall Rentac-

depend on the price of corn or grain, the estimate, for the pur- cording to

poses of his act , shall be made on the amount payable according price of corn

grain, to

to the prices fixed in the year preceding the year of affefsment be ascertained

on the fame average prices or fiars, and in the same manner by as between

which such rents have usually been ascertained between the the partics

Jandlords and tenants, or according to the annual value of such year.

the preceding

lands, estimated according to the said general rule, as the cafe

may require.

Thirteenth. -Where the amountofrent reserved on tenements, Rent ac-

hereditaments, or heritages, shall depend on the actual produce cording to

thereof, either in respect of the price or quantity of such produce, produce, to

be ascertained

the estimate for the purposes of charging the duties in schedule in like man-

(A) shall be made on the amount or value of such produce in the ner.

year preceding the year of afsessment , according to the prices

fixed, or according to the quantity produced in such preceding

year, by the same rules, and in the same manner by which such

ents have usually been ascertained between the proprietors and

their lesffees or tenants .

RULES

762 Schedules

( A. ) and (B.)

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [ 1803.

RULES for estimating the Rent or Annual Value of Pro-

perties before described in Schedules ( A) and ( B), situate

in Scotland.

In Scotland

Every estimate of such property in Scotland shall be made

the estimate

without reference to the cess or tax- roll, or valued rents hereto-

to bemade

according to

fore used in Scotland , or any stent thereon, and shall be made

the general rule .

according to the general rule contained in the schedule (A) to

the best of the belief and judgement of the commissioners,

assessors, and others employed in charging the said several duties .

Method of

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in every cafe where the

ascertaining poor's rate of any parith or place in England , Wales, or Berwick-

property,

upon-Tweed, shall not be made on the full amount of all the

where the

properties in such parish or place whereon a duty is directed to

poor's rates

shall not be

be charged by schedules ( A) or (B), nor in any given propor-

made on the

tionate part of such value ; and in all cafes where any property

fullamount,

so chargeable shall not be rated in such poor's rate, it shall be

by returns from the

lawful for the assessor or assessors, and he and they is and are

parties.

hereby required, to give or leave notice in writing to the occu-

pier or occupiers thereof , or at the last or usual place of abode

of them, or any of them, or on the premises to be charged with

the said affefsment, requiring him, her, or them, to prepare and

produce to the said assessor or assessors, within twenty-one days

next ensuing the day of giving such notice, an account in writ-

ing, in such form as shall be directed under the authority of this

act, of the annual value of such property estimated, according to

the general rule contained in schedule (A), as the cafe may

require ; upon which account so delivered it shall be lawful for

the said assessors or assessors to make an estimate of the said property on the amount of the sum ascertained by such account, if

the said afssessor or assessors shall be satisfied with such account ;

but if the said assessor or assessors shall not be satisfied therewith,

or if no such account shall have been returned, the said assessors

or assessorss shall make an estimate to the best of his or their

judgement on the said property.

Afsessors may

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any tenant

make their

at rack rent shall produce to the assessor or assessors the lease or

estimates fands on the production of

agreement, if in writing, under which he or the holds any pre-

mises to be charged as aforesaid, and in case it shall appear by

the leaseby

such lease or agreement, that the same shall have been let within

the tenant,

the period of seven preceding years, and no other consideration

according to

the reserved

in money than the rent reserved shall be contained in such lease

rent.

or agreement, it shall be lawful for such assessors or assessorss to

make their estimate according to such rent, any thing before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; but such assessiment

shall not be binding in cafe it shall appear to the commissioners,

that the said lease or agreement doth not express the full confi-

deration for the demise, or the rent bonâ fide paid for the same,

or is made in any other respect with intent to conceal or dimi nish

- 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 122. 763

nish the annual value of such premises : provided always, that

regard shall be had to the cases before mentioned, where the

amount of the reserved rent shall be increased by reason of any

covenant or agreement by the landlord to discharge the tenant's

taxes , rates , assessments , or duties before mentioned : or where

the same shall be decreased by reason of any covenant or agree-

- ment by the tenant to discharge the landlord's taxes, rates, or

assessments ; and to the deductions to be made on account of

any aid or publick rate or assessment before described.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no deduction from No deduction

F

the annual value of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or for lands ,

to be made

heritages, shall be allowed in any case, unless an account thereofunless an

in writing, signed by the party claiming such deduction, stating account be

the nature and amount thereof , shall have been delivered to the delivered.

assessors or assessorss, or to the respective commissioners by whom

respectively such deduction may be allowed as herein directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any tenant Tenants at

atrack rent under any parol demise from year to year, or any rack re

rent

tenant , who by reason of any mortgage or other contract, shall parol

demise, or

not have the custody or possession of , or the power over any lease not able to

or agreement in writing, under which he holds the premises produce

3

demised , and who shall give reasonable proof to the commif - leases ,to

deliver an

sioners why he is unable to produce the same, shall deliver to account of

the assessors or assessorss an account in writing , signed by him or thevalue.

her, of the actual amount of the annual rent reserved on such

demise, such account so delivered shall be deemed a compliance

1

with this act, in all cases where he may be called upon under

the authority of this act, to produce such lease or agreement ;

and it shall be lawful for such afsessor or assessors to make their

3

estimate according to such rent, any thing before contained to

the contrary notwithstanding; but such assessment shall not be

binding in case it shall appear to the said commissioners that the

S

said account doth not express the full consideration for such

demise, or the rent bonâ fide paid for the same, or is made in

any other respect with intent to conceal or diminish the annual

value of the premises held under such demise ; and every such

tenant who shall wilfully deliver any such account which shall

be false, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and small be lia-

ble to be charged in double the duty hereby charged, computed

1

on the annual value of the premises held under such demise,

estimated according to this act ; and the said commissioners are

in such cafe hereby required to make an affefsment accordingly.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every tenant ofTenants in

lands, or tenements, or heritages, in Scotland , shall within ten Scotland to

days after the assessors or assessorss shall have left at his or her produce their

leases on

usual place of abode, or at any dwelling-house on the premises notice.

to be charged with the affeffiment, a note in writing to the effect

after mentioned (which such assessors or assessorss are hereby required to deliver in every instance), shall produce to such afsessor

or assessorss the tack or lease, or other agreement or articles in

writing, under which he or she holds such lands or tenements ;

or

764 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 . 18

or where the same shall not be in the power, custody , or possession,

of such tenant, or there shall be no such tack, lease or agreement, or

articles, than he or she shall leave with such assessor or assessors, or

10

at his or their dwelling-house, within the time before mentioned,

a note in writing of the actual rent annually reserved and payable,

and of any other valuable consideration given or to be given to

the landlord or landlords of such lands and tenements, as a fur-

20ther consideration for such tenancy , under the penalty of treble

the duty hereby chargeable thereon in case of any wilful neglect

to comply with such notice ; and it shall be lawful for such

assessors or assessors to make his or their estimate on the production,

of such lease or agreement, or articles, according to the rent

therein reserved and made payable ; and in case of non- produc-

tionof such lease or agreement, or articles , in writing, then upon the

rent reserved or made payable according to the account thereof

delivered as aforesaid , if he or they shall be satisfied that the said

lands , tenements, or heritages, have been bondfide let at the re-

served rent notified to him or them as aforesaid, without other valuable consideration ; but in case such assessor or assessors shall not

be satisfied with the notification given to him or them, or in case

no such notification shall be given, then such assessor or assessors

If lands be-

come unoc-

cupied , dif .

tress may be

taken after-

wards.

shall make the estimates as directed in the foregoing clause.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That so far as respects the

duties chargeable under schedule (A) , in case any lands charged

to the said duties in any part of Great Britain shall afterwards

become unoccupied, and no distress can be found on the same

at the time such duties shall be payable, then and in such case it

shall be lawful for the collectors of the parish or place where the

said lands are situate , for the time being, at any time after, to

enter upon the said lands when there shall be any distresses there-

upon to be found, and the distress and distresses to seise and sell

under the like powers as they might have distrained on the same

lands in the occupation of the person or persons charged to the

Affefsment on

said duties , at the time the duties became due : provided always,

houtes un-

that the said duties shall not be levied on any houses which mall

occupied to

become unoccupied after an assessment, for such portion of the

be discharged. year as the same shall be unoccupied, but the assessinent thereupon

for such portion of the year as aforesaid, shall upon appeal be dif-

charged by the commissioners in like manner, on due proof

thereof , as they are authorised to discharge any other affefsment

by virtue of the said recited acts respectively of the present session

of parliament.

Modeof le-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That where by any afsessinent,

vying thedu-

the duties hereby granted shall be charged on tythes or teinds,

ties charged

and the same shall not be paid within the respective times limited

ontythes .

by this act, it shall be lawful for the collector and officer to

distrain upon such tythes or teinds, or any other of the goods

or chattels of the owner of such tythes or teinds , wherever the

fame can be found, and to seise, take, and fell fo much thereof as

shall be sufficient for the levying the said assessment, under and subject

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 765

subject to the powers granted by the said recited acts respectively

in other cafes .

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That when any assessment shall Mode of le-

コ

be charged on any composition for tythes or teinds, or any rent vying the

dutieson

or payment in lieu of tythes or teinds, the occupier of the lands composition

and premises charged with such compositions, rents, and payments, fortythes,

thall be answerable for the duties so charged ; and where any af- markets,

sessiment shall be charged on the profits of markets or fairs, or on fairs, tolls,

tolls , fisheries, or any other annual profits, not distrainable, the fisheries, &c.

owner or occupier, or receiver or receivers of the profits thereof,

shall be answerable for the duties charged thereon; and in every

such cafe the collectors shall distrain upon such persons respectively,

by any of the ways and means prescribed by the said recited acts

respectively.

1

XL. And be it enacted, That the respective assessors acting How affef-

in the execution of this act shall make their certificates ofvalua- fors areto

make their

tion or estimates on all lands , tenements, and hereditaments, or estimates .

heritages, within the limits ofthose places for which they are to

act throughout Great Britain, and shall fet down the full and just

annual value for which all such lands and premises are let, or

really worth to be let by the year, estimated in each particular

cafe according to the directions of this act, together with the

names and furnames of the occupiers or the proprietors thereof .

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for and in consideration Allowances to

3

of the extraordinary care and pains requisite in making and ad. assessorss for

justing the first year's assessment on lands, tenements, heredita- affefsment.

the first year's

ments, or heritages, under this act, the assessor or assessorss, not

1

being also the collector or collectors, shall have such allowance,

not exceeding two- pence in the pound; and the assessor or assessors,

being also collectors, shall have such allowance, not exceeeding

one-penny in the pound, upon all fums afsessed in the parith or

place for which they are appointed assessorss, as the commissioners

زا

for the purposes of this act shall certify to the receiver-general

they are respectively entitled unto, which sums so paid the re-

ceiver- general shall be allowed in his accounts ; provided, that

where any affefssiment shall be increased by the commissioners

to the extent of one-third of the fums assessed , or the commif-

1

fioners, shall, from other causes, be of opinion, that such assessors

or afsessors shall not faithfully have performed his or their duty

in the execution of this act, it shall be lawful for the said commif-

fioners in their discretion to refuse the granting of any such certificate, or to fix the allowance before limited to such sum, as in

their judgement they shall think such assessors are justly entitled

unto. XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the assessors Assessor to

for any parish, ward, or place, shall not be able to make their apply to com-

affeffiments according to the provisions of this act, or shall be ob- missioners and

surveyors for

structed therein, it shall be lawful for them to made appplication instructions .

to any two or more of the commissioners acting in the execution

of his act, for the district where such assessors thall be appointed,

or to any surveyor or inspector of the said duties, who shall se- verally

766 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

verally instruct such assessors in making their afsessments , and affist

them in the execution of this act, according to the powers and

authorities vested in them respectively by this act .

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the afsessors to be appointed

Afsessors to

for the aforesaid duties in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-

verify their estimatesbe-

Tweed , shall , at the time of bringing in their certificates of valua-

fore the com- tions or estimates, being required so to do by any surveyor or in-

missioners .

spector of the said duties, give notice to the overseers of the poor

They and the of the parish or place where they shall act, to produce or cause to

be examined

overseers may be produced to the commissioners for executing this act, in rela-

before the tion to the said duties, the book or books, or a true copy thereof ,

commission- in which shall have been entered the rates made for the relief of

ers, who may the poor of such parish or place; and the said commissioners shall,

rectify the assessments if in case the said surveyor or inspector shall allege and shew, to the

not duly

made.

satisfaction of the said commissioners, that the said estimates, or any

of them, havenot been made according to the directions of this act ,

examine the said assessors, and also the overseers of the poor for the

same parish or place, or any of them, being duly summoned for that

purpose, on their oaths or solemn affirmations, touching the pro-

portions between the said rates and the values of the properties

charged therein ; and whether the properties, or any, and which

of them, have been valued therein at the amount, or at any and

what proportion, of the annual value thereof respectively : and

what ought to be the just proportion between the rates on the

different properties therein charged, if the amount of the values

thereof , and the fame proportion between the rates, had been ob-

served throughout the rate ; and also what property shall have

been omitted to be rated ; and which of the properties in the

parith or place thall be entitled to be assessed, on an average of

the profits and gains for three years, according to this act ; and

the said commissioners shall carefully examine the estimates made

by the said assessorss, and ascertain whether the same have been

made according to the directions prescribed by this act, and from

the result of the said inquiries may rectify the same estimates in

any particulars which in their judgement may be requisite, before

Commission-

they make an assessment thereon, as herein is directed.

ers and others

XLIV . And be it enacted, That for the better information

may examine of the commissioners appointed to carry this act into execution,

poor rates.

and the persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, and also the

surveyors and inspectors, and the better to enable them to perform their duty, the said commissioners, or any two or more of

them, and the assessorss, surveyors, and inspectors, herein mentioned, or any one or more of them, or any person or persons

authorised by them, or any of them, throughout England , Wales,

and Berwick- upon-Tweed, hall have liberty from time to time, and

at all seasonable times, to inspect and take copies of or extracts

from any book or books kept by any parish officer or officers, or

other person or persons, of or concerning the rates made for the

relief of the poor, or any other publick taxes, rates , or affefsments,

in any place within the limits for which they shall be appointed ; and

t

5

1

3

CA

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 767

and if any person, or persons in whose custody or power any of

the said books ( hall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said

1

inspection, or the copies or extracts to be made as aforesaid, or

to attend the said commissioners with their books when required

so to do in pursuance of this act, then and in every such cafe

every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall for every such

offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty pounds nor

less than five pounds .

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Assessor in

the assessorss in each parish or place in Scotland, and they are Scotland to

hereby required, to take to their assistance the schoolmaster in such be examined

parish or place, for the purpose of making such valuation of the concerning

the valuation.

lands and other premises within their respective limits ; and at

the time of bringing in their certificates, they shall make oath of

the truth of their valuation, and that the fame was made accord-

ing to the best of their skill and judgement, and shall submit to

be examined on such oath before the said commissioners, in all

matters and things concerning the said valuation which the said

commifsioners shall require for their information .

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in cases where there Affsessors and

shall be no such poor rate on which the assessment as aforesaid other officers

can be estimated, and the occupier or occupiers, upon due notice to view and

survey lands,

under this act, shall omit to produce an account in writing as byorder of

aforesaid, of the amount of the annual value of the property in commission-

his or their occupation estimated according to the general rule ers .

in schedule (A) , the several assessors, inspectors, and surveyors,

authorised to act in the execution of this act, and every of them,

throughout Great Britain, having first obtained an order in that

behalf , signed by two or more of the said commissioners, shall ,

after two days notice to the occupier or occupiers thereof , have

full power at all seasonable times of the day, to view and examine

all or any lands, in order to make such survey thereof as herein-

after is mentioned, or otherwise to ascertain the annual value at

which the fame ought to be charged by virtue of this act, and for

so doing thall have liberty to enter upon any lands or grounds ,

whether inclosed or not, and to measure and survey the fame, if

they cannot otherwise ascertain the annual value thereof .

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That within a reason- Commission-

able time after the respective surveyors and inspectors shall have ers to make affefsments

had the examination of the estimates delivered by the assessors in on estimates

any part of Great Britain, the said commissioners shall proceed not objected

to take the fame into consideration; and in cafe the surveyor or to .

inspector shall not have objected thereto, and the said commif-

fioners shall be satisfied that the said estimates have been made

truly and without fraud, so as to enable them to charge the seve-

ral properties contained therein with the full duty which ought

to be charged upon them respectively, the said commissioners shall

compute and ascertain , or cause to be computed and ascertained,

the amount of the duty fo chargeable at the respective rates pre-

scribed by the said schedule , of one thilling for every twenty thil- lings

768 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

lings of the annual value so estimated in respect of the property ,

and of nine -pence or sixpence for every twenty shillings of such

value in respect of the occupation, according to the respective

parts of Great Britain aforesaid in which the said properties respectively are situate, and shall make afsesiments upon the respective occupiers of such properties of the several fums fo com-

puted at the respective rates before mentioned, subject neverthe-

less to an abatement of the said respective duties, in the cafes

hereinafter mentioned.

On objection XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the surveyor or

taken, the inspector shall have objected to such estimates, and shall apply

commission- for a revision thereof , suggesting in writing to the commissioners

ers to rectify , that there hath been any error, mistake, or fraud, in making such

estimates , and

make affeff- estimates, arising either from the not pursuing the directions

ments there-

before given , or in making the poor rate onwhich such estimate

on.

was founded, or from any other cause, or that any property

chargeable to the said rate hath been omitted to be estimated

therein, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, according

to the best of their judgement, to rectify such estimates, so that

thedutytobe computed as aforesaid thereon may be fully charged,

according to the intent and meaning of this act, and to make

their affetsments according to such rectified estimates, at the respective rates , and in manner before mentioned.

The duties to

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

be levied as

the respective commissioners, or any two or more of them execut-

they become

due and if not

ing this act, in relation to the aforesaid duties, and they are

levied tobe a

hereby required, for the districts for which they act, to issue out

debt on re-

and deliver to the respective collectors their warrants, as directed

cord.

by the said recited acts respectively of the present session ofpar-

liament, for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the

said duties as the same shall become payable, by quarterly or

half-yearly instalments, in the respective parts of Great Britain

as herein directed ; and such part thereof as cannot be so levied

1

and collected, may be recoverable as a debt upon record to the

King's majesty, his heirs and successors, with full costs of suit ,

and all charges attending the fame, and when so recovered, the

said duties shall be paid to the receiver- general , in aid of the pa-

rith or place answerable for the fame.

Parishes to be

L. And be it further enacted , That the parish or place in

answerable

which any affefsment shall be made of the aforesaid duties, shall

for collectors . be answerable for the amount of the duties which shall be

charged in such parish or place, and for the said duties being

duly demanded of the respective persons charged therewith , within

ten days after the same are payable by virtue of this act, accord-

ing to the regulations contained in the said recited acts of the

present seffion of parliament respectively, by the collector or collectors appointed for such parish or place, and also for such collector or collectors duly paying the fums by him or them received

to the receiver-general of the said duties, according to such re-

Arrears to be gulations.

re-assessed. LI . And be it further enacted , That any arrears of the said duties

3

5

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 769

duties arising from the default as aforesaid, or by the failure of

any collector for which any parish or place as aforesaid shall be

answerable, shall be assessed within or upon such parith or place,

as soon after such default shall be discovered as conveniently can

be done , and shall be charged on the amount of the afsessment

which shall be made for the fame duties in the year commencing

from the fifth day of April preceding the time of making such re-

affeffiment , by duly apportioning the amount of such arrear

amongst the several persons aflessed in that year, in the assesiment

of the fameduties on which such arrear shall have accrued, according to the amount of each person's assessinent therein, as

nearly as the cafe will admit, and by the like rules, methods, and

directions by which the original afsessment was made, to be raised

and levied in such manner as any affefsment may be by virtue of

this act raised and levied, under the regulations of the said re-

cited acts respectively.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, liable to Penalty for

any of the duties before mentioned, and being required so to do not making

in pursuance of the directions contained in this act in such case, returns .

shallwilfully neglect to deliver to the assessors or assessorss requiring

the fame , atrue, perfect, and complete return or account of all

the matters and things for which such returns or accounts may

lawfullybe demanded in pursuance of this act, within the respective times herein limited, he or she so offending shall forfeit

and pay the sum of fifty pounds, over and above anyduty charge-

able by this at.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyors or in- Surveyors

spectors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, shall and inspectors

to have access

be, and they are hereby empowered to inspect and examine all to returns and

and every the returns made by any person or persons charge- affeffinents,

able to the said duties, or any of them, according to the direc- with liberty

tions of this act, and also all and every the afssessments of the said to amend be-

fore an affeff-

several duties, or any of them, made under the authority of the ment.

respective commissioners before mentioned, by virtue of his act,

as well before as after the commissioners shall have signed and

allowed the said assessments, and before such allowance to correct

and amend such affefsments, if he or they shall think fit; and

every person in whose custody such returns shall be, shall, and is

hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or in-

spector as aforesaid , to deliver the same into his custody for the

purposes of this act, taking his receipt for the fame ; and every

person , in whose custody any such affeffiments shall be, shall, and

is hereby required, upon the request of such surveyor or inspector

as aforesaid, to produce the fame, and such surveyor or inspector

is hereby authorised to take charge of the fame, until he shall

have taken such copies of or extracts from the fame, as may be

necessary for his and their better information ; and if any such After affeff

surveyor or inspector shall after any such list or lifts, and affeff- ment, to fur-

ment or affefsments, shall be so respectively made out and signed,

charge .

and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover upon his survey or ex-

VOL. XLIV. amination

3 D

770 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [ 1803..

amination, or otherwise, that any person who ought to be charged

with the said duties, or any of them, thall have been omitted to

be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated ; or that

any person liable to the said duties, or any of them, and being

required so to do, hath neglected or refused to make a return according to the directions of this act ; or that the assessors or affeff-

ors have neglected to require a return in any case where a return

ought to have been required from any person or persons , accord-

ing to the intent of this act, so that he or she shall not have been

charged to the amount which ought to have been paid by him

or her ; then and in every such case, the said surveyor or inspector

shall certify the same in writing under his hand, together with

an account of every default, and the full amount of the duty

which ought to be paid, by way of surcharge, to any two or

more of the said respective commissioners for putting in execution this act in relation to the duties on which such surcharge

shall be made, in order to have such default or under-rate rectified

in the said afsessment ; and such commissioners are upon the deli-

very of any such certificate, and upon oath being first made that

such notice as hereinafter is directed, was given to or left in

writing at the dwelling-house or other place of abode of the person

fo surcharged, hereby required to sign and allow the said fur-

charges, and to cause the said assessiments to be rectified , and

the said duties to be levied accordingly ; all which examinations

and surcharges the said inspectors and surveyors are hereby empowered to make, from time to time, and at such times as is di-

rected by the said recited acts of the present seffion of parliament

respectively.

No assessment

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no assessment or

or surcharge surcharge made or to be made by any assessors or assessorss,

to be made by surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors by virtue of this

anyaffeffor,

surveyor, &c. act, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any mistake or

shall be im-

variance in the christian or surname, or either of them, of any

peached on

account of

person liable to any of the duties payable by this act, nor by reason

any mistake

of any mistake in the description of any lands or other premises

in the names

charged in schedule (A) or (B), or the amount of the duty fur-

ordescriptions .

charged, whether such mistake or variance shall appear in the

notice and certificate to be delivered or made in such cafe, or in

either of them; but that all such assessments and surcharges thall

be valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes , notwithstanding

'any such mistake or variance ; provided the notice of surcharge

be delivered to or left at the abode of the person intended to be

so surcharged according to the directions of this act ; and the duties

intended to be described shall be chargeable on such person or

persons.

Power of avoiding the

LV. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for

any person to whom such notice of surcharge shall be given

double duty

as aforesaid, at any time previous to the time appointed for

bymakinga

return after

hearing appeals next after the delivery of such notice, to make

surcharge.

out and deliver to the surveyor or inspector who shall have delivered

す

G

یا

15-

لا

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 771

livered the notice of surcharge, a true, perfect, and complete

scheduleof the annual value, as the fame ought to be estimated according to this act, of all the property charged thereby, and

which ought to be assessed by and under the commissioners

of and in the district where such surcharge shall be delivered, in

such form as shall be directed under the authority of this act, and

as the cafe may require, so that he or she may from such schedule

so delivered, be charged to the said duties the full fum at which

he or the ought to be charged by virtue of this act in such

district ; provided always, that to every such schedule, there With an affi-

thall be annexed an affidavit in writing , to the effect hereinafter davit annexed.

mentioned; and if the said surveyor or inspector shall be satisfied

with such schedule and affidavit, then he shall certify such return Surveyor's

certificate

and affidavit to two or more of the said commissioners respectively, thereupon .

with the amount of the duty to be charged, who shall thereupon

cause the affefsment to be made according to such certificate, and

the fame rate of duty as set forth in the schedules marked (A) and

( B), to be charged on the person making such return, without

further trouble or delay ; but if upon examination of such schedule or such affidavit, the said surveyor or inspector shall see just

cause to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such return and

affidavit, together with the cause of his objection, to two or more

of the said commissioners respectively, who shall thereupon cause

the assessment to be made according to such last - mentioned certificate, in the amount of the duty at which such person shall be

surcharged; and from which surcharge no abatement shall be

made on any pretence, unless on appeal as hereinafter is directed,

of which certificate notice shall be given by the surveyor to the

person to be charged thereby.

LVI . And be it further enacted, That every such affidavit The form of

affidavit in

shall allege and declare in substance, or to the effect as follows : such cafe.

( that is to say) that the return to which this affidavit is annexed,

is a full , perfect, and complete return of all matters and things

required of the said deponent by this act, to the best of his or her

judgement; which affidavit may be taken before any one or

more of the commissioners acting for the place where the fur-

charge shall be made, or where the party surcharged shall reside,

and shall be signed by the party making the same: provided al-

ways, that an appeal may be made from any assessment or fur-

charge as aforesaid, and heard and determined under the regulations of the said recited acts respectively ; and that such appeal

may be made in the like cafes as are mentioned in the said re-

cited acts respectively.

< LVII . Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person or Persons over-

persons shall think himself , herself , or themselves respectively rated may ap

over-charged or over- rated by any certificate of any inspector peal to the

orcommission-

surveyor as aforesaid, or by any affefsment to be made by virtue ers.

or in pursuance of such certificate, it shall be lawful for him, her,

or them respectively, to appeal to the said commissioners in such

manner as he or they are authorised to appeal from any original affefsment

3 D2

772 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

assessment or surcharge , by the regulations of the said recited acts

respectively.

Onappeal a

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the hearing of

schedule to

be produced .

any such appeal, or the appeal against any original affessment or

surcharge, the appellant shall in all cases produce before the said

commissioners, a true, perfect and complete schedule, as directed

by this act as aforesaid, and as the case may require ; and, if required so to do, shall verify the same upon his or her oath or af-

firmation.

The value of

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifupon

may

benascertained appeal , any dispute shall arise, touching the annual value of any

byactual va-

messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, and the

luation by

commissioners shall deem it necessary that a valuation thereof

order of the

should be taken and made by any person or persons ofskill, it shall

commission- be lawful for them to direct the appellant to cause such valuation

ers.

to be made, the cost and charges whereof shall abide the final

determination of the said commissioners ; and it shall be lawful

for them to make an affefsment according to such valuation, and

to require the same to be verified on the oath or affirmation of the

person or persons making the same; but in cafe the appellant

shall not proceed with effect to cause such valuation to be made

as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall proceed to an affefsment

according to the best of theirjudgement, on such messuages, lands,

tenements, hereditaments, or heritages : provided always, that it

thall be competent to the said commissioners, in every such cafe

where the valuation fo made shall exceed the value put upon the

fame mesluages, lands , tenements, hereditaments, or heritages,

by the appellant, to direct the costs and charges attending the

fame, to be paid by him ; but if they shall be ofopinion that such

costs and charges have not been incurred through any default of

the said appellant , they shall direct the same to be paid by the

collector or collectors of the parish or place, who, on the certificate of any two or more commissioners present at the time of the

determination, shall pay the same; and the fums so paid shall be

allowed to such collector or collectors in his or their accounts

with the receiver-general, on delivering to him or his deputy

such certificate, together with the receipt and voucher for such

payment.

In cafe of

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the dif-

dispute a va-

pute shall arise touching the valuation of the properties as rated

luation of all

1

the land in

in the poor rate of any parish or place, and it shall be lawful for

the parish may

the commissioners to direct a survey and valuation to be taken of

betaken.

all the imessuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heritages,

in such parish or place, and to give such directions respecting the

payment of the costs and charges attending the same either by

the several and respective occupiers thereof in proportion to their

respective interests , or by the collector out of the monies in his

hands of the duties granted by this act, as shall appear to the said

commissioners to be just .

Powerofgiv-

ing relief

LXI. And be it further enacted, That ifit shall appear to the satisfaction

11

S

1

1

J

با

A

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 773

satisfaction of the said commissioners, that any lands, tenements, where affeff-

or hereditaments, shall have been assessed at a fum exceeding the ments are

made above

just rate on the annual value thereof , estimated according to the the value of

rules specified in the said schedule, on occasion of the assessors or lands.

assessorss having pursued the proportions observed in the poor

rate on which such assessment was made, it shall be lawful for

the said commissioners on appeal from such affefsment, to abate

and deduct from such aff ffiment so much as in their judgement

will reduce the rate to a just rate on such annual value.1

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on In case of

such appeal the occupier of any such premises held under any appeal, occu-

demise at rack rent, shall produce and thew to the said commif- pier shewing

lease, or if no

fioners the lease, tack, or agreement, ifin writing, or shall prove lease, proving

by anylawful evidence, to be produced on the part of such occu- his annual

pier, in cafe there shall be no such lease or agreement in writing, rent, comif- fioners may

the annual amount of the rent at which such premises are let , it reduce the

shall be lawful for the said commissioners, in case such demise rate.

hath been made within the period of seven years, and they shall

be satisfied that such lease or agreement doth express the full consideration for the demise, or that the rent bond fide paid for the

same hath been duly shewn to them in evidence , and that such

demise is made wholly on consideration of such reserved rent,

without any intention to conceal or diminish the annual value of

such premises, or other fraudulent intention whatever, to abate

and deduct from such assessment so much as in their judgement

will reducethe rate to a just rate on such rent.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to Where lands

the said commissioners, that, on occasion of the assessors or assessorss are affefsfed at

having pursued the proportions observed in such poor rate, any less than the

Jands or tenements shall have been assessed at an annual value value, the af-

feffiment may

less than the actual rent at which the same shall be let , or if not be rectified.

let , at less than the rent at which the fame might be let, it shall

be lawful for the said commissioners to enlarge and increase such

affefsment to such sum as a like rate on such rent would amount

unto, as well with respect to the rate on the property, as the rate

on the occupation of such lands and tenements .

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon every fur- Surcharges,

charge allowed upon appeal by the said commissioners, upon the ifconfirmed ,

certificate of the surveyor or inspector, as directed by this act, the to be indou-

affessment shall be made in double the rates of duty prescribed inble dutyin

certain cases.

the schedules marked ( A) and ( B), on the amount of the duty fo

surcharged, which sum shall be added to the assessinent, and collected and levied therewith: provided always, that every such

appeal, if the said commissioners shall be of opinion that there

was any reasonable cause of controversy on the part of the

appellant on the subject matter of appeal, and that the party

hath not been guilty of any wilful default , neglect, or omif-

fion, nor wilfully done any act with intention to defraud the revenue, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners who shall have

determined the said appeal, although they shall confirm or allow

the

774 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [ 1803 . 1

the surcharge, at the same time to remit and strike off the whole

18

or any part of the double duty ; and the assessors, surveyor, or in-

spector, so making such surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled

to , and shall have and receive for his own use from the receiver-

general to whom the duties shall be paid, the overplus of the sum

so charged above the said rate of duty, as prescribed in the said

schedule, and which shall not be so remitted or struck off as afore-

te

to

said , which overplus the commissioners for executing this act,

who shall have confirmed such surcharge, or any two or more of

them, shall at the same meeting certify under their hands to the

Ba

commissioners for the affairs of taxes in England, and the barons

of the court of exchequer in Scotland ; and the certificate of the

ch

said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and barons, or any

two or more of them respectively, shall be a warrant to the said

receiver-general to pay the same.

Penalty on inspectors making false

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any inspector or

surveyor shall willfully make any false and vexatious surcharge,

anakvexatious or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the commissioners

surcharges.

for executing this act any false and vexatious certificate of charge,

every such inspector or surveyor shall forfeit to the party aggrieved

any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered by action

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster, for offences committed in England , and

in the court ofgreat sessions for offences committed in Wales, and

in the courts of session or exchequer for offences committed in

Scotland , with full costs ofsuit: provided always, thatnothingherein-

before contained, nor any suit by the party aggrieved, in pursuance

of his act , shall be construed to affect , impeach, or defeat any ac.

tion or information brought or to be brought against any surveyor

or inspector, in pursuance of the said recited acts respectively, for

any corrupt, vexatious, or illegal practices in the execution of his

office ; and it shall be lawful for the judge before whom such in-

spector or surveyor shall have been convicted of such offence,

byindorsement on the postea, or for the court before whom such

person shall be convicted, to mitigate the penalty at his or their

discretion.

Schedule (C)

to be deemed

part of his

act .

LXVI . And be it further enacted , That the schedule herein-

after mentioned, marked (C), and the rules therein contained ,

shall be deemed and construed a part of this act , as if the same

had been herein inserted under a special enactment.

Schedule (C.)

Dutyon

dividends .

SCHEDULE ( C. )

UPON all profits arising from annuities, dividends, and

shares of annuities , payable to any person or persons , bodies po-

litick or corporate, companies or societies, whether corporate or

not corporate, out of any publick revenue, there shall be charged

for every twenty shillings of the annual amount thereof the sum

of one thilling without deduction ; which duty shall be paid by

the person or persons entitled unto the said annuities, dividends, and

コ

803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122 . 775

and shares, his, her, or their executors, administrators , or assigns, Schedule (C. )

according to their respective interests ; which duties thall be

assessed by the respective commissioners for the purposes of this

act , in their respective districts where the parties shall reside, or

before the commissioners for the purposes of this act, acting for

the city of London, as the parties shall choose, or before the additional commissioners in those districts respectively, or by referees

in case such party shall be chargeable also to the duties contained

in schedule (D), and shall obtain an order for that purpose in

manner herein directed ; and shall extend to all publick annuities

whatever, except the stocks of publick companies otherwise

charged by this act, and except as hereinafter is excepted.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Stock of

nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to charge friendly focie-

the stock or fund of any friendly society established under or by ties exempted.

virtue of an act passed in the thirty- third year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement and relief

offriendly societies, provided the property therein shall be duly

claimed and proved by any agent or factor on the behalf of any

such society, or by any member thereof, before the commissioners

for the purposes of this act, in the district where such society shall

be established .

LXVIII. Provided also , That nothing herein contained shall Stock of

be construed to extend to charge any corporation, fraternity, or charitable in.

society of persons established for charitable purposes only ; nor to

stitutions ex-

charge any funds, which, according to the rules or regulations empted .

of any corporations , companies, fraternities, or societies, or of

any trustee or trustees , established by act of parliament, charter,

decree, deed of trust, or will, shall be applicable to charitable

purposes, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable

purposes only ; provided the application thereof to such purposes

shall be duly proved before the commissioners for the purposes

of this act, by any agent or factor on the behalf of any such corporation, fraternity, or society, or trustee or trustees, or by any of

the members or trustees .

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither Not to ex-

this act, nor any thing herein contained, shall be construed to tend to com-

extend to such part of the publick annuities as have been or the national

missioners of

shall be transferred to the commissioners appointed or to be ap- debt.

pointed by virtue of an act, intituled, An att for vesting certain

Jums in the commissioners at the end of every quarter of a year, to be

by them applied to the reduction of the national debt ; and the go-

vernor and company of the bank of England shall from time to

time cause to be transmitted to the commissioners for the purposes of this act, acting for the city of London , an account of

the total amount of stock as shall have been transferred to the

said commissioners .

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted , That nothing Nothing here-

herein contained shall be construed to extend to such part of the said in contained

shall extend

publick annuities , as are or shall be transferred to the accounts in to stock in the

the books of the bank of England, in the name or under the name of the

description of the lord high-treasurer of England , or of the com- treasury.

missioners

776 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [ 18031

missioners of his Majesty's treasury, in pursuance of any act or

acts of parliament; and the governor and company of the bank

of England shall from time to time cause to be transmitted to the

said commissioners acting for London, an account of the total

amount of stocks as shall have been transferred to the said respective accounts .

This act shall LXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

not extend to in this act contained shall be construed to extend to the profits

foreigners .

arising from any annuities, dividends, and thares, bonâfide be-

longing to any person not being a subject of his Majesty, and

not being resident in Great Britain, during such time as the same

shall continue the property of such person; provided that such

property shall be duly claimed and ascertained in the manner

hereinafter mentioned.

Persons enti-

tled todivi-

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every person, and

dends, to re-

body politick and corporate, company or society of persons, who

turn state-

shall be entitled unto any shares of such annuities, shall by force

ments, &c.

of such general notices as are hereinafter mentioned, and with-

tocommifsion - out any particular notice for that purpose, within the time

ers.

limited in such general notices in order to their being affessed

before the respective commissioners, or in order to their being

exempted therefrom, as coming within any of the special ex-

emptions herein -before allowed, deliver or cause to be delivered

to them, or to their clerk, at such place or office as shall be

appointed for that purpose, the like lifts, declarations, and state-

ments , as persons are hereinafter required to deliver in respect of

their profession or trade, in which lifts, declarations, and state-

ments respectively , they shall separately and distinctly specify the

amount of the annual profits arising from such publick annuities,

and the particular stock of annuities on which such profits arise,

and the description of the person or persons in whose name or

names the same are vested, and of any other person or corpora-

tion, company or society, for whom such person shall act in any

of the characters hereinafter described ; and it shall be lawful for

the commissioners to whom such statement shall be delivered, if

they shall be satisfied therewith, to make an affefsment on the

amount of the annual profits contained in such statement at the

rate before mentioned according to the provisions of this act;

and if the said commissioners shall be disfatisfied therewith, they

shall make an assessment in such sum, as according to their

judgement such person, corporation, company, or society, ought

to be charged with by virtue of this act, pursuing such mode of

inquiry in investigating the amount of such profits, as they are

authorised to pursue in inquiring into the profits of trade as

hereinafter mentioned, or uting such other means of investigating

the fame, as they may think most eligible for ascertaining the

amount of such profits ; and the ssaid commissioners shall on such

statement also allow such exemptions as they are satisfied are

bonâ fide claimed, or, being dissatisfied therewith, shall proceed

aoon os to examine into the facts according to the provisions of this

Sip to pealt act.

етоло

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122 . 777

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person, cor- Commission-

poration, company, or society whatever, entitled unto any shares ers for Lon-

in such publick annuities, who shall not, within the time herein thofewho

don to charge

limited for delivery of such statements , make a return thereof neglect to

according to the directions of this act , shall be charged and make returns .

assessed to the duties contained in the said last-mentioned sche-

-dule by the additional commissioners acting for the said city of

London; which said commissioners shall , from the best informa-

tion they can obtain, twice in every year, previous to the times

for payment of the half yearly dividends on the respective stocks

ofannuities, make an estimate of the profits which each person,

corporation, company, or society, who shall not already have

3

been assessed by the commissioners in their respective districts for

the year in which such profits shall accrue, and shall make an

affefsment thereon at the rate prescribed by this act, a certificate

of which affefsinent shall be delivered to each party charged

therewith , ifhis, her, or their place of abode shall be known, in

orderthat such party may appeal therefrom to the commissioners

for the purposes of this act, if he or she shall be aggrieved by

such afsessment.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective com- Commission-

missioners to whom any statements of the profits arising from ers not of

such annuities as aforesaid, shall have been delivered in any dif . Londonto

transmit to

trict, except the city of London, shall from time to time, and the commif-

wheneverthe same shall be necessary, or when thereunto required, fioners in

cause tobe transmitted to the said commissioners acting for the London certi-

said city , a certificate of the amount of the profits arising as last ficates of the

amountof

aforesaid, which shall have been assessed by them, which certifi - duty charged

cates shall respectively contain the names and places of abode, or on dividends.

4

other descriptions, of the respective persons on whom such affeff-

ments shall have been made, and the particular stock of annuities

onwhich such profits shall arise ; which certificates shall exempt

the party so assessed from any further affefsment on account of the

f

said annuities ; and the like certificates shall be transmitted in like

manner of all exemptions allowed by the said respective commif-

fioners from the said last- mentioned duties .

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where Referees may

any referees shall be appointed, as herein-after directed, to settle fettle the

ا

1

amount of

and ascertain the amount of the fums which ought to be paid by duty to be

theparty in such reference, in respect of profits arising from any paid fordi-

profession, trade, or manufacture, it shall be lawful for them at vidends .

the same time to fettle and ascertain the amount of duty payable

by the fame party, in respect of his or her profits arising from

such publick annuities ; provided that a separate account thereof

be taken, and the computation thereof be made at the rate be.

fore prescribed, without deduction or abatement ; and the fettle-

ment and determination of such referees shall be of the like force

in respect of the said last-mentioned duties, as in respect of the

other duties before mentioned; and the referees shall proceed

therein in the manner hereinafter provided , as well in regard to

the ascertainment of the duty as to the payment thereof.

LXXVI. And

778 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803. 182

Accounts to

LXXVI . And be it further enacted, That in order to the

be delivered

due assessinent of persons entitled to dividends, or shares of an-

of payment ofannuities .

nuities payable out of the publick revenue, all persons and corpo-

rations to whom the payment thereof shall be intrusted, thall

from time to time deliver an account of all such dividends and

shares to such inspector or surveyor as thall be authorised for that

purpose, under the hands of three or more of the commissioners

for the affairs oftaxes, upon demand thereof , in like manner as

the statements of the income of such persons and corporations

are required to be delivered.

Trustees, &c.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person who

in courts,

as trustee, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or as attorney,

having the controul of

agent, or factor, of any person or persons, whether under incapa-

property to

city or not , and whether residing in Great Britain or not ( except

pay the duty.

such persons and such charitable institutions, as are herein ex-

empted from the said duties) and the chamberlain, treasurer, or

other officer of any corporation, company, or society, in Great

Britain, and the ac accountant-general of the court of chancery ,

and every officer of any court in Great Britain, having the di .

rection and controul of any property vested in the said publick an-

nuities, who shall, in respect of their several offices, be in the re-

ceipt ofdividends payable upon the said publick annuities, shall be

answerable for the doing all such acts, matters, and things , as

shall be required to be done, in order to their being duly assessed,

or to the claiming of exemptions from the said duty in cases

herein allowed ; and it shall be lawful for every person hereinbe-

fore described , by and out of such dividends, whenever the same

shall be received, to retain so much and such part thereof from

time to time as shall be sufficient for the satisfaction and discharge

of such duty ; and every person before described shall be and they

are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every person

and persons, corporations, companies, and societies whatever, for

all payments on account of the said duty which they shall respec-

Sums paid pendingdif-

tively make in pursuance of this act.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

puted titles ,

in all cafes in which the title to any property under the controul

tobe repaid

or direction of any court of equity, or other court, in any suit

to parties if

depending or otherwise, or the proportions thereof , shall be un-

their thares

entitle them to

certain, either by reason of any contingency to which the same

abatement.

may be subject, or by reason of any dispute concerning the same,

or for any other cause , at the time of the duty being charged

thereon, and the same shall be paid according to the directions of

this act, either by the receiver or receivers of the profits, or by

any officer of such court , and it shall appear upon the settlement

or ascertainment of such property, that the annual income arising

therefrom , or from any proportion thereof, belonging to any per-

fon, together with all other income of the same person, shall not

have amounted to one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, it

shall be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to

order such relief as the party would have been entitled unto at

the time of making the affeffiment , if the title to such property

A had

803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 779

had been then ascertained, and to direct repayment of the sums

which shall appear to them to have been overpaid, in such man-

her as to them thall seem just and expedient .

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the sums affefssed Duties on

by the said commissioners, in respect of the said last-mentioned dividends to

be levied as

Juties, shall be entered in their books, together with the sums the duties in

assessed by the fame commissioners, in respect of the duties here-schedule (D. )

nafter mentioned, contained in schedule (D) , and shall be paid

and discharged by the like rules and regulations, and under the

like penalties, as are hereinafter provided in respect of such

duties.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any subject Duty on di-

of his Majesty thall, after receipt of any publick annuity as afore.vidends, if

said, or any share therein, or any dividend thereof , either at the be recovered not paid, may

bank of England, South Sea house, East India house, or exche- in any part of

quer, neglect to pay the same for the space of six calendar the united

months thereafter , or shall depart from that part of the unitedkingdom.

kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England into any

other part of the said united kingdom, without satisfying and

paying the duty payable on the share or dividends so received,

such duty shall be recoverable as a debt on record to the King's

majesty, his heirs and successors, with full costs of suit , and all

other charges attending the same ; and the like process shall

thereupon issue at the instance of his Majesty's attorney-general

for England or Ireland, or the advocate of Scotland , against such

person, his or her estate, goods, chattels, and effects , according

to the laws of that part of the said united kingdom wherein such

person shall reside ; and such proceedings shall be thereupon had

for the recovery of the said fum, and all costs and other charges

attending the same, as may lawfully be had in such parts of the

said united kingdom respectively , for the recovery of debts due

to his Majesty arising within the fame , any law, usage, or cuf-

tom to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any attorney, agent,

or factor shall receive any such annuities, shares, or dividends,

without retaining in his hands, and paying the duty chargeable

thereon , except in such cases where the principal for whom he

so acts shall have claimed and obtained a certificate of exemption

from the said duties, every such attorney, agent, or factor, fo

neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds over

and above the duty so payable.

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That For ascertain-

where the stock of any persons shall stand in the books ofing foreign

the company of the bank of England, or South Sea company, or

stock.

of the exchequer, in the name of any trustee, agent, or factor,

for such persons as aforesaid, such trußee, agent, or factor, shall

be answerable for the said duties, unless he thall prove on oath

before the commissioners for the purposes of this act , acting for

the city of London, to their satisfaction, that such annuities,

✓ dividends, and shares, bonâfide belong to persons not subjects of

his Majesty, and not resident in Great Britain, in which cafes

the said commissioners are hereby required strictly to examine as

to

780 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

to the persons to whom such annuities, dividends , and shares

belong, and the respective places of their ordinary residences, and

all other circumstances necessary for their information, and to

require from the cashier or cashiers , or other officers belonging

to the respective offices where such dividends shall be payable,

such information respecting the same as the said commissioners

shall think necessary ; and to grant to the party making such

Certificate of application, a certificate of such exemption: provided also, that

exemption to where the stock of any person shall stand in the name or names

beobtained. of such person, or of any other person not resident in Great

Britain, it shall be lawful for the attorney, agent, or factor, hav-

ing authority by virtue of any letters or powers of attorney to

receive the dividends arising from such stock, to make such application as aforesaid, to the commissioners for the purposes of

this act, acting for the city of London ; and on due proof of the

several circumstances before required, the said commissioners

shall grant such certificate as before directed, in order that such

exemptions may be duly carried into effect .

On transfer of

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the stock

such stock, for which any such exemption shall have been obtained, or any

the certificate

tobe vacated. part thereof , shall be transferred or assigned to any person or

persons, corporation, company, or society whatever, the said

New certifi- exemption shall cease : provided always, that where the whole

cate to be

granted for

the remainder

of such stock, or interest therein, shall not be so transferred or

assigned, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners , on such

not trans-

proof as is herein-before required on like application for that

ferred .

purpose, to grant a like certificate for the purpose of exempting

the remainder of such stock, and so from time to time, so long

as any part of the said stock shall continue to be entitled to the

Punishing faidexemption.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person

persons frau- shall, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef-

dulently pre- fors, falsely or fraudulently make any claim of any such annuity,

tending that

stock is the property of

dividend, or share of any such annuity, as belonging to a person

not being a subject of his Majesty, and not resident in Great

foreigners.

Britain, contrary to the intent of this act, every such person shall

be liable to be affessed in treble the duty to be charged on the

said annuities, dividends, and shares, at the rate prescribed by

this act, and shall moreover forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs

and fuccessors , the sum of five hundred pounds.

Schedule ( D)

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the schedule

deemed part

marked ( D) hereinafter mentioned, and the rules therein con-

of the act .

tained, shall be deemed and construed a part of this act, as if

the fame were herein inserted under a special enactment.

1

Schedule (D.)

SCHEDULE (D.)

Duty on per-

fons residing

UPON the annual profits or gains, arising er accruing to

in Great Bri- any person or persons residing in Great Britain, from any kind

tain .of property whatever, whether situate in Great Britain or else- where ,

コ

5

1

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 781

where, or from any profeffion, trade, or vocation , whether the Schedule (D. )

same shall respectively be carried on in Great Britain or elsewhere,

there shall be charged, for every twenty shillings of the amount

of such profits or gains, the yearly sum of one shilling :

And upon the annual profits or gains arising or accruing to Duty on per-

any person or persons whatever, whether subjects of his Majesty , dingin

fons not re-

or not , although not resident within Great Britain , from any Great Britain.

property whatever in Great Britain, or any profeffion, trade,

employment, or vocation, exercised in Great Britain, there shall

be charged, for every twenty shillings of the amount of such

profits or gains, the yearly sum of one thilling, except the interest ofdebts due to foreigners not resident in Great Britain.

Which last-mentioned duties shall extend to every description .To what the

of property or profits which shall not be chargeable or charged duties extend,

and bywhom

to either of the said duties contained in schedules (A) (B) or ( C), to be paid.

and to everydescription of employment ofprotit not chargeable or

charged to the duty hereinafter mentioned, contained in schedule

(E), and not specially exemptedfrom the said respective duties, and

thall be charged annually on and paid bythe person or persons,

bodies politick or corporate, fraternities, fellowships, companies, or

societies, whether corporate or not corporate, receiving or enti-

tled unto the fame, his, her , or their executors, administrators,

successors, and assigns respectively.

RULES for ascertaining the said last- mentioned Duties in the Rules for af-

particular Cases herein mentioned.

certaining the

duties .

FIRST CASE. -Duties to be charged in respect of any Trade or

Manufacture.

First. The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be Computation

computed on asum not less than the full amount of the profits or ofduty on

gains of such trade or manufacture, upon a fair and just average

trade.

of three years, ending on such day of the year immediately pre-

ceding the year on which the accounts of the said trade or

manufacture shall have been usually made up, or on the fifth

day of April preceding the time of making the affefsment, and

shall be paidwithout other deduction than is hereinafter allowed.

Second. The said duty shall extend to every person or per- To whom the

fons, bodies politick or corporate, fraternities, fellowships, com- duty extends.

panies, or societies, and to every art, mystery, adventure or

concern, carried on by them respectively in Great Britain or

elsewhere, as aforesaid.

Third. No deductions shall be made from such profit or Deductions to

gains on account of any fums expended for repairs of premises be allowed ,

occupied for the purpose of such trade or manufacture ; nor for

any fum expended by them for the supply or repairs or alterations

of any implements or utensils, or articles employed for the purpose of such trade or manufacture, beyond the fum usuallyex-

pended for such purposes, according to an average of three years

preceding the year in which such affefsment shall be made.

Fourth.-

1

782 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 122. [ 1803 .

Schedule (D.) Fourth . -In estimating the amount of the profits and gains

Nodeduction arising as aforesaid, no deduction shall be made on account of

for annual in- any annual interest, or any annuity, allowance or stipend, pay-

terest .

able out of such profits or gains, except the interest of debts due

to foreigners not resident in Great Britain.

SECOND CASE. The Duty to be charged in respect of Professions,

Employments, or Vocations.

Computation

First. The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be

of duty on profeffions.

computed at a fum not less than the full amount of the profits,

gains, and emoluments of such professions, employments , or

vocations, within the preceding year, ending as in the first

cafe, to be paid on the actual amount of such , profits or gains,

without any deduction.

THIRD CASE.-The Duty to be charged in respect of Property of

- an uncertain Annual Value, not charged in Schedule (A. )

Computation The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed

ofduty on at a sum not less than the full amount of the profits or gains

uncertain

pronts, except arising therefrom, within the preceding year, ending as in the

mines, to be first cafe, to be paid on the actual amount of such profits or

on an average gains, without any deduction, except in the cafes of all mines

offive years ; herein enumerated, the duty whereon shall be computed on an

other than

mines failing, average of the five preceding years ending as aforesaid , and not

otherwise : provided, that if it shall be proved to the satisfaction

of the commissioners, that any mine has from some unavoidable

cause been decreased, and is decreasing in the annual value

thereof , fo that the average of five years will not give a fair and

just estimate of the annual value thereof , it shall be lawful to

compute such annual value on the actual amount of the profits

and gains in the preceding year, ending as aforesaid, subject to

such abatement on account of diminution of such profits within

the current year as is herein provided in other cafes ; provided

ormines stopped work- also that where any mine, which shall have been worked within

ing . such preceding periods as aforesaid respectively, thall from some

unavoidable cause have wholly failed, it shall be lawful for the

said commissioners, on due proof thereof , to discharge any

assessment , to be made thereon under either of the preceding

rules.

FOURTH CASE. -The Duty to be charged in respect of Interest

arising from Securities in Ireland , or in the British Plantations

in America , or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions out of

Great Britain, and Foreign Securities.

Computation The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed

ofduty from on a fum not less than the whole andjust sum and sums (lo far

securities in as the fame can be computed) which have been or will be re-

Ireland, &c. ceived in Great Britain, in the current year, without anydeduc-

tion or abatement.

FIFTH

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 783

FIFTH CASE . -The Duty to be charged in respect of Possessions in

Schedule( D.)

Ireland, or in the British Plantations in America, or in any

other of bis Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and

Foreign Possessions.

The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed Comput

Computation

ofduty from

at notless than the full amount of the actual fums annually re- profeflions in

ceived in Great Britain, either for remittances from thence pay- Ireland, &c.

able in Great Britain, or from property imported from thence

into Great Britain, or from money or value received in Great

Britain, and arising from property of any person or persons ,

which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, comput-

ing the same on an average of the three preceding years, as

directed in the first cafe, without deduction or abatement.

SIXTH CASE.-The Duty to be charged in respect of any Annual

Profits or Gains not falling under any of the foregoing Rules,

and not charged by Virtue of any of the other Schedules contained

in this Act.

The nature of such profits or gains, and the grounds on which Computation

- the amount of the duty chargeable thereon shall have been com- ofduty on

undescribed

puted, and the average taken thereon (if any), shall be stated to profits.

the commissioners, and the computation shall be made on the

amount of the full value of the profits and gains received

annually , or according to such average as aforesaid, as thall be

directed by the said commissioners, to the best of the knowledge

and belief of the person or persons in receipt of the fame, or

✔ entitled thereto .

P

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That any subject of his Temporary

absentees to

Majesty , whose ordinary residence shall have been in Great be charged as

Britain, and who shall have departed from Great Britain and residents.

gone into any parts beyond the seas for the purpose only of oc-

cafional residence at the time of the execution of this act, shall

be deemed, notwithstanding such temporary absence, a person

chargeable to the duties mentioned in schedule ( D) , as a person

actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be assessed and

charged accordingly (in manner hereinafter directed) upon the

whole amount of his or her profits or gains, whether the fame

shall arise from property in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from

any allowance, annuities, or stipends, except as herein is excepted, or from any profession, employment, trade, or vocation,

in Great Britain or elsewhere .

LXXXVI . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Temporary

no person who shall , on or after the passing of this act, actually residents not

to be charged

be in Great Britain for some temporary purpose only , and not unless after

with any view or intent of establishing his or her residence six months

therein, and who shall not actually have resided in Great Britain residence.

for the period of fix successive calendar months, shall be charged

with the said last -mentioned duties as a person residing in Great

Britain, in respect of the profits or gains received from or out of

any possessions in Ireland , or any foreign possessions, or from

securities

784 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 122. [1803.

securities in Ireland , or foreign securities ; but nevertheless,

every such person shall, after such six months residence therein,

be chargeable for the fame from the commencement of the year,

in cafe such person shall have been then resident in Great Britain;

or if not fo resident , then from the period of his or her having

come into Great Britain.

Foreigners claiming ex-

LXXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That

any person who shall depart from Great Britain, after claiming

emption, and

returning, to

such exemption, and shall again return to Great Britain before

be charged.

the fifth day of April next after such claim made, shall be charge.

able to the said duties as a person residing in Great Britain

for the whole of the year in which such claim shall have been

made.

Officers of

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all bodies

corporations politick, corporate or collegiate , companies, fraternities , fellow-

to be charged hips, or societies of persons, whether corporate or not corporate ,

to the duties

payable by the shall be chargeable with such and the like duties as any person

corporations . or persons will, under and by virtue of this act, be chargeable

with ; and that the chamberlain or other officer acting as trea-

furer, audítor, or receiver, for the time being, of every such

corporation, company, fraternity, fellowship, or society, shall be

answerable for doing all such acts, matters, and things, as shall

be required to be done by virtue of this act, in order to the

affeffing such corporations, companies, fraternities , fellowships,

or societies, to the duties granted by this act, and paying the

Trustees and

fame. LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the trustee or

guardians to

trustees, guardian or guardians, tutor or tutors , curator or

be charged to

the duties on

curators, committee or committees, of any person or persons,

account of

being infants, or married women, lunatics, idiots, or insane,

infants, &c. having the direction, controul, or management of the property

or concerns of such infants, married women, lunatics, idiots,

orinfanepersons, whether such infants, married women, lunatics,

idiots, or insane persons, shall reside in Great Britain or not,

shall be chargeable to the said last -mentioned duties , in like

manner and to the fame amount as would be charged if such

infants were of full age, or such married women were sole, or

such lunatics , idiots, or insane persons, were capable to act for

Receivers to themselves ; and any person or persons not resident in Great

be charged for Britain, whether subjects of his Majesty or not, shall be charge-

persons not able in the name or names of such trustee or trustees, guardian

residing in

Great Britain.or guardians, tutor or tutors, curator or curators, committee or

committees, or of any agent or agents, or receiver or receivers ,

having the receipt of any profits or gains arising as herein mentioned, and belonging to such person or persons, in the like man-

ner, and to the like amount as would be charged if such

persons were resident in Great Britain , and in the actual receipt

thereof; and every such trustee, guardian, tutor, curator, committee, agent, or receiver, shall be answerable for the doing all

such acts , matters, and things, as shall be required to bedone by

virtue of this act, in order to the affeffing such persons to the

duties granted by this act, and paying the fame.

XC. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 785

XC. And be it further enacted, That the receiver or receivers Trust pro-

appointed by the court of chancery, or by any other court in perty in the

court of chan-

Great Britain , having the direction and controul of any property cery, &c.

in respect whereofa duty is charged as last- mentioned, whether

the title to such property shall be uncertain or not, or subject to

any contingency or not, or be depending, or be not ascertained

by reason of any dispute or other cause, shall be chargeable to

the said duties in like manner, and to the like amount, as would

be charged if the said property was not under the direction and

controul of such court, and the title thereto was certain, and not

1

subject to any contingency whatever ; and every such receiver

shall be answerable for doing all such matters and things as shall

be required to be done by virtue of this act, in order to the

affeffing the duties granted by this act, and paying the fame.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That any married woman Married wo-

- acting as a sole trader by the custom of any city or place , or

men trading

as foie to be

otherwise, shall be chargeable to such and the like duties, and charged.

in like manner, except as hereinafter is mentioned, as if she was Married wo

actually sole and unmarried : provided always, that any married men living

woman living with her husband, shall be charged in the namewith their

of the husband, and not of her trustee or trustees . husbands, to

be charged in

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That their names .

every trustee (except such trustees who shall have authorised the Trustees of

receipt of the profits arising from trust property, by the person persons of full

or persons entitled thereunto, or his, her, or their respective age residing in

agent or agents, and which person or persons shall actually re-Great Britain ,

to deliver

ceivethe fameunder such authority), and every agent or receiver their names

(except bankers, or persons acting as such, and receiving pro- and residences

perty for which such bankers or persons aforesaid shall be ac- only.

countable), of any person or persons being of full age, and

resident in Great Britain (other than married women, lunatics,

idiots, and insane persons), shall return a list , in the manner

hereinafter required, of the names and residences of such persons,

without being required to do any other act for the purpose of

affeffing such persons, unless the commissioners acting in the

execution of his act in respect of the affefsinent to be made on

such person, shall require the testimony of such trustees, agents,

or receivers, in pursuance of the directions hereinafter given .

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person Such trustees

being trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or and officers

may retain

committee, of or for any person or persons, shall be assessed as the duty.

hereinafter mentioned, in respect of such person or persons ; or

✓ where any chamberlain, treasurer , or other officer of any corpo-t

ration, company, fraternity , or society, shall be so affessed in

frespect of such corporation, company, fraternity , or society as

1 aforesaid ; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for every

person or persons who shall be so affessed, by and out of the

money which shall come to his or her hands as such trustee,

agent, or receiver, guardian , tutor, committee, or curator, as

aforesaid, or as such chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other

officer , to retain so much and such part thereof from time to

VOL. XLIV. 3 E time

786 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

time as shall be sufficient to pay such assessment ; and every such

trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or cu-

rator, chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer , shall be,

and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and

every person and persons, corporations, companies, fraternities,

or societies whatsoever, for all payments which they shall respectively make in pursuance and by virtue of this act.

By whom XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the profits of any

profits ofcom- messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, oc-

panies maybe cupiedby any company of persons engaged in trade or manu-

assessed. facture, or any adventure or concern established by act of par-

Jiament, or charter, or being otherwise of a publick nature, may

under the regulations hereinafter contained, be stated and

assessed to and by the commissioners hereby appointed ; and the

clerk, treasurer, auditor, or receiver of such company, shall be

answerable for doing all such acts, matters, and things, as shall

be required to be done by virtue of this act, in order to the

affeffing such companies in respect of such profits to the said last-

mentioned duties, and paying the fame ; and that nosuch company

who shall duly return or cause to be returned such profits to the

commifsioners for executing this act, shall be liable to be affessed

for the profits arising from the same messuages, lands, tenements,

hereditaments, or heritages, to any other duties granted by this

act; provided no such company shall be liable to be charged as

hereinafter mentioned, for such part of the profits of their trade,

manufacture, adventure, or concern, as shall be payable to any

officer of such company for his salary or wages, who shall be

duly charged to the same by the commissioners for executing

this act, in respect of offices or employments of profit .

Duty on trade XCV. And be it further enacted, That the computation of

tobe charged the duty to be charged in respect of any profession, trade, or

separately, andpartners

manufacture, or any adventure or concern, whether carried on

to be charged by any person singly , or by any one or more persons jointly,

jointly , unless shall be made exclusive of the profits or gains arising from lands,

theydeclare tenements, or hereditaments occupied byjoint partners for the

theirrespec- purpose of such profeffion, trade, or manufacture; and the com-

tive shares,

and that the

putation ofduty arising in respect of any trade or manufacture

return shall

carried on by two or more persons jointly, thall be made and

bemade by

stated jointly, and in one sum, and separately and distinctly from

the first part- rt

any other duty chargeable on the same persons, or either or any of

ner resident in

Great Britain ;

them; and that the return of the partner who shall be first

named in the deed, instrument, or other agreement of co-part-

nership (or where there shall be no such deed, instrument, or

agreement, then of the partner who shall be named singly, or

with precedence to the other partner or partners in the usual

name, style, or firm of such co-partnership, or where such prece-

dentpartner shall not be an acting partner, then of the precedent

acting partner), and who shall be resident in Great Britain, and

who is hereby required to make such return on behalf of him-

selfand the other partner or partners, whose names and residences

shall also be declared in such return, shall be sufficient authority

to

1303. ] Anno regni quadragefiuno tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 787

to charge such partners jointly: provided always, that where no or if not refi-

such partner shall be resident in Great Britain, then the state- dent, by an

ments shall be prepared and delivered by their agent, manager,

agent.

or factor, resident in Great Britain, jointly for such partners,

and such joint assessments shall be made in the partnership name,

style, firm, or description : provided also, that if the said partners

shall declare the proportions of their respective shares in such

profession or concern, in order to a separate assessment, it shall

be lawful to charge them separately and respectively, at the rate

which such proportions shall be chargeable with by virtue of this

act; but if no such declaration be made, then such affefsiment

shall be made jointly, according to the amount of the profits and

gains of such partnership : provided also, that anyjoint partner

in such profeffion or concern, which shall have been already re-

turned by such precedent partner as aforesaid, may return his

name and place of abode, and that he is such partner, without

1

returning the amount of duty payable in respect thereof , unless

the commissioners respectively shall think proper to require fur-

ther returns, in which cafe it shall be lawful for such commif-

sioners to require from every such partner the like returns, and

the like information and evidence, as they are hereby entitled

to require from the partner making the return of duty.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any per- In case of

sons engaged in any profession, trade, or manufacture in partner- change in

partnerships,

ship together, and change ( hall take place in any such partner- the duty to

ship , either by death or dissolution of partnership, as to all or be charged on

any of the partners, or by admitting any other partner therein, the profits of

before the time of making the affefsment , or within the period thebusiness

for which the assessment ought to be made under this act, or if antecedent to

the change.

1

any person shall have succeeded to any profession, trade, or manufacture, or any adventure or concern within such respective

periods as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective

commissioners, and they, and also the party or parties interested,

and every officer acting in the execution of this act, shall com-

pute and ascertain the duty payable in respect of such partnership,

or any of such partners, or any person succeeding to such pro-

session, trade , or manufacture, or adventure or concern, accord-

ing to the profits and gains of such business, derived during the

respective periods herein mentioned, notwithstanding such change

1

therein , or succession to such business as aforesaid, unless such

partners or partner, or such person succeeding to such , business

as aforesaid, shall prove to the satisfaction of the said respective

- commissioners that the profits and gains of such business have

fallen short, or will fall short, from some specifick cause to be

alleged to them since such change or succession took place, or by

reason thereof .

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the duty to be Possessions in

assessed by virtue of this act, in respect of the profits or gains Ireland, how

arising from possessions or securities in Ireland , or in the British to be affessed.

plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's domi-

nions out of Great Britain, upon any person resident in Great

3E2 Britain

788 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

Britain as aforesaid, may be stated to and assessed by the respec-

tive additional commissioners acting for the respective places

where the persons receiving or entitled unto the same shall

reside , under the regulations hereinafter mentioned ; and if the

same shall be received by any agent, attorney, or factor, such

agent, attorney, or factor, shall make such return of the name

and place of abode of the person entitled thereto, as is herein

required to be made of other persons of full age resident in Great

Britain, or if not of full age, shall be answerable for doing all

acts , matters, and things, as shall be required by this act to be

done, in order to the assessing such profits to the said last-mentioned duties, and paying the fame.

1

1

Persons hold-

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

ingoffices in

Ireland , or

the respective persons holding offices in Ireland , or serving in

serving inpar- parliament, who shall or may be exempted from any duties

liament, to be under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of

chargeable as taxes, shall , under the like circumstances under which such ex-

subjects resid-

ing out of emptions are to be claimed, be chargeable to the duties under

Great Britain, this act only, in like manner as subjects of his Majesty residing

out of Great Britain.

Duties on pro- XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the duty to be

fits of foreign afsessed by virtue of this act, in respect of the profits or gains

possessions ,

where tobe

arising from foreign possessions or foreign securities, may be

charged.

stated to and affefsed by the respective commissioners acting for

the respective places hereinafter mentioned, (videlicet) London,

Bristol , Liverpool, and Glasgow, according to the regulations

hereinafter mentioned, as if such duty had been assesled upon

the profits or gains arising from trade or manufacture carried on

in such places respectively, and such duty shall be stated to and

affessed and charged by the commissioners acting for such of the

said places at or nearest to which such property shall have been

first imported into Great Britain, or at or nearest to which the

person who shall have received such remittances, money, or

value from thence, and arising from property not imported as

aforesaid , shall reside ; and in default of the owner or proprietor

thereof being charged, the trustee, agent, or receiver of such

profits or gains, shall be charged for the fame, and shall be

answerable for the doing all such acts, matters, and things, as

shall be required by this act to be done, in order to the affeffing

such profits to the duties granted by this act, and paying the

fame, whether the person or persons to whom the said profits

belong shall be resident in Great Britain or not.

Thegovernor C. And be it further enacted, That the governor and com-

and company pany of the bank of England , in respect of the annuities payable

of the

&c . thallmake to the said company at the receipt of the exchequer, commonly

statement

called Bank Stock, the directors of the united company ofmer-

arising from conimerce,

chants of England trading to the East Indies, in respect of the

and shall be

annuities payable to the said company at the said receipt, com-

charged by ... monly called East India Stock , and the governors and directors of

commissioners the company of merchants trading to the South Seas, in respect

acting for the of the annuities payable to the said company at the said receipt, commonly

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 122 . 789

commonly called South Sea Stock, shall respectively cause state- city of Lon

ments to be made on the amount of the said respective annuities, don.

as arising from the trade and commerce carried on by such

companies respectively; but nevertheless, separate and distinct

from the amounts of any other annual profits and gains in respect of the trade and commerce of such companies respectively,

and small respectively be charged for the fame by the commif-

fioners acting as aforesaid for the city of London, in one affeff-

ment, by one sum, at the rate herein-before prescribed, on the

whole of the dividends received by the said respective companies,

without abatement or deduction ; and the proper officer or per-

fon employed in the payment of dividends on such annuities, is

hereby authorised to retain and deduct out of such dividends a

proportionate part in respect of the duty so assessed ; and such

officer and person aforesaid, and all others employed on behalf

of the said companies, and the governors and directors thereof

respectively, is and are hereby indemnified for such deductions ;

and the persons demanding such dividends, are hereby required

to allow such deductions on the receipt of the residue of such

dividends, and shall give acquittances for the fame, as if the

whole of the said dividends had been paid to them respectively.

CI. And be it further enacted, That the profits arising from Charging pro-

fits arising

any canals, inland navigations or streams of water, or from any from canals

docks, or water- works of a publick nature, and belonging to any as profits of

company of proprietors, whether corporate or not corporate, trade.

shall be stated in one account to and charged by the commif-

sioners for executing this act, acting for the city, town, or place

at or nearest to the place where the general accounts shall have

been usually made up, and not elsewhere, as profits arising from

trade, according to the regulations herein prescribed for affeffing

the profits arising from trade.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all mines of coal , tin, Mines, & c. to

be charged

lead , copper, mundic, iron, and other mines, all iron mills, according to

furnaces, and other iron-works, and other mills and engines of 3d cafe in

the like nature, and all falt-springs and falt- works, all alum schedule (D.)

mines and alum- works, all water- works, streams of water, canals,

inland navigations, and docks, carried on as a trade by the

owner or owners thereof , shall be assessed and charged to the

said duties under the rule in the third case, in the schedule

marked ( D) ; and where any such property shall be let in any

other manner than at a certain annual rent , the duty in respect

of the property shall be charged and assessed in the like manner ;

and in every case where such properties shall be let to a lessee or

lessees, tenant or tenants, whether at a rent certain or not, and

the same shall be worked and carried on as a trade, the duty

chargeable on such lessee or lessees, tenant or tenants, shall also

be charged and assessed in like mannner according to the rule in

the third cafe before mentioned.

CIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Works and

any mills, furnaces, works, engines, bridges, or ferries, shall engines let

be let in such manner, or under such terms, covenants, or con- at a certain

rentmay be

ditions, chargedac-

790 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [1803.

cording to the ditions, that the rent thereof , although certain, shall not in the

fame rule. judgement of the commissioners on occasion of such terms, co-

venants, or conditions of letting, afford a just rule for estimat-

ing the annual value thereof , it shall be lawful for the said commissioners , having received the return of the proprietor, owner,

lessor, or landlord thereof , of the amount of the annual value

thereof , estimated according to the rule in the said third cafe,

together with the grounds for such computation, and on proof

to their satisfaction that the fame cannot be justly charged on

the amount of such rent , to charge and affefs the duty in respect

of the property thereof , upon such proprietor , owner, lessor , or

landlord, according to the said rule, any thing herein- before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Profits arising CIV. And be it further enacted, That the profits arising to

from mines, the proprietors of any quarries of stone, flate , limestone, or

&c. uncertain

in their an- chalk, or from any mines of coal, tin, lead, copper , mundic,

nual value, to iron, and other mines, or from any falt-springs or falt - works, or

be chargedin from any alum -mines, or alum- works, where the same shall be

the district

where the

uncertain in the annual value thereof , or shall not be let at a

fameare fitu.

rent to be ascertained according to the rules in schedule (A)

ate as profits arising from

before mentioned; and also the profits arising to any lessees ,

renters, or tenants of the properties before described, or to any

trade .

company of adventurers therein, shall be stated to and charged

by the commissioners for executing this act, in the district

where such last- mentioned properties are situate, as profits arising

from trade according to the regulations herein prescribed for

affeffing the profits arising from trade.

Additional CV. And be it further enacted, That for the ordering,

commissioners raising , and levying the duties contained in schedule (D) , the

for levying the said additional commissioners shall, at the first meeting to be

duties schedule ( D), to held under this act , or at a meeting to be appointed for that

summon aflef- purpose, or any two of them present at such meeting, direct

fors. their precept or precepts to such person and persons as the com-

miflioners for the purposes of this act shall have appointed assessors

or assessorss for the execution of this act, or in case no such appointment shall have been made, then to the assessors or assessors

for the land- tax, the duties on houses and windows, or any other

duties charged by affessment in their respective districas , requir-

ing them to appear before the said additional commissioners at such

time and place as they shall appoint, and shall at such their ap-

To administer pearance administer to them the oath required to be taken by

oath to them, this act, and issue to them their warrants of appointments as

and to instruct

them with re- assessorss in the execution of this act, signed by two or more of the

spect to the commifsioners for the purposes of this act, and such instructions

affessment of

the duties.

duly filled up as shall be necessary for carrying this act into

execution.

Afsessors to

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the assessors to be ap-

fix general

pointed to execute this act shall, within the time and in the

notices on

church doors, manner directed by the precept of the additional commissioners

&c. requiring under this act, cause general notices to be affixed on the door

persons to of the church or chapel, and market-house or cross (if any) of

the

4

F

1

5

5

1

1

1

1

1

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 791

the city , town, parish , or place, for which such assessors act, and deliver lists

if such city , town, parish, or place, shall not have a church or withintwenty onedays .

chapel , or market- house or cross, then on the nearest church or

chapel to such city, town, parish, or place, requiring all persons

who are by this act required to make out and deliver any list ,

declaration, or statement , to make out and deliver to the respec-

tive commissioners , or to their clerk at their respective offices, to

be described in such notice, all such lifts, declarations, and state-

ments accordingly , within such time as shall be limited by such

precept, and which shall not in any case be later than twenty-

one days from the date of such precept ; and such general notices General no.

thall, when the same shall be made as aforesaid, be deemed suf- tice to be

ficient notice to all persons resident in such city, town, parish, ficient ;

deemed fuf-

or place, and the affixing the fame in manner aforesaid shall be

deemed good service of such notice; and the said respective

assessorss shall cause the said notices to be from time to time re-

placed (if necessary) for the space of ten days before the time

required for the delivery of such lifts, declarations , and state-

ments as aforesaid ; and every person wilfully tearing, defacing, and persons

or

obliterating any such notice so affixed , during the said space defacing the

fame , to for-

often days, shall forfeit for every such offence anysum not ex- feit any fum

ceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be not exceeding

recovered under the said recited acts respectively. 201 .

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Assessor to

deliver notices

said assessorss small, within the like time after receiving the pre- at the houses

cept of the commissioners under this act, give notice to every of persons

householder, or occupier of any apartment where the dwelling- chargeable,

house shall be let in different apartments, and to every lodger, who are to

inmate, or other person chargeable to the said duties, and refid- deliver state-

ments to ad-

ing within the limits of the said places where such assessors shall act, ditional com-

or leave the same at his or her dwelling-house or place ofrefidence, missioners .

requiring every such person to prepare and deliver to the respecс-

tive additional commissioners, or to their clerk at their respective

offices , to be described in such notices , all such lifts, declarations,

and statements, as they are respectively required to do by this

act , within such time as shall be limited by such precept within

the period before mentioned ; and if any person residing within Persons neg-

any parish or place at the time such general notice as aforesaid lecting to de-

lifts , &c.

shall be given, or to whom such notice shall be personally to be fum-

given, or at whose dwelling-house or place of residence the same moned by

shall he left, shall refuse or neglect to make out such lifts, decla- additional

rations, or statements , as may be applicable to such person, and commissioners for making

as the cafe may require, and deliver the same to the additional default, that

commissioners appointed for the said duties, or at their office, of the penalty

which notice shall have been given as aforesaid, within the time maybe levied.

limited in such notice , then such additional commissioners shall

forthwith issue a summons under their hands, or the hands of

any two or more of them, to all such persons making default as

aforesaid, in order that the penalty for such refusal or neglect

may be duly levied.

CVIII. And

792 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [1803 .

Persons to de- CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person when

liver in lists

of the names

required so to do by any notice given in pursuance of this act,

oflodgers and shall, within the period to be mentioned in such notice , prepare

inmates (ex- and deliver to the assessor or assessors of the parish or place where

cept servants such person shall reside, a list , in writing, containing to the best

not havingany of his or her belief , the proper name and names of every lodger,

chargeable.) inmate , and other person being of full age (except of his or her

Also adecla . servants, not having to the best of his or her belief any pro-

ration whe- perty or profits chargeable by virtue of this act to the said

ther the partylast- mentioned duties), which list shall be signed by the party

intends to be delivering the fame, and thall at the same time also deliver to the

charged to duties in

said assessors or assessorss, a declaration, stating in what manner

schedule ( D) he or she intends to be charged to the said duties contained in

by the com- schedule ( D) , and whether by the commissioners appointed as

missioners or aforesaid, or by reference as hereinafter mentioned; which lifts

by reference. shall severally be made out in such form as shall be directed under

Persons acting the authority of this act.

for others ex-

ceptbankers CIX. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall

to deliver in be in the receipt of any money or value, or the profits or gains

lifts, in order arising from any of the sources mentioned in schedule (D. )

to the duty

chargeable by this act, on or belonging to any other person or

beingduly charged .

persons, in whatever character the same shall be received ( except

bankers , or persons acting as such , as aforesaid) being required

so to do in manner before mentioned, shall within the like period

prepare and deliver to the aflessor or assessors of the parish, ward,

or place, where he or she shall reside , and to whom the same

ought to be delivered, a list in writing in such form as aforesaid,

signed by him, or her, containing the name, and names, and

places of abode, of each and every person to whom any such

property shall belong, together with a declaration whether such

person is of full age, or a married woman living with her huf-

band, or resident in Great Britain , or an infant , idiot, lunatic, or

insane person, or a married woman, for whose payment of the

duty hereby charged on her the husband is not accountable by

this act, in order that such person, according to a statement to

be delivered as herein mentioned, may be charged either in the

name of the person delivering such lift, if the same shall be so

chargeable, or in the name of the person or persons to whom

Joint trustees

such property shall belong, if of full age, and resident in Great

to deliver lifts Britain, and the same be so chargeable by this act ; and every

of the names person acting in such character jointly with any other person or

andrefidence persons, shall deliver a list of the name or names, and place or

joinedwith

of the persons places of abode of the person or persons joined with him or her

them , at the time of delivering such list , and to the same persons to

whom such list shall be delivered.

CX. And whereasfeveralpersons exercising professions or trades ,

or possessing property chargeable to the duties mentioned in Schedule

( D.) and certain trading or commercial corporations, companies, or

Societies , chargeable to the said duties, may be desirous of contributing

theirfullshare to thesupplies hereby granted in respect thereof , with-

out the investigation of their means, under the powers given to commissioners and others by virtue of his aft , as hereinafter mentioned; and

3

1

3

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 122. 793

and it is expedient to enablefuch persons, eitherfor themselves, or on Contributions

behalf ofothers exercising the like professions or trades , or possessing the to be ascertainedbyre-

like property , for whom they oft in any of the characters before de- ference, may

Scribed, and also such corporations, companies, orfocieties, to pay their be received

contributions, in the manner most convenient to themselves; be it under certain

further enacted , That it shall be lawful for any such person or regulations

instead of af-

persons, either on his, her, or their own account, or on the feffments

account of others as aforesaid, or on the account of such corpo- under the

rations, companies, or societies, within the time hereinafter powers of the

limited for making returns of the said duty payable by them or

act.

for which they are accountable, in lieu of such returns, to deliver Parties to

to the commissioners for the purposes of this act, or to their deliver decla.

rations that

clerk at their office, a declaration in writing, signed by him, her, they mean to

or them respectively, to the effect after mentioned; and every be assessed by

person delivering such declaration, and pursuing the regulations reference .

of his act , and paying the contributions fixed and ascertained Uponpayment

of their con-

according to such regulations, without fraud, shall be wholly tributionto

discharged from any further assessment , on account of the duties be discharged

contained in the said last - mentioned schedule under this act, for from any fur-

the year in which such contribution shall be made.

ther affefsment

CXI. And be it further enacted, That every such declaration for the year .

shall contain the place of abode of the party whose signature shall Form of

déclaration ,

be subscribed thereto, and also the name and place of abode of to be made

every other person or persons aforesaid, on whose account such on proposing

declaration shall be delivered, and the character in which he, referees to

fhe , or ascertain the

they act for such other person or persons, or the descrip- contribution.

tion of the corporation, company , or society, for whom he, she,

or they act, and also the particular profeffion, trade, employ-

ment, or vocation (if any) exercised, or carried on by him, her,

or them, and the place and places of exercising or carrying on

the fame, without specifying any fum or amount of his, her, or

their profits or gains arising therefrom ; and also any other

source or fources from which any profits or gains, however

arising, are chargeable as aforesaid, within the intent and mean-

ing of this act, as falling within any of the rules or cafes contained in the schedule, marked (D. ) to this act annexed, without

specifying the amount thereof , and shall in such declaration

name two reputable persons to be his, her, or their referees Two referees

( regard being had to the condition of the party proposing such to be named

reference, and the source and fources from which their profits to by the party.

be charged are derived) for fettling and ascertaining the sums

which such person or persons ought to contribute in satisfaction

and discharge of the said duties by this act imposed as last aforesaid, and who are willing to accept such reference, and such de-

claration shall be made in such form as shall be directed under

the authority of this act, with a proper intimation of the respec-

tive places of abode of such referees .

CXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the receipt ofManner of

any such declarations, the said commissioners for the purposes of appointing referees, and

this act, shall appoint meetings for taking the same into con of their pro-

sideration, and it shall be competent to them, or the major part ceedings in

of the reference

794 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

in order to an of them then present , by their order in writing under the hands

affefsment. of any two or more of them , delivered to the party applying for

Commission- such reference, to approve or to reject, without assigning any

ers may reject

referees, in

cause, either or both of the persons proposed as such referees, in

which cafe

either of which last cafes the party who shall have proposed such

another shall referees shall be obliged to name another referee or referees, in

be appointed place of the person or persons rejected, within a time to be fixed

and, in

bythe party , by such commissioners ; and unless a referee or referees as afore-

fault , the said shall be named, who shall be accepted by the said commif-

commissioners fioners, who shall have in such case the like power of rejection as

to appoint.

on the first nomination, it shall be lawful for such commissioners,

and they are hereby required, to name any one or two persons,

being not revenue officers, nor persons carrying on the fame

trade or manufactures with the party applying for such re-

ference, unless approved by such party, and whom the said commissioners shall think fit to be the referees for the purposes of

fettling the amount of such contribution as aforesaid , as the cafe

Referees to

may require ; and such referees, before they shall begin to act

take the oath , therein, shall, on notice to them, appear before the said com-

or subscribe

the affirmation missioners, and take the oath, or subscribe the affirmation in the

in schedule

schedule to this act annexed , applicable to such case; and such

( F.)

referees, being accepted or appointed as aforesaid , and having

taken the said oath or subscribed the said affirmation as aforesaid ,

shall and are hereby authorised to execute this act according to

the powers vested in such referees, and shall proceed with dili-

gence in the reference entrusted to them, and the party to such

reference shall attend them at such times and place as they shall

Referees to

appoint, and such referees shall take an account of the annual

take an account of the

profits and gains of the party to such reference, or which he, she ,

annual profits

or they, shall be accountable for in any of the characters before

and gains of

described, and which might be charged under this act as last

party and

aforesaid ; and in taking such account, shall allow no other de-

not to allow

ductions than such as are allowed by this act ; and if such referees

any deduc- tions but such

hall upon such inquiry be satisfied that no fraud or concealment

as are allowed

hath been practised or used in rendering such account, and that

by the act.

to the best of their belief andjudgement a full, true, and faithful

account hath been rendered according to this act, and shall agree

Tin the fum to be fixed for such contribution as aforesaid for one

year, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby required

to make out a certificate thereof under their hands, stating the

order of the said commissioners under their proper description ,

and the amount of the sum so settled and ascertained for such

contribution, with the name and place of abode of the party in

the reference, which certificate shall be made in such form as

Referees to

deliver a

certificate of

thecontribu.

tion tobe

paid by the

partywithin

ten days.shall be directed under the authority of this act ; and they shall

cause the same to be delivered to the said commissioners, or at

their office, within the time limited by the said commissioners in

their said order, such time not in any cafe being later than ten

days after the date of such order, unless further time shall be

given for that purpose as hereinafter mentioned; and upon the

receipt of such certificate , the said commissioners shall make an affefsment

803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122 . 795

Teffment on the party in such reference in the amount of the Commission-

um so certified, which assessment shall have the like force and ers to make an

assessment

fet as if the amount thereof had been ascertained by the said from such

ommissioners under the powers contained in this act, and the certificate.

ke certificate of such affessment under a number or letter as

ereinafter is directed , shall be delivered to the party in such

eference by the said commissioners , in order that the sum in

The said afssessment may be paid within the times and in the man-

er directed by this act, in other cases of afsessment by such com- Assessment

missioners ; and the said assessment shall oblige the party in such maybe paid

eference, and shall be an authority to him, her, or them, on into the Bank,

production of the certificate thereof , to pay into the bank of or to the

receiver-gene-

England, or to the receiver-general , or his deputy appointed by ral, or to the

his act , or to the collector or collectors of the place, the amount collector.

of the fum contained in such certificate, either in advance under

uch terms as are hereinafter allowed in other cases of payment Persons pay-

ing their in-

ofmoney in advance, or by instalments, in the like manner and stalments in

at such times as are hereinafter fixed for the payment of the advance into

aid duties, which shall be assessed by commissioners by virtue of the Bank, or

the powers hereinafter contained; provided that where such to the re-

ceiver-gene-

money small be paid in advance , in order to the receiving any ral, will be

discount as hereinafter mentioned, the same shall be paid either entitled to a

into the bank of England, or to the receiver-general, or to such discount.

deputy receiver as aforesaid.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such referees Where refe-

shall not agree in the sum to be contributed, and the party in rees cannot

such reference shall be desirous of having a third referee to act agree, athird

maybe ap-

with the others before appointed, it shall be lawful for the said pointed .

commissioners to appoint any person, named by such referees,

or, at the election of the said commissioners, may themselves

appoint a third referee, who shall take the oath or affirmation

herein-before directed, not being a revenue officer nor a person

carrying on the fame trade or manufacture with the party apply- Determina-

ing for such reference ; and the determination of any two of them tion of two

referees to be

shall be binding, as well on the party to the reference, as on the binding.

said commissioners on the part of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the referees shall Further time

require further time to make their determination on the matter may be

of such reference, and shall give to the commissioners a sufficient referees to

given to the

reason why a settlement of the sum to be contributed cannot be make their

made within the time limited, the said commissioners being determination

satisfied therewith, shall give further time, and so from time to

onsufficient

time for making their determination thereupon, and the party in

cause.

such reference shall not be liable to an affefsment within the time

so allowed ; provided the time so extended mall not, on each

application, exceed one week, nor in the whole, the period of

fixweeks.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be Referees to

capable of being appointed such referee, except a householderbe house-

holders and

residing within the limits of the district where the commissioners, not interested,

by and not tobe

796 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

referees for by whom he shall be appointed shall act, or within ten miles of

each other.

the limits of such district, whose name and place ofresidence shall

be returned to the said commissioners ; nor shall any person be

appointed a referee for any other person, for whom he himself

has been appointed a referee, or who shall be in any way in-

terested in the matter of such reference, or concerned for such

party as an agent, factor , or servant, or in partnership with such

party in any trade, adventure, or concern, for which they may

be chargeable before other commissioners, nor of kin or con-

sanguinity with such party nearer than cousin german, unless

with the consent of the commissioners, on consideration of the

connection subsisting between the party and the person proposed

a referee.

The contri.

bution settled

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every contribution

tobe adif-

so settled and ascertained, shall, on payment thereof , be a full

charge to the

discharge of the duties hereby granted for the year current, at

party for the

year's affeff-

the time of the settlement, against his Majesty, his heirs and

successors .

ment.

On the op-

CXVII. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That in

tion of the

cafe the said party in the reference shall be desirous of paying the

party to pay

whole amount of his or her contribution as aforesaid, into the

thecontribu- tionby one payment into

bank of England , by one payment in advance without assessment,

it shall be lawful for such referees, by their certificate in writing,

the Bank

specifying that they have investigated the account submitted to

without af-

them, and no fraud or concealment in rendering such account

sessment, a hath, in their opinion, been practised by the party in such re-

third referee

maybe added, ference, and that they have agreed in the fum to be contributed

in which cafe, as aforesaid, to apply , at the request of such party , to the said

if all the re-

commissioners to appoint a third referee, whom the said commif-

ferees agree

in the fum,

fioners, in case they shall be satisfied uponsuch certificate that no

no affefsment

fraud or concealment hath been practised, are hereby empowered

tobe made.

by their order in writing to appoint ; and who being fo appointed shall, upon notice of such appointment, and before he

thall begin to act therein, appear before the said commissioners,

and before them take and subscribe the oath or solemn affirmation

herein directed to be taken by such referee under this act; and

thethird referee so appointed, together with both the other re-

ferees, or together with such party, shall pay in advance, subject

to such terms as are herein allowed in other cafes of payment of

money in advance, the whole sum so settled as the contribution

of such party, into the bank of England , within the time limited

by the said commissioners, which they are hereby authorised to

fix according to the circumstances of each cafe, not in any cafe

being later than one week from the time of such last-mentioned

Referees to

appointment, unless the said commissioners shall, for special cause

assigned, give further time for so doing, such further time not in

deliver the certificate of

any case exceeding fourteen days , and it shall be lawful for the

the cashier

said three referees, and they are hereby required, to cause to be

of the Bank to

delivered to the said commissioners, or at their office , within the

the commif- fioners, who

period limited as aforesaid, the certificate of the cashier or cashiers

at the said bank of England as hereinafter next mentioned , and

are to cause the

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 797

the said commissioners shall upon receipt thereof cause an entry to be entered

thereof to be made in their books of assessment, without requiring in their affeff-

the amount of such contribution, and without making any af ments that the

partyhas been

sessment , which entry shall contain the fame number or letter a contributor

with the order of reference, and the name and place of abode of by reference,

the party in the reference, describing such party as " A contri- whosecontri-

burion has

butor by reference whose contribution has been discharged, " and been dif-

which payment and entry thereupon shall be a discharge to the charged

party in such reference, for all duties submitted to the settlement without re-

and determination of such referees, for the year current at the quiring the

time of making the fame .

amount.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every such cafe Manner of

where a third referee shall be appointed for the purposes last paying the

aforesaid, the clerk to the said commissioners shall deliver to the into the

contribution

referees, or one of them so appointed, a cheque numbered or let- Bank where

tered with the same number or letter as the order of reference, no assessment

1

made in such form as the said commissioners shall devise, and is made.

signed by such clerk, and countersigned by them , or any one of

them, or any person or persons appointed by them for that purpose , authorising the cashier or cashiers to receive from the re-

ferees mentioned therein, any fun of money which shall be in.

dorsed thereon under the hands ofall the said referees ; and the

said cashier or cashiers shall , on production of such cheque, in-

dorsed as aforesaid, receive such sum, and make the like allow-

ances as are hereinafter directed to be made on payment of fums

assessed in advance, and shall place the same to the account of the

said commissioners named in such cheque, under the letter or

number contained therein; and every such payment shall be on payment

deemed to be on account of the duties referable as aforesaid ; thereof the

and the said cashier or cashiers shall give two certificates to the the Bank to

person paying such sum under the letter or number contained in give two

such cheque, one thereof to be in general terms without men- certificates .

tioning the name or names of any person named therein, and

without mentioning any particular sum to have been received,

certifying that the sum indorsed on the cheque of the said commissioners, numbered or lettered as aforesaid, hath been paid to

such cashier or cashiers in full, according to the tenor of such

indorsement ; and the other thereof in such terms as the said Certificate

cashier or cashiers hall think fit , acknowledging the receipt of under a letter

or number to

such sum so paid , which first -mentioned certificate shall be deli- be deliveredto

vered to the said commissioners, or at their office to their clerk, commissioners

taking his receipt for the same ; which first-mentioned certificate , in discharge of

under a letter or number as aforesaid, being delivered to the said the affessment.

commissioners or to their clerk as aforesaid , shall be a sufficient

discharge for the amount of one year's affefsment, current at the

time of delivering the same to the party in such reference, his

executors and administrators .

CXIX . And be it further enacted, That unless the commif- No settlement

fioners by whom such reference has been allowed, shall, within being made by

the referees

the time or times to be by them fixed as aforesaid, receive from within the

the referees so appointed a certificate of their agreement to the time limited,

fum the commil-

798 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .1 .

fioners to pro- fum to be contributed by the party in such reference, they shall

ceed to afless . proceed to execute this act as ifnosuch referencehad been made.

How to pro- CXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

ceed ifthe

Certificate of unless in cases where such third referee shall be appointed for the

the Bank be purposes last aforesaid, the commissioners by whom such third

not received, referee shall be appointed, shall, within the period limited as

whenathird aforesaid , receive from such third referee so appointed the certi-

100referee has

beenappoint- ficate of the cashier or cashiers at the said bank of England as

ed.

aforesaid , they shall proceed to execute this act as if no such re-

The election ference or appointment had been made as aforesaid .

tobe charged CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

byreference , nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to extend to

not to excuse

thepartyfrom prevent or excuse any person who shall have made such election

returning cer- as aforesaid, from returning any list of the name of any person or

tainparticu- persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, fraternities, fellow-

lars required ships, companies, or societies , for whom such person shall act in

bytheact . any of the characters before described ; but every such person

shall be obliged to return such lifts of all others for whom he or

she shall so act as are herein required, in order that they may be

rendered chargeable to the said duties as if no such election was

made.

Allowance to

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

referees appointedbythe

the respective commissioners in any of the cases before mentioned,

wherein referees have been nominated and appointed by them,

commif- fioners, tobe and who shall have accepted such references, and proceeded

certified to the therein with effect, to settle the allowance which shall be made

taxoffice .

to them for their care and trouble in carrying such references

into effect, and to transmit a certificate thereof to the officer for

taxes ; and the commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall direct

the proper receiver-general to pay the same, provided the allow-

ance to each referee shall not exceed the rate of three-pence in

the pound on the amount of the sum assessed, where such sum

shall have been declared ; and where the sum shall not be de-

clared, the allowance to each referee so appointed shall be at the

discretion of the respective commissioners for the purposes of

this act, regard being had to the condition of the party in such

reference, as well as of such referees .

In default of

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the party to

proceeding on such reference shall object to the referees or referee named bythe

the

the reference , said commissioners in any case before mentioned, or in cafe after

oners to affess, entering into such reference the same shall not be effected according to the regulations of this act, whether on account of the

said referees or either of them declining to act, or on account of

the party refusing to proceed therein within the time or times

fixed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective commissioners, and they are hereby required to proceed to assess such

party as if no such application had been made, pursuing in such

cafe the regulations hereinafter expressed ; and in case the third

referee shall not pay or cause to be paid the sums so to be contributed within the period allowed as aforesaid, it shall also be

lawful for the said commissioners to require such third referee to deliver

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 799

deliver to them a certificate under his hand, of the amount of

the sum so settled , and in case they shall be satisfied therewith, it

shall be lawful for them to make an assessment thereon ; and if

they shall not be satisfied therewith, they shall then proceed to

affess such party under the regulations of this act ; provided, that Referees

in case the two referees, or either of them who shall have been dying or de-

nominated and appointed by the said commissioners, shall die or clining to act,

others to be

decline to act , or from any cause shall become unable to proceed appointed .

in such reference with effect, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to nominate and appoint another referee or referees,

according to the regulations of his act, as on the first nomina-

tion or appointment of referees: provided also, that in cafe the

referees, or either of them, appointed by the party shall die or

otherwise become unable to proceed on such reference with effect,

it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby

= required, to appoint another referee or referees in manner aforesaid. Commission-

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to pro- referees.

ers may be

hibit the commissioners from appointing referees from and

amongst themselves, so as not to impede or delay the commif-

fioners in the performance of their duty in the execution of this

act as commissioners .

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That every person, not Statements to

having made his or her election to be charged by referees to be be deliveredof

the amount of

named as aforesaid , and carried the said reference into effect, duty charge-

shall, when required so to do by any notice given in pursuance able, by sche-

of this act, within the period to be mentioned in such notice as dule (D) with

aforesaid, prep prepare and deliver to the person or persons appointed of the manner

adeclaration

to receive the fame, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, ofeftimating.

a statement in writing , to be made out in such form as before

directed, signed by him or her, of such fum or fums as he or the

is willing to pay, not less than the amount of the duty charge-

able upon him or her, either on his or her own account, or on

the account of any other person or persons for whom he or she

shall act in any of the characters before described, computed on

the amount of the profits or gains arising to such person or persons respectively, from all and every of the fources charged by

this act, according to the said schedule marked (D.) which

profits or gains shall be estimated for the period , and according

to the respective rules contained in the said schedule ; to which Such state-

statement shall be added a declaration that the same is estimated ments to be

made exclu-

onallthe fources contained in the said schedule chargeable byfive ofprofits

this act, describing the fame , and shall be made exclusive ofor gains

profits or gains of any property, or any office or employment of otherwise

profit, otherwise charged by virtue of this act, and also exclusive chargedunder

of the profits and gains arising from interest of money arising

this act.out of the property of any other person or persons for which

such other person or persons ought to be charged by virtue of

this act ; provided, that in every such return where the party Duties con.

shall be liable unto or shall be answerable for the duties contained in

tained Ichedule (C)

800 tobe stated separately. Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

tained in the schedule marked (C. ) it shall be lawful for him,

her, or them, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required ,

in a separate statement to be made out as aforesaid, to deliver an

account of the amount of duty wherewith he, she, or they ought

to be charged by virtue of the said schedule.

Trustees of

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person who

incapacitated shall act in any character as aforesaid for any other person or

persons to persons, who, by reason of any such incapacity as aforesaid, cannot

deliver state-

ments.

be charged by virtue of this act, and not being to be charged by

virtue of such reference on account of such other person or per-

fons, shall also, within the like period, deliver to the person or

persons appointed to receive the fame under this act, and to

whom the fame ought to be delivered, a statement in writing

signed by him , her, or them, and to be made in such form as

before directed, of the amount ofduty to be charged on him,

her, or them, on account of such other person or persons esti-

mated during the period, and according to the rules contained

in the said schedule, together with such declaration of the man-

ner of estimating the same as aforesaid : provided always, that

where two or more such persons shall be liable to be charged for

the same person or persons, one statement only shall be required,

and such statement shall be delivered by them jointly, or by one

or more of them on behalf of him, her, or themselves, and the

Onestatement

rest of the persons so liable; and it shall be lawful for them, or

only tobe required of

any of them, to give notice in writing to the additional commif-

fioners acting in each district where they or any of them shall be

jointtrustees.

called upon for such statement, in what parish or place, or pa-

rithes or places, they are respectively chargeable by this act, on

their, or his , or her own account, and in which of the said parishes or places they are desirous of being fo charged on the

behalf of such other person or persons for whom they so act in

Ifmore than any of the characters before mentioned, and they shall be affefssed

one affeffionent accordingly by one assessment in such parish or place, provided

ismade on any one of such persons shall be liable to be charged on his or

trustees for the her own account in such parish or place ; and if more than one

fameproperty , affeffiment shall be made on such persons, or any of them, on the

they may relieved by same account, they and every of them shall be relieved from such

application to double assessment by like applications to the commissioners, as

the commif-

fioners .

are allowed in other cafes by this act.

Officers of

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such of-

corporations ficer before described of any corporation, fraternity, fellowship,

tobe charged company, or society, not otherwise to be charged as aforesaid,

for them, and shall also within the like period prepare and deliver in like man-

estimates to ner, a statement of the duty payable by such corporation, frater-

bemade be-

fore dividends nity, fellowship, company, or society, computed according to

paid . the directions of this act, together with such declaration of the

manner of estimating the same as aforesaid ; and such estimate

shall be made on the amount of the annual profits, and gains of

such corporation, fraternity, fellowship, company, or society,

before any dividend shall have been made thereof to any other

person or persons, or publick bodies having any thare, right, orGT

title ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122 . 801

title, in or to such profits or gains, and all such other person or Statements

persons and publick bodies shall allow out of such dividends a not to include

the salaries or

proportionate deduction in respect of the duty so charged; pro - profits of the

vided that nothing herein- before contained shall be construed to officers of

require in such statement the inclusion of salaries, wages, or corporations

profits of any officer of such corporation, fraternity, fellowship, otherwise

company, or society, otherwise chargeable under this act . chargeable.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person Persons neg-

who ought by this act to deliver any lift , declaration, or state- lecting to

deliver lifts to

1

ment as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do within the time forfeit 50% .

limited in such notice, every such person shall forfeit and pay

any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered as any

penalty may be recovered, by the said recited acts respectively; Prosecution

but nevertheless subject to fuc such stay of prosecution by a fub- for thepenalty

sequent delivery of such lift, declaration , or statement , in the may be stayed

cafes following, (videlicet) if any trustée, agent, or receiver, or cafes with

other person, hereby required to deliver such list , declaration, or respect to

statement, on behalf of any other person or persons, shall de- statements to

liver an imperfect lift, declaration, or statement, declaring him be delivered

or herself unable to give a more perfect lift, declaration, or &c.

by trustees,

statement, with the reasons for such inability, and the said com- Statements to

missioners thall be satisfied therewith, the said trustee, agent, or include the

receiver, or other person as aforesaid, shall not be liable to such whole of the

penalty in case the commissioners shall grant further time for chargeunder

the delivery thereof; and such trustee, agent, receiver, or other schedule ( D.)

and may also

person, shall, within the time so granted, deliver a lift, declaration, include the

or schedule, as perfect as the nature of the case will enable him chargeunder

or her to prepare and deliver. schedule (C.)

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such state- Duties to be

ment shall include the whole of the charge to be made in respect charged in one

of the said last -mentioned duties, on the person or persons deli- division, ex-

ceptwhere the

vering the fame, on his or their own account, or on account of same person is

any other person or persons ; and may also include therein the engaged in

amount to be charged on such persons in respect of the duties different con-

contained in schedule (C.), and every person shall be chargeable arden

cerns in trade

in respect of the whole of suchduties in one and the samedivision, places .

and by the fame commissioners (except in cafes where the fame

person or persons thall be engaged in different concerns relating

to trade or manufacture in divers places, in each of which cases

one affefsment may be made in respect of each concern as the

cafe may require) ; but nevertheless, at the rate prescribed by

this act, without abatement, except in cafes where an abatement

shall be allowed according to this act; and every such statement

on the behalf of any other person or persons, for which such

person or persons shall be chargeable as acting in any of the

characters before described, or on the behalf of any corporation,

fellowship, fraternity , company, or society , shall include the

duty arising from all and every source and fources chargeable as

last aforesaid ; and every statement on the behalf of any corpo. Statementsion

ration, or company engaged in trade, or in any adventure, or

concern of a

to

persons to

publicnature as aforesaid, shall also include therein include the

VOL. XLIV. 3Ftheduty arising

802 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [ 1803. 1

from all the the profits and gains arising from houses, lands, tenements,

fources

chargeable.

hereditaments, or heritages occupied by such corporation of

company, on their joint account, for the purposes of such trade ,

Statements

adventure, or concern ; and every such statement on the behalf

on behalf of corporations or companies

of any other person or persons, shall be delivered in the fame C

division where such person or persons shall be chargeable on his ,

intrade to

her, or their own account ; and such other person or persons th

include the

shall be charged by the same commissioners by whom the person

profits of

or persons delivering such statement is or are chargeable, excepted

houses, lands, where different persons chargeable on their own account in

on the jupied different districts shall be joined, and shall act together in any of

on joint

account.

the said characters ; in which case one afsessment shall be made

Where such statements

in respect of such trust property in one of the said districts only,

shall be deli-

as herein-before is directed, and the different persons acting to-

vered .

gether in such character as aforesaid shall or may be charged

on their own account in other districts, and as the cafe may

require.

Inwhatdif-

tricts the du-

ties are to be

charged.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That every person being

a householder, except persons engaged in trade or manufacture ,

shall be charged to the said last - mentioned duties by commilli.

oners acting for the parish or place where his or her dwelling-

house shall be situate; and every person engaged in trade or

manufacture shall be chargeable by the respective commissioners

acting for the parish or place where such trade or manufacture

shall be carried on ; and every person not being a householder ,

nor engaged in trade or manufacture, who shall have any place

of ordinary residence, shall be charged by the commissioners

acting for the parish or place where he or she shall ordinarily

reside ; and every person not herein-before described shall be

charged by the commissioners acting for the parith or place

where such persons thall reside at the time of beginning to

execute this act, by giving such general notices as are herein

mentioned; and every such charge made in such parish or place

shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding the subsequent re-

Declaration moval of the person so charged from the parish or place ; and in

to be delivered of theplace order that the place where the said last -mentioned duties are to

in which the be charged may be ascertained, every person is hereby required ,

party is on the delivery of any list or statement as aforesaid, at the fame

chargeable to time to deliver a declaration in writing, signed by him or her ,

the duties, and declaring in what place he or the is chargeable, and whether he

gagedintrade, or the is engaged in trade or manufacture, or not , and if he or

and if fo,

where the

she shall be fo engaged in trade or manufacture, the place or

trade is car-

places where the fame shall be carried on, and the particular

ried on.

trade or trades in which he, she, or they thall be engaged in

In cafes of

persons not

such place. CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

engaged in

every person not being engaged in trade or manufacture, having

trade hav-

two or more houses or places at which he or she shall be ordi-

ing two refi- narily resident, (hall be charged at such of the parishes or places

dences where wherein the said dwelling-house is situate, in which he or the

the duties are

to be charged , shall be ordinarily resident at the time of beginning to execute

this

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 803

this act, in relation to the said last-mentioned duties, by giving

such general notices as are herein mentioned, or in which he or

she shall first come ordinarily to reside, after giving such general

notices .

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every person Statements

shall , if required by the respective commissioners, deliver at each to be deli-

parith or place where he or she shall reside, or carry on trade, the vered at each

place where

like lifts , declarations, and statements, as he or the is hereby re- theparty

quired to deliver in the parish or place where such person ought shall reside

to be charged, but shall not be liable to any double charge by or carry on

reason thereof; and all lifts , declarations, and statements hereby trade.

required to be made, shall or may be delivered, sealed up and Statements

superscribed with the name and place of abode of , or the place ofmay be delivered fealed

carrying on trade by, the person by whom the same shall have up to thead-

been made to the additional commissioners acting for the district ditional com-

wherein such parish or place hall be situate, or at their office as

missioners or

aforesaid, except where any lift or lifts of names is or are directed to the aslessors ,

to be delivered to assessorss : provided always, that any person

desirous of returning the same to the assessors or assessorss, shall be

at liberty so to do, observing the directions herein given for pre-

paring the fame ; and the assessors or assessorss receiving any such

lifts, declarations , or statements, shall, at such time as the additional commissioners shall appoint, deliver the same at their office .

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said assessors Assessors to

or assessorss shall make out a list, and deliver the same to the make out a

list of the per-

clerk of the said respective additional commissioners, containing fons onwhom

the names of all persons to or on whom such last-mentioned notices have

notices have been delivered or served, in pursuance of this act, to been served .

the end that the said commissioners may judge of the conduct of

such assessorss in executing this act ; and if such assessors or affef- Notices to be

fors shall have neglected to give notice to any person to whom in delivered in

the judgement of the said additional commissioners the fame cafes ofomif-

fion by the

ought to be delivered, the said additional commissioners may at assessorss , or

any time afterwards direct such notices to be delivered to or where persons

served on such persons by such asseslors respectively, and may come to reside

also from time to time direct the like notices to be delivered to or in any parish

after the expi-

served on any person or persons coming to reside in any parish or ration of the

place after the expiration of such notices. first notice.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the assessors, or Assessor to

one of them, for every parish or place, shall personally appear appear, and

before the said additional commissioners at their first meeting, or verify the

delivery of

such other meetings as such assessorss shall be appointed to attend, notices, and

and shall then and there produce to the said additional commif- the affixing

fioners alift of the names of all the persons to whom such notices of general

as last aforesaid have been delivered in pursuance of this act ; and notices.

shall also make oath or solemn affirmation before them, that the

several notices required to be delivered to householders and occu-

piers, and also to lodgers and inmates, by this act, have been

duly served, in the manner required thereby , upon all householders

and occupiers , and upon all inmates and lodgers, within the

limits of the places for which such assessors shall have been ap-

3F2pointed ,

804 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

pointed, to the best of his knowledge, and that general notices,

to the effect mentioned in this act, have been duly affixed in the

manner required by this act on such proper places within the

city, town, or place for which such assessors shall act, as by this

act is required ; and that the list delivered by him contains the

name of every person within the said limits to whom such notices

ought to be delivered, according to the directions of this act,

Penaltyof

201. for neg

lect of af-

feffor.

within the knowledge of such assessors ; and every assessor who

shall neglect to appear before such commissioners, and to make

fuck oath or affirmation , or who thall not return the name or

names of any person or persons whose name ought to be included

in any such list as by this act is required, hall forfeit for every such

offence any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered

as any penalty may be recovered under the said recited acts

respectively.

Abstract to

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the clerks to the

bemade by

said respective commissioners shall, with all convenient speed,

the clerks of

returns of

abstract the returns of statements delivered to such additional

statements

commissioners, or at their office, into books to be provided for

delivered to additional

that purpose, and according to such forms as shall be transmitted

commission-

to them from the office of taxes ; such abstracts to contain the

ers,

names of persons making such returns, arranged alphabetically

according to the wards, parishes, and places in which they shall

reside, and the several amounts ofduty returned by them respectively, to be laid before and delivered to the said additional commissioners ; and all such returns shall be numbered and filed in

the office of the said commissioners, and carefully kept so long as

the accounts of the said last- mentioned duties for such district, or

In pectors and any part thereof , shall remain unpaid to his Majesty ; to all which

surveyors may book and books any inspector or surveyor, who shall have taken

have access, and take co-

the oath herein prescribed before the commissioners acting for the

pies from the fame districts respectively , shall have free access at all seasonable

books con-

times, and shall take such copies thereof , or of such parts there-

taining such abstracts .

of , or extracts from the fame, as he shall deem necessary in order

to the due execution of this act.

Additional CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and

commissioners respective additional commissioners shall appoint meetings within

to consider

statements,

their respective districts for taking all statements then and from

and make af-

time to time to be delivered to them into consideration, within a

sesiments on

reasonable time after the inspector or surveyor shall have had the

such state-

examination of such statements ; and in case the said commissioners

ments as thall

be satisfactory respectively shall be satisfied that any such statement hath been

to them and bonâfide made according to the provisions of this act, and so as

are not object- to enable the commissioners to charge the person or persons re-

ed to by the turning the fame with the full duties with which he, she, or they

surveyor. ought to be charged on account thereof , or more, and in case no

-inforination shall be given to the said commissioners of the insuf-

ficiency thereof , or no objection shall be made thereto by the

inspector or surveyor, which he is hereby empowered to make for

sufficient cause, the said commissioners hall direct an affessment

-to be made of the duties chargeable on such statement by virtue of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 805

८

of this act ; and in every such cafe , if the commissioners think Additional

proper to require a verification of such statement, they shall direct commissioners may require

the assessors or assessors to give notice thereof to the person or the party to

persons to be charged with the said last- mentioned duties to ap- appear before

pear before them, to verify the same in the manner hereinafter them to verify

mentioned ; and every person to whom such notice shall be given the statement

shall, and he or she is hereby required, to appear before the said upon oath.

commissioners, and on oath or solemn affirmation (to be admi-

nistered by one or more of the said commissioners) to verify the

contents of his or her statement; and which oath or affirmation

shall be, That the contents of such starement are true to the Parties may

best of the belief of the party ; and which oath or affirmation amendtheir

statement be-

shall be signed and subscribed with the proper name of the party fore they take

taking the same: provided always, that such person shall be at the oath.

liberty to amend such flatement by increasing the amount of the Affefsment

duty returned therein ,before he or she shall be required to take after such

such oath or affirmation as aforesaid ; and every such assessment, verification

after such verification of such statement, shall be final and con- except as

to be final,

1

clusive as to the amount of the duty to be charged, except as here- hereinafter

inafter is mentioned.

mentioned.

1

CXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any When a state-

case where the party assessed shall have verified his or her state- ment has been

ment delivered to additional commifsfioners upon oath, and where verified, and

thefurveyoris

the surveyor or inspector shall nevertheless apprehend the deter- dissatisfied, he

mination made by the said commissioners to be contrary to the may state a

true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare him- case to commitsioners

self dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be for the pur-

lawful for such surveyor or inspector to require the said commif- poses of the

fioners to state specially, and fsign the case upon which the quef- act for their

tion arose, together with their determination thereupon ; which opinion, ac.

cording to

cafe the said commissioners, or the major part of them then pre - comic which the

1

fent, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to affeffinent

cause the same to be by him transmitted to the commissioners for shall be made.

the purposes of this act, for the fame district, who are hereby

required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to the

case so transmitted, with their opinion thereon subscribed there.

to, according to which opinion so certified the assessment which

-shall have been the cause of such appeal shall be altered or confirmed .

1 .

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Statements

That if from any unavoidable cause, as herein is mentioned, the to be verified

said commissioners shall have permitted any statement or schedule by the agent

or factor

to be delivered by any agent or factor of the party, and the said ing for the

commissioners shall require the verification of such statement party.

or schedule, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to

require the verification thereof to be made by such agent or

factor, or shall admit other proof thereof as shall seem to them

necessary.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every instance when no

in which any person shall have made default in the delivery of statement or

any statement , such person not having been otherwise charged to no sufficient

the statement is

806 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.1

returned , the the said last -mentioned duties, or if the said additional commif

12

additional

commissioners

sioners shall not be satisfied with the statement delivered by any

to make an

person or persons, or any objection shall be made thereto by the

assessment

inspector or surveyor ( which he and they is and are hereby autho-

according to

thebest of

rised and required to do in writing, setting forth the cause and

theirjudge-

causes thereof, whenever he or they shall see sufficient cause), or

ment.

the said additional commissioners shall have received any information of the insufficiency of any statement, the said additional

commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall make an asseff-

ment on such person, in such sum as, according to the best of

their judgement, ought to be charged on such persons by virtue

of this act, which assessment shall be subject to an appeal accord-

Additional

ing to the directions hereinafter contained .

CXL. And be it further enacted, That whenever the addi-

commissioners tional commissioners shall think it proper to refer any statement

may refer statements to to the commissioners for the purposes of this act, without making

commissioners any assessment thereon, it shall be lawful for them so to do, on

for the pur-

delivering to them the cafe in writing, relative to such statement,

poses of the

act.

as the same shall appear to them, with any matter in question

between them, either as to law or fact ; and the said commissioners

for the purposes of this act shall proceed to inquire into the

merits of such statement, in like manner as they would have

been hereby authorised to do in case the said additional commif .

fioners had made an affefsment on such statement, and the party

charged had appealed against such assessment.

Inspector and CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the inspector or fur-

surveyor may exammeaffeff . veyor being sworn as aforesaid, shall and may, at all seasonable

ments, and times, inspect and examine any afsessment which shall be made

erroneous af- as last aforesaid, before the delivery thereof to the commissioners

fefsments may for the purposes of this act ; and in case he shall discover any

be amended

on their cer-

error in the fame, which in his judgement shall require amend-

tificate .

ment, he shall certify the same to the said additional commissioners

by whom the afsessments thall have been made ; and the said ad-

ditional commissioners, upon sufficient cause being shewn to

them, shall amend the same, as in theirjudgement the cafe thall

require.

Surveyor to state his ob-

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where

jection to the the surveyor or inspector shall object to the amount of the duty

affefsments in charged by any assessment by additional commissioners, which he

writing to the is hereby empowered to do in any cafe except where the party

additional

commission-

shall have verified his or her statement , and the affefsment shall

ers, who are to

be made on the amount contained therein, he shall state such

certify the

objection to the additional commissioners of the district in writing,

same to the

as before directed, who, or any two or more of them, shall

commissioners for the

thereupon certify the same to the commissioners for the purposes

purposes of

of this act in the fame district, together with the reasons for

theact .

making such affefsment, and any information they shall have ob-

Surveyor to

tained respecting the fame; and the said surveyor or inspector

givenotice

shall also give such notice thereof to the party afsessed, as he is

to the party .

required to do by the said several recited acts respectively , in cafes

of surcharge, in order that the party so charged may be at liberty

to

1 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 807

- to appear before the said commissioners for the purposes of this

act, according to the directions herein contained, in support of

- such assessment.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Additional

21 commissioners shall cause certificates of the affefsments to be duly commissioners to deliver

made out for each ward, parith, or place , within their respective certificates

districas , containing the names and furnames of the parties of affefsment,

charged, and the sums which they respectively ought to pay by fealed up,

virtue of this act, and shall cause such certificates to be entered to commif .

fioners for

ち

in books provided for that purpose according to such forms as the purposes

shall be transmitted to them by the commissioners for the affairs of the act.

of taxes ; and they, or any two or more of them , shall sign the

same, and deliver the same so entered and signed to the commif-

3

fioners for the purposes of this act in the fame district, under

cover , fealed up; and shall also cause all statements, lists , and de-

clarations, returned to them by any party or parties, or by the

assessors, to be delivered at the same time to the said commif-

fioners for the purposes of this act, and shall then adjourn them . Then to ad-

journ, and not

selves fine die, and shall not afterwards meet in the execution of afterwards to

this act, unless on summons in writing under the hands of three meet, unless

15

جا

or more of the commissioners for the purposes of this act, requir- on summons

ing them to meet at such time and place as shall be mentioned from the

commissioners

3

in suchsummons, or unless in the subsequent year they shall again for the pur-

be appointed additional commissioners, or no additional commif- poses of the

fioners shall be appointed for such district in such year.

act.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Persons ag-

think him or herself aggrieved by an affeffinent made by the ad- grieved by

assessments

ditional commissioners as aforesaid (except where the same shall to appeal to

have been made according to the statement of the party, after commission-

verification thereof) or by any objection to such assessment made ers for the

by any surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for purposes of

him or herrespectively to appeal to the commissioners for the pur-

theact .

poses of this act in the fame district where such affefsment was

made, on giving ten days' notice thereof to the assessors, surveyor,

or inspector; and all appeals to be made in pursuance of this act

3

shall be heard and determined by the respective commissioners

نا

acting for the purposes of this act, for the fame district where the

cause of appeal arose, and not otherwise .

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for Time for re-

the purposes of this act shall appoint a time for receiving appeals as ceiving ap-

soon after the afsessments shall be returned to them bythe additional peals tobe

fixedby

commissioners as conveniently can be done ; and the assessorss commission-

shall cause notice thereof to be given by affixing the same on the ers .

church door, market-house, or cross , in the parish or place where Notice there-

they act, and the meetings of the commissioners for that purpose of to be given

shall be held from time to time within the time limited by the by asseflors .

said commissioners, with or without adjournment ; and no appeal No appeal to

shall be received after the time limited by the said commissioners, be received

after the timeexcept on the ground of diminution of income , as herein men- limited ,ex-

tioned: provided always, that if any person shall be prevented, cept for dimi-

from absence, sickness, or other reasonable cause to be allowed nution of in-

by come, or in

808 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII.III. C. 122. [1803.1

cafe offick- by the said commissioners, from making or proceeding upon his

ness or other appeal within the time so limited, it shall be lawful for the com-

reasonable

cause.

missioners to give further time for that purpose, or to admit the

fame to be made by any agent, clerk, or servant, on the behalf

20

of such appellant.

Notice to be

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That in order that all

givenof the

time limited

appeals upon such last-mentioned assessments may be determined

forhearing appeals.

in due time, the said commissioners shall cause a general notice

to be stuck up in their office, or left with the clerk of the commissioners, limiting the time of hearing all appeals, and which

shall be limited to be heard within a reasonable time after the

cause of appeal shall have arisen ; and no appeal shall be heard

after the time in such notice to be limited, unless the appeal ( hall

20

be made on behalf of any person or persons who shall be absent

out of the realm, or be prevented by sickness from attending in

person in the time so to be limited ; in which cases it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to postpone such appeals from time

to time, or to admit other proof than the oath or affirmation of

the party of the truth of the several matters required by this act

Commission-

to be proved by the oath or affirmation of the party.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any appeal

ers upon an

appeal may submit the

against any affeffiment of the additional commissioners, or against

any objection made by the surveyor or inspector, it shall be law-

matter in

ful for the commissioners , at the request of the appellant, to fub-

difference to mitthe matter in difference to two referees, to be named and

referees.

appointed in the manner before directed ; and such referees shall

proceed to fettle and ascertain the amount to be contributed by

such appellant, by virtue of this act ; and the sum so settled the

4

said referees shall certify to the said commissioners, whereon they

shall cause an afssessinent to be made , pursuing in such reference,

Takater

and in such aff.ffnent respectively , the directions hereinbefore

contained for fettling the amount of duties by reference.

Onappeal,

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the re-

andwhenthe

ceiving notice of any appeal against any assessinent made as last

objection made by the

surveyor is

aforesaid , and also in every cafe where the commissioners for the

purposes of this act , or the major part of them present, shall fee

allowed , the commissioners to require

cause to allow the objection of such surveyor or inspector to such

afsessment, the respective commissioners for the purposes of this

aschedule,

act shall direct their precept to the person or persons appealing,

to return to them, within the time limited in such precept, a

schedule containing such particulars as the said commifsioners

shall demand under the authority of this act, for their informa-

tion, either respecting the particulars of the property of such person or persons , or respecting the trade, profession, employment

or vocation exercised by such person or persons, and the amount

of the profits and gains of such person or persons so chargeable,

distinguishing the particular amounts derived from each separate

source before mentioned, and which the said commissioners are

hereby empowered and required to demand at their discretion,

whenever the same shall appear to them necessary for the purposes of this act, and so from time to time, until a complete schedule

1

1

1

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 809

schedule to the satisfaction of the said commissioners of all the

particulars required by them shall be delivered ; and every such

precept being delivered to or left at the last or usual place of

abode of the person or persons to whom the same shall be

directed, mall be binding upon such person and persons , accord-

ing to the exigency of such precept; or in case such person or Precept re-

persons shall have removed from the jurisdiction of the commif- quiring asche-

fioners, or cannot be found, or his, her , or their place of abode dule, on being

left at the

shall not be known, then upon fixing such precept on the door usual place of

of the church of the place where the commissioners thall meet in abode of the

the execution of this act, or fixing up the same in their office, party, to be

such precept shall also be binding upon such person or persons binding.

according to the exigency thereof ; and such person or persons Penalties for

shall make the return required by the said commissioners within not returning

the time limited in such precept , under the penalty in this act schedules.

contained, and subject to such charge as the said commissioners

13

are hereby authorised to make in such cafe; to which schedule Inspector and

surveyor to

any inspector or surveyor, sworn as aforesaid, shall have free ac- have access,

cess at all reasonable times, and shall take such copies thereof , or and each take

of any parts thereof , or extracts from the same, as he shall think copies ofsche-

necessary , for the due execution of this act.

dules.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Surveyor may

for the inspector or surveyor, sworn as aforesaid, within a reason- object to the statements in

able time to be allowed by the said commissioners for the purposes the schedule :

of his act, after he shall have had the examination of such schedules, to object to the same, or any part thereof, and to state such

objections in writing, and the cause or causes thereof , to the best

of his knowledge or information, which shall be allowed and

signed by two or more of the said commissioners for the purposes

of this act ; and the said surveyor or inspector shall, in every cafe and to give

of objecting to such schedule, deliver a notice in writing of such notice to the

objection to the party or parties to be charged, or leave the fame party .

at his, her, or their last or usual place of abode respectively,

under cover, sealed up, and directed to such party, in order that

such party or parties may be at liberty to appeal from the same

to the said commissioners as herein is directed : provided always,

that no afsessment shall be confirmed, or any alteration therein

bemade , until the appeal upon such objection or affessment shail

be heard and determined according to the directions of this act.

CL. And be it further enacted , That if , upon receiving the Commission-

objections of such surveyor or inspector to any schedule, the said ers overruling objection, or

commissioners, or the major part of them present at any meeting satisfied with

for the purpose of taking such objections into consideration, shall the assessment,

see just cause to disallow such objections, or if , upon hearing of or schedule ,

any such appeal as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall be may confirm,

or alter the

satisfied with the afssessinent made by the additional commif- affeftinent

fioners, or after delivery of a schedule they shall be satisfied accordingly :

therewith, and shall have received no information of the infuf-

ficiency thereof , the said commissioners shall direct such assessment

to be confirmed or altered according to such schedule, as the cafe

may require, and shall direct an affefsonent to be made of the duties

810 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

duties chargeable on the statement or statements contained in

such schedule , to the best of his knowledge and belief; provided,

that in every case where they shall think proper that the said

schedule should be verified, they shall direct the assessors or affef-

fors to give notice thereof to the person or persons to be charged

with the said duties, and to appear before them to verify the same

May require a in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; and every such person to

verification of whom such notice shall be given, shall and he is hereby required

the schedule to appear before the said commissioners, and on oath or solemn

uponoath .

affirmation as aforesaid to verify the contents of his, her, or their

schedule, and to sign and subscribe the same with his or her pro-

per name, and which oath or affirmation shall be, that the con-

Partymay amendthe

tents of such schedule are true: provided always, that such person

shall be at liberty to amend such schedule before he or she shall

schedulebe-

be required to take such oath or affirmation , and after such oath

fore he takes

the oath.

or affirmation, and in every case where such schedule shall not

have been objected to as aforesaid, and the said commissioners shall

be satisfied therewith, they shall make an afssessment according to

After verifi-

such schedule, at the amount at which the duty therein thall

cation of the

have been computed ; and every such assessment made after

schedule the

verification of such schedule shall be final and conclusive as to

affefsmentto

be final.

the matters contained in such schedule.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said com-

Commission ers mayput

missioners shall be dissatisfied with any such assessment returned

questions in to them by the additional commissioners, or with any such sche-

writing touch- dule, or any such declaration, or shall require further information

inganyaffeff- respecting the same or either of them, or any part thereof , it

ment or sche shall be lawful for the said commissioners to put any question or

dules.

questions touching such assessinent, or the contents of such schedule or declaration , or touching the matters which ought to be

contained therein , in writing, and to demand an answer accord-

ingly from such person or persons, signed by him, her, or them,

and fo from time to time whenever the said commissioners shall

think the fame necessary; and shall from time to time issue their

precept or precepts, requiring true and particular answers to be

given to such questions, of which three days notice at least shall

be given to him or them ; and every such person shall make true

and particular answers in writing, signed by him or her, to such

questions within the time limited by such precept, or thall within

the like period tender him or herself before the said commission-

Parties or ers to be examined by them vivâ voce to such matters ; and every

their agents to person required to make such answers, or appearing before the

returnanswers said commissioners to be examined as a party, or as the clerk,

tofuch quef-

tions, or to

agent, or servant of such party as hereinafter is mentioned, shall

attend the

be permitted to give his or her answers either in writing as

commission- aforesaid, or viva voce , without having taken any oath or affir-

ers . mation, and shall be at liberty to object to any question, and

peremptorily to refuse answering the fame; and the substance of

such answer or answers as he or she shall give viva voce, shall, in

his or her presence, be reduced into writing, and read to him or

her; and he or she shall be at liberty to alter any part thereof , and

1

1

1303.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 811

and also to alter or amend any particular contained in his or her

answers in writing, or in any schedule or declaration, before he

or the shall be called upon to verify the fame in the manner

hereinafter directed ; and every such schedule shall be altered or

amended as shail seem requisite after such inquiry or examination.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commission-

the said commissioners for the purposes of this act, in every such ers may call

cafe as aforesaid, whenever the said commissioners shallthink the upon thepar-

ty toverity

same necessary , to require such person or persons from whom their answers

such answers in writing as aforesaid have been received to verify or examina-

the fame, and upon app appearance of such person or persons, tion upon

to permit him or them to alter or amend the fame, and there-

oath .

upon to administer to such person or persons the oath or af-

firmation hereinafter mentioned, and also to require any person

orpersons who shall have been examined vivâ voce before them, to

verify his, her, or their examination on such oath or affirmation,

which oaths or affirmations any one or more of the said commif-

fioners is and are hereby empowered to administer; and which

oaths or affirmations respectively shall be, that the contents of

the said schedules are true, to the best of his knowledge and

belief , and contain a full and true account of all the profits and

gains of the deponent or deponents chargeable by this act, to the

best of his or her knowledge and belief ; or that the contents of

all such answers in writing as shall have been returned to the

said commissioners by him or them, as the same are then stated,

or that the contents of his or her examination, as the fame have

been reduced into writing, are true ; and every such oath or

affirmation shall be subscribed by the party taking the fame.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for May summon

the said commissioners for the purposes of this act , to summon witnesses, and

in like manner any person or persons whom they shall think able

examine them

uponoath.

to give evidence or testimony respecting the affeffinent to be made

onany such person or persons, in any such cafe as last aforesaid,

to appear before them to be examined, and to examine all such

persons who shall so appear before them on oath or affirmation

( except the clerk, agent, or servant of the person or persons to be

charged, or other person confidentially entrusted or employed in

the affairs of such party or parties to be charged, and who shall

respectively be examined in the same manner, and subject to the

fame restrictions as are hereinbefore provided for the examination of any party or parties touching the affeffiments to be charged

onhim, her, or them,) which oath or affirmation any one or

more of the said commissioners is and are hereby empowered to

administer, and which oath or affirmation shall be, that the

testimony or evidence to be given by him , her or them, shall

contain the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in respect of

the matter in question, concerning which such evidence or

testimony is given; and every such oath or affirmation hall be

subscribed by the person taking the fame.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said commif- Commission-

fioners ers agreeing

812 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

to make an

fioners , or any two or more of them, or the major part of them,

assessment on

the schedule

present , after hearing all such appeals as hall be depending

maydofo; but before them upon any objection made by the inspector or fur-

on neglect to veyor to any such last-mentioned assessment or schedule, whether

return sche-

such inquiry or examination as aforesaid shall have taken place

dule, or to

verifythe

or not, shall agree to make an assessinent according to the state-

fame, or to

ment or statements contained in the said schedule, as the same

answer the

shall have been returned , or altered or amended upon appeal as

questions put aforesaid, they shall direct an assesiment to be made of the duties

by the com- chargeable on the statement or statements contained in the said

miflioners, or

where the ob. schedule at the rate or rates before specified ; and if the said com-

jection of the missioners shall think proper to require a verification of the said

surveyor shall schedule, shall give notice thereof in manner aforesaid to the party

not have been or parties , to appear before them to verify the said schedule, and

appealed against , the such verification shall be made by the party or parties in such

commissioners manner, and such assessments thereupon shall be made as herein-

to make an

before directed, which assessments hall be final and conclusive as

affeffiment ac- aforesaid ; but nevertheless in every instance where any person

cording to

their judge- shall have neglected or refused to return such schedule according

ment , which to the exigency of the precept of the commissioners, or if any

shall be final.

clerk, agent, or servant of such party as aforesaid, being fun-

moned, thall have neglected or refused to appear before the commissioners to be examined ; or if such party, his or her clerk,

agent, or servant as aforesaid, shall have declined to answer any

question put to him or her by the said commissioners in writing,

or vivâ voce ; or where the schedule delivered shall have been

objected to as aforesaid, and such objection shall not have been

appealed against, within such reasonable time as is directed by

this act ; or where any person, being required so to do, shall .

have neglected or refused to verify his or her statement or schedule, or his or her answers or examination in writing ; or where

the commissioners shall agree as aforesaid to allow the objections,

or any of them, made by such surveyor or inspector, it shall be

lawful for the taid commissioners , and they are hereby required

in every such case , according to the best of their judgement, to

fettle and ascertain in what sums such person ought to be charg-

ed, and to make an affeffinent accordingly, which assessment

shall be final and conclusive.

Where an CLV. And be it further enacted, That where any afsessment

affetiment shall be in-

shall be made by the said commissioners for the purposes of this act ,

creased , the according to the best of their judgement , in the several instances

commissioners before mentioned, or where any assessiment shall be made upon

may charge any stateinent or schedule, without requiring the party or parties

thepartywith to verify the fame on oath or affirmation , and the said commis-

apenalty not signers thall have made any increased assessment upon the amount

exceeding double the

contained in the statement or schedule, or shall at any time dur-

amount.

ing the continuance of this act discover that any increase ought

to be made, it shall be lawful for them to charge such person or

persons in a sum not exceeding double the amount by which the

duties shall have been increased, (that is to say) where the party

or parties shall have refused or neglected to deliver any statement

or

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 813

or schedule, then in a fum not exceeding double the amount of

the sum which, according to the rate prescribed in schedule ( D. ) ,

such person , in the judgement of the said commissioners, ought to

be charged at ; and in case a statement or schedule thall have

been so delivered, then in a sum not exceeding double the amount

beyond the amount contained in such statement or schedule, un-

less such person or persons shall in every such cafe make it appear

that the omission complained of did not proceed from any fraud,

covin, art, or contrivance, or any gross or wilful neglect.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Persons guilty

1

ought to be charged by virtue of this act, shall, by fraudulently offraud may

changing or having changed his or her place ofrefidence, or by doubar be charged

fraudulently converting or having converted his or her property,

or any part thereof; or by fraudulently releasing, assigning or conveying, or having fraudulently released, assigned, or conveyed the

fame, or any part thereof; or by making and delivering any such

statement or schedule as aforesaid , which shall be false , or having

12

any property chargeable as last aforesaid, shall fraudulently convert,

or thall have fraudulently converted the fame or any part thereof,

by altering or having altered any security with relation to such

property ; or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the

3 fame, or any part thereof , temporarily unproductive , in order

that such person may not be charged for the fame, or any part

thereof; or by any falsehood, fraud, covin, art, or contrivance

1

whatsoever, already used or practised, or to be used or practised,

shall not be charged and affessed according to the true intent

and meaning of this act ; every such person shall, on proof thereof

before any two or more of the said respective commissioners for

the purposes of this act, be charged and affessed double the amount

of the charge which ought to have been made on such person

( if no such charge shall have been made) ; and if any such

charge shall have been made, which shall be less than the charge

which ought to have been made on such person, then such person

shall be assessed and charged for the purposes of this act, over

and above such former charge, double the amount of the dif-

ference between the sum with which such person shall have been

charged, and the sum with which he or the ought to have been

charged .

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, re- Penalty on

quired so to do by the respective commissioners for the purposes persons neglecting to

of his act, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any deliver a

schedule to the person or persons to whom the fame ought to be schedule, or

delivered in pursuance of this act ; or shall refuse or neglect to to attend the

appear before the respective commissioners aforesaid, or the ad- summons of

ditional commissioners, having authority in such cafe, by virtue commission-

of this act, to verify on oath or affirmation before such comnif. ers .

fioners, any statement or schedule by him or her delivered within

thetime or times limited, or to be limited by such commissioners

respectively, in pursuance of this act, every such person to of-

fending nall for every such offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding

814 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .

exceeding fifty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be

recovered under the said recited acts respectively.

Schedules may CLVIII. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That

be amended. if any person who shall have delivered a schedule, shall discover

any omission or wrong statement therein, it shall be lawful for

such person to deliver an additional schedule, rectifying such

omission or wrong statement, and such person shall not after-

wards be subject to any proceeding under this act by reason of

Persons who

such omission or wrong statement; and if any person shall not

have omitted

have delivered a statement or schedule within the time limited

to deliver

statements or

by the commissioners for that purpose , it shall be lawful for such

schedules,

person to deliver a statement or schedule in manner herein

may deliver

directed, at any time before a proceeding shall be had to recover

the fame at

the penalty herein mentioned ; and no proceeding shall be after-

any time be-

wards had for recovering such penalty; and if any proceeding

fore proceed

>menced

ings

shall have been actually had before the commissioners for reco-

vering such penalty , it shall be lawful for the commissioners

against them. before whom such proceedings thall be commenced, on due

proof to their satisfaction that no fraud or evasion whatever was

intended, to stay such proceedings, either on the terms of paying,

or without paying the costs then incurred, as the commissioners

Proceedings shall think fit ; and if any proceedings shall have been commenced

for penalties in any court, it shall be lawful for such commissioners to certify

be stop-

pedifno fraud that, in their judgement , no fraud or evasion was intended by

was intended , the party making such omission; and it shall be lawful for any

and further judge in such court, on a summary application, to stay such pro-

time in cer- ceedings on such terms as aforesaid, as he shall think fit , or if

taincafes

allowed where such person shall have delivered an imperfect statement or sche-

animperfect dule, and shall give to the commissioners a sufficient reason why

statement has a perfect statement or schedule cannot be delivered , the said

beengiven in . commissioners , being satisfied therewith, thall give further time,

and fo from time to time, for the delivery of such statement or

schedule; and such persons shall not be liable to any penalty for

not having delivered such statement or schedule within the time

before limited, in cafe such person shall have delivered as perfect

a statement or schedule as from the nature of the cafe he or the

was enabled to give, and so from time to time, as long as the

commissioners shall grant further time as aforesaid.

Modeofin- CLIX. And be it further enacted, That if in the course of

quiry into property in

any inquiry before the said respective commissioners, they thall

otherdutricts, think it necessary to ascertain the amount of the charge on any

person or persons in respect of any property affefsed, or which

ought to be assessed, by virtue of this act, to any of the duties

contained in the said other schedules, which arite out of the

limits of the city , town, or place for which they shall act, then

and in such cafe the commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall,

on a certificate or certificates thereof , tranfinit such certificates

to the respective commissioners acting for the division or place,

or divisions or places, where such person has or ought to have

been assessed or charged to such other duties; and the said last- mentioned

1

F

T

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 815

mentioned commissioners shall, on receipt of such certificates ,

respectively inquire into the amount of the fum or sums with

which such person or persons have been or ought to be charged

to such other duties, within the limits of the division or place

where such last-mentioned commissioners act; and the said last-

mentioned commissioners having satisfied themselves of such

fum or fums, shall transmit a certificate thereof , under the hands

of any two or more of them, to the said commissioners for the

affairs of taxes, to be laid before the said commissioners making

such inquiry as aforesaid , to the end that such person or persons

may be justly charged, and such abatements may be allowed as

directed by this act.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Notices to be

fons shall come into or be resident in any district wherein such given from

person or persons shall not have been before charged to the said time to time

to residents

last-mentioned duties for the said year, the assessors or assessorss, who have not

collector or collectors, or any inspector or surveyor, shall give or been before

leave notice in writing, to or for every such person so residing charged.

within the limits for which such assessors, collectors , inspectors ,

or surveyors respectively act, to make out and deliver, within

fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a de-

claration in writing, signed by him or her, with his or her own

proper name, which shall specify the name of the parith or place,

county or counties, wherein such persons shall have been assessed

to the said duties for such year, and also to produce the certificate of such assessment, or in default thereof to deliver a state-

ment, for the purpose of being assessed to the said duties in such

parish or place ; and if any such person as aforesaid shall neglect Persons com-

or refuse to make out and sign and deliver such declaration as ing to reside

in adistrict,

aforesaid, within the time before mentioned, or shall make any onnotice

false or untrue return therein, in any particular thereof , every being left with

such person shall for every such offence forfeit and paya fum not them, to de-

exceeding twenty pounds ; and when in any such cafe it shall clare where

not appear that any such person or persons shall have been af- charged, or

deliver a

sessed to the said duties in any other parish or place, then and in statement for

such case it shall be lawful for the respective commissioners the purpose of

acting for the said district, and they are hereby required to pro- being assessed,

ceed to assess such person to the said duties in like manner in under a penal-

every respect as if such person had been resident in such district

tyof 201.

at the time of the publication of notices as directed by this act ;

and if any person or persons, after notice given to return a state- Removing out

ment as aforesaid, shall remove out of such parish or placeofaparish or

without returning such statement, or before an affefsment shall place, without discharg-

be made on him, her, or them, or if such person or persons ing the affeff-

being affessed to the said duties shall remove out of the parish or ment, or not

placewhere he, she, or they shall have been assessed to the said leaving fuf-

ficient goodsduties, without first paying or discharging all the said duties to satisfy the

charged upon him, her, or them, which shall then be due and arrear, to

payable, or without leaving in such parish or place sufficient forfeit 20 .

goods and chattels whereon the said duties in arrear may be

raised and levied, and the same shall remain in arrear and unpaid

for

816 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . С. 122. [ 1803 . for the space of twenty days after the time appointed by this act

for payment thereof , every such person shall for every such of-

fence forfeit and pay (over and above the said duties so left

Arrear to be

unpaid as aforesaid ) the sum of twenty pounds ; and also in every

levied bydif-

such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners for the

tress in the

district to

affairs of taxes to certify to the commissioners of the district

which the

within which such person or persons shall then reside the whole

party shall remove ; and

amount of the assessinent made upon such person or persons, and

if sufficient

such last- mentioned commissioners mall thereupon issue a war-

effects cannot

rant ofdistress for the recovery of the whole duty that shall then

be found, the

have been assessed on such person or persons, together with the

deficiency to costs and charges attending the same ; and if goods or chattels

be recoverable cannot be found whereon such distress can be fully made, then

as adebt of

record.

and in every such case the whole of such arrear of duty, and

costs and charges as aforesaid, or such part thereof as cannot

be levied and collected by distress as aforesaid, shall be recove-

rable as a debt upon record to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-

cessors, together with all costs and charges attending the fame.

Abatement on

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That if within or at the

account of end of the year current, at the time of making any aff - flment

diminution of under this act, or at the end of any year when such affefsment

income, how

tobe allowed . ought to have been made, any person charged to the duties contained in schedule (D.), who mall have computed his profits or

gains arising as last aforesaid on the amount thereof in the pre-

ceding or current year, and not on an average of years, thall

find and shall prove, to the satisfaction of the commissioners for

the purposes of this act, that his or her profits and gains during

such year for which the computation was made fell thort of the

fum fo computed in respect of the same source of profit on

which the computation was made, it shall be lawful for the

commissioners, or the major part of them, on proof before them,

to cause the affefsment made for such current year to be amended

in respect of such source of profit, as the case shall require ; and

in cafe the sum assessed shall have been paid, to certify under

their hands and seals to the governor and company of the bank

of England, or the receiver-general to whom the same shall have

been paid, the amount of the sum overpaid upon such first af-

sessinent ; and on production of such certificate, it shall be lawful

for the said governor and company to direct their cashier or

cashiers, and for the said receiver- general, to repay such sum as

shall have been so overpaid, out of any publick monies in the

hands of such cashier or cashiers, or of such receiver- general,

who respectively shall, if necessary, replace the fame out of the

first monies that shall come to their hands respectively of the

duties granted by this act, for which payments the certificate

of the said respective commissioners thall be a sufficient autho-

Abatement

to be allowed

whenpertons

hall cease to

exercise any

rity . CLXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person

charged to the said last-mentioned duties, whether the compu-

tation thereon shall have been made on the profits of one year,

or an average, as herein allowed, shall cease to exercise the pro- session,

10

200

t

4

1

2

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 817

session , or to carry on the trade, employment or vocation, in trade, profef-

respect whereof such affefsment was made , or shall die before the fion, &c. or

shall diebe-

end of the year current at the time of making such assessment , fore the end

or shall from any other specific cause be deprived ofor lose the of the year.

profits or gains on which the computation of duty charged in

such assessment was made, it shall be lawful for such person , or

the heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns of such person, to

make application to the commissioners for the purposes of this

act, within three calendar months after the end of such year ;

and on due proof thereof , to the satisfaction of such commif-

fioners, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause the

assessment to be amended or vacated as the case may require,

and to give such relief to the party charged, his or her heirs ,

executors, administrators, or assigns, as thall be just ; and in

cases requiring the fame, to direct , in manner before mentioned,

repayment to be made of such sum as thall have been overpaid

on the affefsment amended or vacated : provided always, that Where any

where any person shall have succeeded to the trade or business person has

of the party charged, no such abatement shall be made, unless it succeededto

the trade or

shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, that business of the

the profits and gains of such trade or business have fallen short party charged,

from some specific cause to be alleged to them, and proved since no abatement

such change or succession took place, or by reason thereof; but to be made,

except for a

such person, so succeeding to the same shall be liable to the pay- specific cause.

ment of the full duties thereon , without any new affefsment.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Relief from

person or persons shall have been or shall be assessed in one dif- double affeff-

trict to the last-mentioned duties, whether charged on such ments.

person or persons on his, her, or their own accounts, or in any

of the characters hereinbefore described, on the behalf of any

other person or persons, and shall have been or shall be again

affefsed in another district for the same cause and on the same

account, it shall be lawful for such person or persons to apply to

the commissioners for the purposes of this act, acting for the

division or place for which such persons shallhave been so afsessed

as aforesaid, for the purpose of being relieved from such double

assessment ; and the commissioners acting for the division or place

within which such person or persons shall have been first assessed

to the said duties, thall, upon application, give or cause to be

given a certificate, under the hands of any two of such commissioners , of the amount of the assessment there made, which

certificate shall be given gratis ; upon the production of which

certificate to the commissioners for the purposes of this act,

acting for such other district within which such person or persons

shall have been affefsfed for the fame cause and on the fame

account, such last- mentioned commissioners thall , upon being

satisfied that such person or persons has or have been doubly af-

sessed, cause the aff ffment made in such district, or such part

thereof for which such double affefsment shall be made, to be

vacated , fo that such person or persons may not remain charged

VOL. XLIV. 3G by

818 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [ 1803 .

by more than one afsessment for the same cause and on the same

account .

Commission-

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if by any error, an

ers acting in

relation to

affefsment, or any part thereof , shall be made under this act ,

the duties in

upon the profits or gains arising from any property, or from any

schedule ( D) ,

office or employment of profit which shall have

shal! have been otherwise

may rectity affefsments

charged under this act, it shall be lawful for the said commif-

when made

fioners acting for the purposes of this act in relation to the duties

upon property which shall

contained in schedule (D), on due proof thereof to their fatis-

have been

faction, to cause such assessments, or such part thereof as shall be

fo doubly afsessed, to be vacated ; and which proof shall be either

otherwise

charged under by a certificate of the assessinent made on such property, or on

this act.

such office or employment, under the hands of two or more of

the commissioners by whom such last- mentioned aff : ssment shall

have been made, and that the fame is included in such last - mentioned affeffinent , or by other lawful evidence given of those

facts on the oath or oaths of any credible witness or witnesses.

Mode of af-

feffing com-

amissioners .

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners

acting in the execution of this act, for any district, as commif-

fioners for the general purposes of this act, shall be charged and

affefsed by the additional commissioners for the same district ; and

the additional commissioners acting for the fame district shall be

charged and affessed to the said duties by each other respectively,

and according as they ought to be charged ; and that any two

of the said respective commissioners acting for any district shall

respectively be competent to affess any other person acting as

such commissioner for the fame district, in like manner, and with

and under the like powers as if such person had not acted as

such commissioner ; and the said several commissioners shall

respectively divide themselves in such manner as that every such

commissioner shall be assessed by two other commissioners, and

the appeal therefrom (if any) may be determined by two commissioners for the purposes of this act, neither of whom shall be

concerned or interested in the determination thereof , either for

him or herself , or in any character before described for any other

person or persons ; and the said additional commissioners shall

respectively establish such regulations amongst themselves, for

charging and affeffing each other in manner aforesaid, as may

most effectually secure a fair and impartial assessinent upon every

Commission- commissioner, according to the true intent and meaning of this

ers to have

no voice, and act ; provided that any commissioner whose statement or sche-

not to be pre- dule shall be under consideration, or shall be concerned or inter-

fent when any efted therein, either for himself or for any other person or per-

fiatement or

fons, in any character before described, shall have no voice, and

schedule is

shall not be present , except upon an appeal for the purpose of

under consideration in

being examined vivâ voce by the commissioners then having his

assessment or schedule under consideration, but shall withdraw

which they

are interested.

during the consideration and determination thereof .

Assessments CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That all assesiments

to be charged made upon profits or gains under schedule (D), made by the

com-

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 819

commissioners for the purposes of this act, or under their autho- under the

rity, by reference as aforesaid, or of any other of the said duties provision of

schedule ( D)

to be charged under the fame provisions and regulations, shall be to be entered,

entered in books, with the name and names, or the description and certi-

of the person or persons , corporations, companies , or societies of ficates of the

persons, to be charged therewith, and their respective places of amount to be

delivered by a

abode fet opposite thereto, and which entries shall respectively number or

be numbered progressively, or lettered, or distinguished by num- letter, without

bers or letters, as the said respective commissioners for the pur- the name of

poses of his act thall think proper ; and that when and as soon the parties

as the said respective commissioners shall have cauled to be made

assessed.

any such entry in such book, they shall deliver to the person or

persons charged by such aff ffnent, or to some person or persons

there attending on his, her, or their behalf , a certificate under

the hands of two or more of such commissioners, specifying the

amount of the fums to be paid within one year upon such affeff-

ment ; and every such certificate shall be numbered or lettered

with the fame number or letter as the entry in the book of the

said commissioners to which such certificate shall relate shall be

marked and numbered, or lettered, without naming or otherwise

describing the person or persons charged thereby , which certi- Sums men-

ficate shall, on production thereof , be a sufficient authority to tioned in such

the governor and company of the bank of England , and to the certificates

may

respective receivers- general and their deputies in England, and intothe Bank,

the receiver-general in Scotland , and to the respective collectors to the recei-

as hereinafter mentioned, from time to time to receive from any vers-general,

person or persons bearing and producing such certificate or cer- deputies, or to

and their

tificates , the amount of the sums therein contained, in such pro- the collectors .

portions thereof as by this act are made payable by instalments,

and at the times by this act appointed for payment thereof , or

in advance ; and on the payment of the sums contained in any

such certificate , or any proportion thereof , the said governor

and company, and the said receivers -general , and their respective

deputies, and the said collectors, shall give certificates for the

same, acknowledging the receipt of the sum paid on account of

the certificate of the said respective commissioners by the number

and letter marked thereon, as before directed.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted , That the commissioners Commission-

for the purposes of this act , and also the additional commissioners, ers to enter

acting in relation to the duties contained in schedule (D), shall , their affeff-

in

in their respective books of assessment, enter and cause to be en- books, and

tered the several amounts of the sums assessed by them; and they send accounts

shall from time to time make out or cause to be made out, and to the tax-

shall transmit or cause to be transmitted, to the commissioners office.

for the affairs of taxes , accounts of the amount of duty assesled

by them, distinguishing the amount charged on each person,

- which accounts thall severally be made out, with the particulars

required by this act ; and they shall also from time to time make

out, or cause to be made out, and small transmit or cause to be

transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, lifts

containing the name, description, and place of residence, of all

3G2 and

820 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .1

and every person or persons afsessed by them respectively, as soon

as the fame conveniently can be done, which lifts shall be made

out according to an alphabetical arrangement of the respective

parishes or places of residence in their respective districts .

Commission-

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever such

ers to fend

assessments shall be completed in any district, the respective

duplicates to

commissioners for the purposes of this act acting therein shall

the remem- brancers and

cause to be delivered a duplicate on parchment under their hands

receivers-

and seals , fairly written, containing the whole sums assessed by

general.

them into the King's remembrancer's office of the exchequer in

England and Scotland respectively ; and the said commissioners

shall also deliver a like duplicate unto the respective receivers-

general in England and Scotland respectively.

Appointment CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

ofdeputy receivers in

for any receiver-general, at the request of any commissioner

acting for the purposes of this act, in relation ation to the said last-

with the

certain places probation of

mentioned duties, in or for any city or town in Great Britain,

except within the city of London, or within ten miles of the fame,

the commif

and with the approbation of the commissioners for the affairs of

fioners of

taxes, to appoint a fit and proper person resident in such city or

taxes.

town, who shall give security to the satisfaction of the said re-

Receiver-

ceiver- general, to be his deputy for the receipt of the said last-

general an- fwerable for

mentioned duties arising within such city or town, or within the

the deputies,

district where such city or town shall be situate, regard being

and security

had in such appointment to the population and extent of such

to

be given given his fatis-

city or town, for which deputy the said receiver-general shall be

to

answerable ; and it shall be lawful for the said respective com-

faction.

millioners to allow to the deputy so appointed, such salary and

Commissioners may certify

reward for his attendance and trouble therein as shall be agreed

the fum to be upon between such commifsioners and the person to be appointed

paid to the such deputy, and as shall be approved of by the said commis-

deputy re- fioners for the affairs of taxes, not exceeding the rate of one

ceiver not

exceeding penny halfpenny of the fum received by such deputy, and paid

1d . 29. in the over to such receiver-general ; which allowance such deputy is

pound .

hereby empowered to detain out of the payments made on account of each instalment, as they shall be paid : and such deputy

shall, on some day in every week, to be named in the bond to

be entered into by him, pay or remit to such receiver-general the

whole amount of the duties then in his hands, and thall faith-

fully account for the same to such receiver-general.

Duplicates to

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

be delivered

for the respective commissioners for the purposes of this act to

to deputy

issue out and deliver to the respective collectors, except where a

receivers and deputy receiver shall be appointed as herein is directed, and to

collectors undernumbers, such deputies where such appointments have been made, dupli-

with warrants cates of the assessments made by them, containing the fums

for receiving assessed on each person, together with the number or letter fet

the duties . opposite thereto, in their refspective books before mentioned ,

without naming such persons, with their warrants for their receiving the said duties charged by such commissioners respectively, as the fame shall become payable as aforesaid ; and all

such

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 821

such sums shall be paid to the respective collectors , or deputy Duties which

receiver, where such shall have been appointed, or into the bank cannot be le-

vied as herein-

of England, and such part thereof as shall not be so paid to them, after mention-

shall be levied and collected as hereinafter is mentioned ; and in ed, to be re-

default of the same being so levied, thall be recoverable as a debt coverable as

upon record to the King's majesty , his heirs and fuccessors, in a debt upon

manner before directed in other cafes . record.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen Commissioners to regulate

that this act cannot be executed previous to the time appointed the payment

for the payment of the first or any subsequent instalment of the ofaffefliments

said last -mentioned duties, it shall be lawful for the commissioners made after the

- for the purposes of this act, who shall have made or allowed any time ofpay-

ment of

assessment after the period appointed for any such payment, of the intal

which they are hereby declared to be competent to do wheneverments shall

the same shall be necessary, to settle and adjust at what time and have elapsed .

in what proportions the instalment or instalments, of which the

time or times for payment shall then have elapsed, shall be paid,

in such manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable ,

regard being had to the amount of such affefsinent, and the

number of periods appointed for the payment of instalments

then to come (if any ) in the year of making the affefsment.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the duties payable Persons charg-

on such last- mentioned assessiments shall be paid either into the ed to pay the

duties into the

bank of England , or to the deputy of such receiver-general, where Bank, or to

such shall be appointed, or to the collector or collectors for the the receiver

parish or place, at the election of the party charged, by such or collector,

quarterly instalments as aforesaid, before the respective days be- at their elec-

tion ; and on

fore appointed for such payments, according to the regulations default , the

of this act ; and the certificates hereby required to be given on duties may

such payments shall be delivered to the respective commissioners, be levied as

or to one or more of them , or to their clerk at their office , before otherduties under the

the times when the same are hereby made payable, taking his or commissioners

their receipt for the fame, which receipt shall be a sufficient dif- for the affairs

charge for the money so paid, in satisfaction of fo much of the of taxes.

assessment as shall be mentioned in such certificate to be so paid ;

and if any person shall neglect to pay the same at the time and

in the manner hereby directed for payment of such duties, or

having paid the same shall neglect to deliver the certificate required to be given in such payment as hereinbefore directed,

it shall be lawful for the respective commissioners for the purpose

of this act, and they are hereby required to deliver a duplicate of

all fums assessed on any person or persons who shall have made

default in paying or accounting for the payment of the fame,

together with their warrant , to such collector or collectors as

they shall appoint to levy the sums in arrear and unpaid, and

which duplicate shall be made out, and which sums shall be

levied according to the regulations of the said recited acts respectively.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier of the Payments to

bank of England shall, on the receipt of any of the said last- be entered in

mentioned duties, enter the fame in the books to be provided for

books at the

Bank.that

822 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [1803.

that purpose, and all such sums shall be entered under the letter

or number contained in the certificate ; and every such account

kept at the bank of England hall be entered under the head of

" The Account of the Commissioners acting for the

of

دو

as the cafe may require, and

shall enter in like manner in such books all fums which shall be

Deputy re.

paid by referees to the separate accounts of the commissioners ,

ceivers and

collectors to

ordering such references respectively; and the deputy receivers and

write off the

collectors shall on the like receipt cause the same to be wrote off

fums received in their respective duplicates ; and the said cashier or cashiers,

in the dupli- or deputy or deputies to such receivers , or collector or collectors,

cates. shall, whenever he or they shall be required by the respective

Accounts of commissioners for the purposes of this act, deliver to them a true

fums received account of all fums paid at the bank of England, or to such de-

to be delivered

to the com- puties or collectors respectively, on account of the duties charged

missioners, and by thein respectively ; and shall also transmit to the office of the

accounts to be commissioners for the affairs of taxes, whenever required by

also sent to the tax-office. them fo to do, a true account of the sums so paid.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

Duties maybe

paid in ad- for any person or persons, at any time or times during the con-

vance into the tinuance of this act, to pay or cause to be paid in advance to the

Bankor to the governor and company of the bank of England, or to their

deputy re- cashier or cashiers, or to the deputy of any receiver- general ap-

ceiver, subject pointed under this act, any fum or fums of money charged

todiscount. as

last aforesaid , or by reference by virtue of this act , and to

require a certificate or certificates acknowledging such payment ;

and it shall be lawful for the cashier or cashiers of the said bank

of England, and for such deputy receiver as aforesaid, on pro-

duction of the notice or certificate of such assessment at the time

of payment of the said duty in advance, (the sum so paid not in

any case to be less than the sum which appears by such certificate

to be payable by two instalments) to make an allowance at the

rate of five pounds per centum per annum out of the sum or sums

fo paid in advance, calculated upon such sum or fums for the

period or periods by which each respective sum shall be paid

sooner than the period prescribed by this act for payment thereof;

and in every such cafe the said cashier or cashiers, or deputy

receiver as aforesaid, shall give the persons paying the fame a

certificate of such payment, specifying therein the number of in-

stalments thereby discharged, and the amount of the allowance

for such prompt payment, and referring thereby to the notice or

certificate of afsessinent then produced, and the number or letter

therein mentioned ; and all such allowances shall be made by the

said cashier or cashiers out of the duties to be paid in at the bank

of England at the time of passing the fame; and all certificates

made out by the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company

of the bank of England as aforesaid, or by any deputy to any

receiver- general, appointed as herein- mentioned, being delivered

at the respective offices of such commissioners , thall be received

by them as cash in discharge of the affeffiments, and shall be

allowed to them in their accounts.

CLXXV. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122 . 823

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That the schedule Schedule ( E)

hereinafter mentioned, marked (E), and the rules therein con- part of this

tained, shall be deemed and construed a part of this act, as if act.

the fame had been herein inserted under a special enactment.

SCHEDULE ( E. ) Schedule ( E. )

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable by Persons Duties upon

having, using, or exercising any Publick Office, or Employ- publick offices

ment of Profit : or employ- ments, and

UPON every publick office or employment o fprofit, and upon upon every

annuity or

every annuity , pension, or stipend, payable by his Majesty, or pension pay-

out of the publick revenue of Great Britain, except annuities be- able by his

fore charged to the duties contained in schedule ( C. ) for every Majesty, or

twenty shillings of the annual value thereof respectively there out of the

shall be charged the fum ofone shilling.

publick revenue.

RULES for charging the said Duties.

First . The said duties shall be charged on the person or per. To be charged

sons respectively having, using, or exercising such offices or for allfalaries ,

fees, or profits

employments of profit, or to whom such annuities, pensions, whatever.

or stipends shall be payable, for all salaries, fees, wages, perqui-

fites , or profits whatsoever accruing by reason of such offices,

employments, or pensions , after deducting the amount of duties Duties

payable or chargeable on the fame by virtue of any act or acts chargeable on

of parliament, where the fame have been really and bonâfide paid the fame by

and borne by the party to be charged. And each assesiment in acts ofpar-

liament to be

respect of such offices or employment shall be in force for one deducted if

whole year, and shall be levied for such year without any new borne by the

assessinent, notwithstanding a change may have taken place in party.

such office or employment on the person or persons for the time Affefsments

on offices to

having or exercising the fame; provided the person quitting be in force

such office or employment, or dying within the year, his or for one year .

their executors or administrators shall be liable for the arrears Provision

due before or at the time of his so quitting such office or employ- respecting

ment or dying, and for such further portion of time as shall then arrears due

have elapsed, to be settled by the respective commissioners, and from persons quitting their

his or their successor or successors shall be repaid such sums as offices or

he or they shall have paid on account of such portion of the year dying.

as aforesaid; and each afsessment in respect of such annuity,

ว

pension, or stipend shall be in force for one whole year, unless

the same shall cease or expire within the year by lapfe, death,

or otherwise, from which period the assessment thereon shall be

discharged.

Affefsmentson

Second. The said duties to be assessed by the respective com- pensions to be

missioners for all the offices in each department, in the place one year, un-

inforce for

where the said commissioners shall execute their offices, although less the fame

certain of the offices in the same department may be executed shall cease

else-within the

year.

824 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .

Schedule (E.) elsewhere, and shall be due and payable from the respective

officers and their respective successors for the time being.

Duties to be Third. The said duties shall be paid on all offices andem-

affefsed for all ployments of profit of the description hereinafter mentioned

the offices in

eachdepart-

within Great Britain ; ( videlicet) any office belonging to either

ment in the the

house of parliament, or to any court ofjustice, whether of law

placewhere

or equity, in England or Scotland, Wales, the duchy of Lancaster ,

fioners shall

the commif execute their

the duchy of Cornwall ; or any criminal or justiciary or eccle-

fiastical court, or court of admiralty, or commissary court ; any

offices.

publick office held under the civil government of his Majesty, or

Description ofoffices to

in any county palatine, or the duchy of Cornwall ; any commif-

fioned officer serving on the staff , or belonging to his Majesty's

be charged.

armyin any regiment of artillery, infantry, royal marines, royal

garrison battalions, or corps of engineers , or of any court- martial ;

any officer in the navy or in the militia ; any office or employ-

ment of profit held under any ecclesiastical body, whether aggre-

gate or sole, or under any corporation, or any company or society ,

whether corporate or not corporate ; any office or employment

ofprofit under any publick institution, or on any publick founda-

tion, of whatever nature , or for whatever purpose the fame may

be established ; any office or employment of profit in any county ,

riding, or division, shire or stewartry ; or in any city, borough ,

town corporate, or place ; or under any trusts or guardians of

any fund, tolls, or duties to be exercised in such county, riding,

division, thire, or stewartry, city, borough, town corporate, or

place ; and every other publick office, or employment of profit of

a publick nature.

Fees or other

Fourth . The perquisites to be assessed under this act shall be

emoluments maybe efti-

deemed to be such profits of offices and employments as arise

mated on the

from fees or other emoluments, and payable either by the crown

profits of the

or the subjects, in the course of executing such offices or em-

preceding ployments ; and shall and may be estimated either on the profits

year, or on an of the preceding year, or of the fair and just average of one

average of

threeyears. year of the amount of the profits thereof, in the three years pre-

ceding such years, in each case respectively, ending on the fifth

day of April in each year, or such other day of each year on

Theduty on which the accounts of such profits have been usually made up.

Fifth . In all cafes where any salaries, fees, wages, or other

salaries, fees, perquisites or profits , or any annuities, pentions, or stipends shall

pensions, &c.

payableat

be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or at any publick office,

any publick office tobe

or by any office of his Majesty's household, or by any of his Ma-

stopped in

jesty's receivers or paymasters, or by any agent or agents employed

cafe ofnon-

in that behalf , then and in every such care the duties chargeable

payment.

under this act in respect of such salaries , fees, wages, perquisites

or profits, or in respect of such annuities, pensions, or stipends,

shall and may, in case of non-payment thereof , be detained and

stopped out of the fame, or out of any money which shall be

payable upon such salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits,

or upon such annuities, pensions, or stipends, or for the arrears

thereof , whenever the fame shall happen, and be applied to the

satisfaction of the duties on such offices or employments, or on such

7

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 825

-such annuities, pensions, or stipends respectively (not being other- Schedule ( E) •

wife paid ) in the manner directed by this act.

1 Sixth. shall cafes where the salaries, fees, wages, allowances, Duties on

salaries, &c.

- or profits of any officer or officers chargeable to the said duties, not arising

shall not arise out of any of the offices mentioned in the foregoing from offices

rule, but shall arise from any other office or employment of pro- mentioned in

fit chargeable to the said duties, and the salaries, fees, wages , the foregoing

perquisites, or profits, shall be payable at such office or by any stopped by

✓ officer or officers thereof , or by any receiver or receivers of the the persons

✓ same respectively, or by any agent or agents employed in that receiving such fuc

behalf , the duties chargeable under this act in respect of such salaries, fees ,

salaries , fees, wages, perquisites, or profits , shall be detained &c.1

and stopped out of the fame, or out of any money which shall

- be paid upon such salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits, or

6

for arrears thereof , whenever the saine shall happen, and be applied to the satisfaction of the duties ( not otherwise paid) in the

manner directed by this act.

Seventh. Such portion of the said duties on offices or em- Such portion

ployments of profit, or on annuities, pensions, or ftipends, as are of the duties

charged with any fum or fums of money payable to any other as are charged

with fums

person or persons, shall be deducted out of the sums payable to payable to

such other person or persons, as a like rate on such sums re- any other

spectivelywould amount unto ; and all such persons, their agents persons to be

and receivers, shall allow such deductions and payments upon deductedou

out

receipt of the residue of such sums. payable to

Eighth. Such portion of the said duties charged on any office such persons.

or employment of profit, executed by any deputy or clerk, or Duty charged

other person employed under the principal in such office, and upon the prin-

paid by such principal out of the salary , fees, wages, perquisites, cipal in an

C

office upon

or profits of such principal , thall be deducted out of the salary or falariespaidto

wages so payable, as a like rate on such salary or wages would his deputy

یا

نیا

amount unto ; and all such deputies, clerks, and other persons or clerk to be

fo employed , shall allow to their respective principals such de- deducted out

ductions and payments, upon the receipt of the residue of such

of such fala-

ries .

salaries or wages.

Ninth. In estimating the duty payable for any such office or Payments up-

employment of profit, or any pension, annuity, or stipend , all on receipt of

official deductions and payments made upon the receipt of the salaries, &c.

orinpaffing

salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, and profits thereof , or in passing accounts, or

the accounts belonging to such office, or upon the receipt ofupon the re-

such pension, annuity, or stipend, shall be allowed to be deducted ; ceipt of pen-

provided a due account thereof be rendered to the said commif- fions , to be

fioners, and proved to their satisfaction. deducted.

CLXXVI. And , for the ordering, raising, levying, and paying ofCommission-

the said fums of money hereby made payable thereon, be it further ers for the

duties on

enacted, That all and every the principal officer or officers of offices in the

each publick department of office under his Majesty, throughout publick de-

Great Britain, whether the same shall be civil, judicial, or cri- partments to

minal, ecclesiastical or commissariate, military or naval, shall be appointed

appoint commissioners from and amongst the officers of each by theprinci

officers

depart- belonging thereto.

$26 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

department of office respectively, and the persons so appointed

shall be commissioners for executing this act as aforesaid, and

the , powers therein contained in relation to the offices in each

Where three such department respectively : provided always, that where there

proper officers shall not be three such officers as directed by this act, in any

cannot be

found, or in such department, fit and proper to execute this act, as such

defaultofap- commissioners, who shall be respectively appointed within the

pointing com .time limited by this act, or where there shall be any default in

missioners, the appointing such commissioners as aforesaid, the lords- commis-

lords of the

treasury in fioners of his Majesty's treasury for England, Wales, and Berwick-

England , and upon-Tweed , and the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland ,

the barons of thall, within the time herein limited, appoint fit and proper per-

the exchequer fons, as directed by this act, to be commissioners for executing

in Scotland, to this act in the several departments of offices aforesaid for which

appoint them.

Two or more

they thall be appointed from and amongst the officers in the

offices maybe several departments respectively , uniting for the purposes of this

united under act, in cases requiring the fame, two or more offices under the

the fame com- same commissioners and other officers for assessing and collecting

missioners. the same as directed by this act, in one affefsment; and where

If commission- any dispute shall arise, touching the department in which any

ers are not

appointed, the office is executed, the said lords-commissioners of the treasury

commissioners and barons of the court of exchequer respectively as aforesaid,

in relation to shall determine the same : provided also, that where no appoint-

the duties on

ment shall be made of commissioners before the expiration of

lands, &c. shall

execute the

the time limited by this act, the commissioners for executing

actwith re-

this act, in relation to the duties on lands and tenements, shall,

spect to the

in their several districts , also execute this act in relation to the

duties on

said duties on offices and employments of profits exercised within

offices .

the same districts respectively; and the appointment of such

commissioners shall be notified to the commissioners for the affairs

of taxes in England , Wales, and Berwick- upon- Tweed , and to the

barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, and the want of

such notification in due time shall be deemed full proof of the

want of such appointment.

Appointment CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the principal

of commif- clerks or other officers of either house of parliament, the princi-

fioners for

offices in the pal or other officers in the several counties palatine, and the duchy

houses ofpar- of Cornwall, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any inferior court

liament , coun- of justice, whether of law or equity, or criminal or justiciary, or

ties palatine, under any ecclesiastical body or corporation, whether aggregate

inferiorcourts, or sole, throughout Great Britain, shall appoint commissioners

ecclesiastical from and amongst the officers in their respective departments ;

courts, or

under eccle- and the persons so appointed, or any three or more of them, not

fiastical per-

in any case exceeding seven, shall be commissioners for executing

fons. this act, and the powers therein contained, in relation to the

offices and employments of profit in each such department respectively ; which appointment shall be made, and the names of

the commissioners shall be transmitted to the office for taxes , or

Appointment to the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively ,

ofcommission- within the time herein limited : provided always, that where no

ers to be no-tified. such appointment shall be made of commissioners before the expiration

- 1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 827

expiration of the time limited by this act, the commissioners for If no such

executing this act , in relation to the duties on lands and tene appointment shall take

ments, thall in their several districts, on due notice of such place, the

default, in the manner herein directed, also execute this act in commissioners

relation to the duties on such offices or employments of proht in relation to

exercised within the same districts respectively.

the duties on

lands, &c. to

CLXXVIII . And be it further enacted, That the mayor, execute the

1

aldermen, and common council, or the bailiffs and capital bur- office.

gesses, or the principal officers or members, by whatever name Commission-

✓ they shall be called, of every corporate city, borough, town, or ers for raising

place, and of every cinque port throughout Great Britain, or offices not

the duties on

anythree or more of them, not in any cafe exceeding seven, belonging to

hall be commissioners for executing this act, and the powers any publick

therein contained, in relation to the offices or employments of department.

profit in such city, corporation , and cinque port; and in every guild,

fraternity, company, or society, whether corporate or not corporate,

within such city, corporation , or cinque port, and for all offices or

employments of profit ( not being publick offices or employments

3

ofprofit under his Majesty) in such county, riding, hire, stewartry, city, liberty, franchise, town, or place, whether in the

appointment of the lieutenant custos rotulorum, or the justices

or magistrates or sheriff of such county, riding, shire, stewartry,

city, liberty, franchise, town or place, or of any trustees or

guardians of any trust or fund in such county, riding, thire,

stewartry, city, town or place, and for all parochial officers in the

fame respectively ( except corporate offices in cities, corporate

towns, boroughs, or places, or offices in cinque ports as aforesaid) ,

the commissioners for executing this act in relation to the duties

on lands and tenements shall, in their several districts , also execute

this act in relation to the said duties on offices in such county,

نیا

riding , shire , stewartry, city, liberty, franchise, town, or place ;

and such respective commissioners thall and may exercise any of

the powers contained in this act, in relation to any of the duties

herein mentioned, for causing due returns to be made from the

respective officers within their respective jurisdictions, and for

compelling the assessorss to make their certificates of afsessment,

and returning the fame , and for the due collection of and accounting for the said duties, and to act therein in all respects

as fully and effectually as any other commissioners are hereby

empowered to act in relation to the said other duties ; provided

the monies collected of the said duties, under the respective

commissioners acting for such offices in corporate cities, bo-

roughs, towns, or places aforesaid, or in the cinque ports, or in

the several counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, cities ,

liberties, franchises, towns, and places, shall be paid to the re-

ceiver -general of the county, riding, shire, or stewartry, and

not otherwise, and that the like duplicates shall be delivered of

such last-mentioned duties, as in other cases where the same are

directed to be paid in like manner.

CLXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the appointment Periods when

of commissioners for executing this act , in relation to the duties appointment

ofcommif-on offices and employments ofprofit as aforesaid, in England, fioners is to be

Wales , notifiedto the

828 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [1803.1

tax-office. Wales, and Berwick -upon-Tweed , shall respectively be notified to

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, within one calendar

month after the passing of this act , with respect to the first

affefsment under the fame, and within one calendar month

Indefault of after the fifth day of April in any future year; and in de-

such notifica- fault thereof the appointment of such commissioners shall devolve

tion the ap- on the lords- commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or on the

pointment of commissioners commissioners of the district, as the cafe may happen : provided

to devolve on always, that such appointment by the commissioners of the trea-

thetreasury ,

fury shall take place within one calendar month after the notifi-

or the com-

cation of such default as aforesaid from the commissioners for

missioners of

the district to

the affairs of taxes ; and in case of no appointment as last afore-

execute the

said, to be notified in like manner, the execution of this act thall

act.

devolve on the commissioners before mentioned, appointed for

the district in relation to the duties on lands, tenements, and

Commission hereditaments : provided also, that such appointments by the

ers for exe-

barons of the exchequer in Scotland shall take place in every

cuting the act

with respect

cafe of such default as aforesaid, from the space of one calendar

to offices in

month after the respective periods before limited ; and in case no

Scotland.

such appointment shall be made by the said barons within one

calendar month after such default , then the execution of

this act shall devolve on the commissioners before mentioned ,

appointed for the district in relation to the duties on lands, tene-

ments , or hereditaments.

Duration of

the appoint-

ments.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That such appoint-

ments shall be for the term of one assessment under this act, and

until other commissioners shall be appointed for the subsequent

affefsment ; and which appointments may be renewed annually,

on or before the fifth day of April in each year during the continuance of this act .

Persons

CLXXXI. And be it enacted, That every person to be af-

assessed for

sessed for his office or employment shall be deemed to have ex-

offices, to be ercised the same at the head office of the department under which

deemed to

have exercised

such office or employment shall be held, and shall be rated for

the fame at

such office or employment as if exercised at such head office,

the head of- although the duties of such office or employment thall be per-

fice.

formed, or the profits, or any part thereof , arising from such

office or employment, shall be payable elsewhere within or out

of Great Britain; and all assesiments made on any inferior of-

ficer or officers, wherever they shall exercise their office or em-

ployment, shall be rated accordingly in the fame district where

such head office shall be established .

In what de-

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every office

partments

shall be deemed to belong to, and to be assessed by or under the

offices thall be principal officers of that department, by or under whom the

assessed. appointment to such office was made; provided, that where

such appointment shall be made by any inferior officer in any

department, then such office shall be assessed by the fame commitsioners by whom such inferior officer shall be chargeable for

his office: provided also, that where any such appointment shall

be held under the great seal or privy seal either of England or

Scotland , or shall be made under the royal sign manual, or where

any

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 829

any such appointment shall be under the hands or seals of the

commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and the same shall not

be exercised in the department of the treasury, then the officer

- holding the fame shall be affefsed in that department where the

- salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits belonging to such

- offices respectively shall be payable: provided also, that nothing

herein contained shall be construed to limit the right herein-

before given to commissioners of the district of assessing offices

before described within their respective jurisdictions, although

such offices, or any of them , may not be held under their appointment, or the profits of such offices may not be payable by

them or their order.

CLXXXIII . And be it further enacted, That for the better Commission-

execution of this act, so far as the fame relates to the duties ers for raising

the duties on

- hereby granted on annuities or pensions payable by his Majesty, pensions.

1

contained in schedule (E) , and for the ordering , raising, levying,

and paying of the several fums of money hereby made payable

thereon, the principal officers in the receipt of his Majesty's

exchequer in England , and the remembrancer, auditor, receivers,

and clerks of the pipe in the exchequer in Scotland , or their respective deputies, shall be commissioners for executing this act,

and all the powers herein contained, in relation to the said last-

mentioned duties.

CLXXXIV . And be it further enacted, That the several Commission-

لا

commissioners authorised to act in the execution of this act , in ers for the

relation to the duties on offices or employments of profit, and duties on

offices and

on annuities, pensions, or stipends, as soon after their respective pensions,

appointments as conveniently can be done , in their respective after taking

departments, shall meet at some convenient place, in order to the oath, to

qualify themselves by their taking the oaths prescribed by this meet and

appoint a

act, and shall have power to elect a clerk, and an assessors or clerk , affeff-

assessorss, and a collector or collectors of the said duties to be af- ors and col-

sessed by them, from and amongst the officers in their respective lectors, from

departments; which assessorss shall , within a time to be fixed by the officers

ہر

in the re-

the respective commissioners, deliver to them their certificates of spective de-

affefsment in writing under their hands, to be verified upon their partments.

oaths or solemn affirmations, and not otherwise, of the full and Assessor to

just annual value of all offices and employments of profit, bring in certificates ofchargeable under this act, in the department for which they shall assessment.

be appointed assessorss, and ofall pensions, annuities, and stipends,

estimated according to this act (after deducting the sum and

fums payable thereout respectively by virtue of any former act

or acts, where the fame have been really and bonâfide paid and

borne by the party to be charged), with the names and furnames

of the several officers and persons entitled to pensions, annuities,

or stipends, and the several fums of money they ought to pay by

virtue of this act , at the rate of one thilling for every twenty

shillings of such value, without abatement or deduction, and

without concealment or favour, upon pain of forfeiture for every Penalty for

neglect in the premises of any sum not exceeding one hundred neglect.

pounds nor less than twenty pounds ; which said assessorss are hereby

830 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.18

hereby strictly enjoined and required, with all care and diligence ,

to charge and assess themselves, and all other officers, clerks

and persons employed in their respective departments of office ;

and with respect to the duty on pensions, to charge and assess all

persons entitled unto any such pensions, and respectively to make

F

Assessor to

have free

their afsessments according to the provisions of this act; and

access to all

every such assessor shall have free access to all documents and

documents

papers whatever in their respective offices, touching the salaries,

touching la-

fees, wages, perquisites, and profits of any officer, clerk, or per-

laries, &c .

fon aforesaid, belonging to their respective offices and touching

belonging to

persons in

the amount of the respective pensions, and shall be at liberty ,

office, and

whenever the same may be necessary, to require returns from

may require returns from

the parties themselves, according to the provisions of this aci ,

that they may be enabled to make a true assessment in pursuance

theparties.

thereof .

The full

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in every case

value of

offices or

where any person holding such offices or employments, or being

pension to

entitled unto any pension, annuity , or stipend, as aforesaid, shall

be stated ,

claim an abatement under this act , or to be discharged wholly

although

from such afsessment, the commissioners shall nevertheless fet

abatements or down in such assessment the names of such persons, and the full

claimed.

exemption are and just annual value of such offices, employments, pensions,

Claims to

annuities, or stipends ; and the claims to such abatements shall

abatements

be preferred and examined, and the merits thereof shall be heard

to be deter- mined under

and determined under the regulations of this act, with respect

to the affefsments on lands and other the premises contained in

the regulations in schedule ( A) .

schedule ( A) ; which regulations shall severally be applied to the

said duties on such offices , employments of profit, pensions,

annuities, and stipends, as fully and effectually as if the same

were expressly so applied by this act.

Deputies to

CLXXXVI. And be it enacted, That where any office or

pay for prin-

employment of profit chargeable by this act, is or shall be ex-

cipals, where

theyare in

ecuted by deputy, such deputy shall, in all cases where he shall

the receipt of

receive the profits thereof , be answerable for and shall pay such

the profits of

afsessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out

the office.

of the profits of such office or employment ; and where the fala-

Where the

ries , fees , wages, emoluments or profits of any officer or officers

salaries or fees in any such office shall be receivable by any one or more of the

arepaid toone

person as a said officers for the use of such officer or officers, or as a fund to

fund to be di- be divided amongst such officers in certain proportions, the offi-

vided amongst cer or officers receiving such salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or

the several profits, hall be answerable for the duties charged thereon, and

officers such

person thall be small pay the same and deduct the same out of the funds provided

answerable for for such respective offices or employments before any division or

the duties. apportionment thereof; and in case of refusal or non- payment

thereof, thall be liable to such distress as by this act is prescribed

against any person having the office or employment, and to all

other remedies and penalties respectively herein contained.

Assessor for

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the proper offi-

the duties on

offices to be

cers , or their respective deputies, and the receivers and paymasters

furnishedwith in every publick department ofoffice, and in every other office for

which

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 831

which commissioners are hereby intended to be appointed for lifts of salaries,

raising the duties hereby charged on such offices respectively ; and fees, &c . to

ascertain the

any agent or agents by whom any salaries, fees, wages, perqui- value, and

fites , or profits shall be payable, shall, upon request to them make their

made by the respective assessors for the said respective duties, affefsments.

deliver gratis true lifts or accounts of all such salaries , fees,

wages, perquisites, and profits , received by them and belonging

to such offices respectively , and of all pensions payable to them

respectively, for the better guidance of the said assessors in charg-

ing the fame; and if the said assessors shall be disatisfied with such

accounts, it shall be lawful for them to require any officer whose

office shall not be truly valued in such account, to prepare and

produce to them, within the like period of time as is limited for

the returns of other accounts by this act, a lift or account of the May require

salaries , fees, wages, perquisites, and profits of the office exer- returns from

cised by him; which returns such officer shall be obliged to maketheparty.

under the penalties and forfeitures contained in this act for not

making other returns hereby required ; and from the documents

and papers in their respective offices, the said respective assessors

mall make their certificates of affefsment upon the persons hold-

ing such offices, or entitled unto such pensions respectively, according to the annual value thereof , at the rate in the schedule to

this act annexed; and shall in like manner as is before directed with To deliver

respect to afsessors for any parish or place bring in their said cer- certificate of

tificates to the respective commissioners for their allowance, who assessment to

shall forthwith fet their hands to the fame ; which affefsments the commif-

fioners who

shall be in force for one year, commencing and payable at the are to allow

like periods as the assessments on lands, tenements, and heredi- the fame, and

taments, before mentioned, are made payable ; and the said re- grant the war-

spective commissioners for the duties on offices shall cause the rants to the

collectors for

like duplicates to be made thereof , and delivered to collectors, levying the

with like warrants to collect the said duties as is before directed duties.

to be given to collectors for any parish or place ; and the said

collectors of the said duties on offices shall have the like authority

to demand and levy the said duties as is herein given to collec-

tors of any parish or place : provided always, that in all cafes In cases where

where any salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits of any the duties

publick office be detained and stopped out of the fame , or out of have been

any monies which shall be paid thereupon, and the amount ofstopped, the

amount to be

the monies so detained or stopped of the duties on offices or wrote off in

employments of profit as aforesaid, shall be wrote off in the the collector's

books of the collectors of the said duties in satisfaction and dif- book, and the

charge thereof , or of so much thereofas shall be so detained ; and proper officer

to keep a true

the proper officers in the respective offices shall keep true ac- account

counts ofall monies stopped, and ( upon request ) shall give copies thereof.

of such accounts to the proper collectors of such monies ; and

the money so detained of the duty on annuities, pensions , or

stipends, shall be accounted for and paid in the manner herein-

after directed.

✔ CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the particular Department

of office an-

department in which any affeffnent shall be made of the said swerable for

duties deficiencies,

832 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

duties on offices and employments of profit, or on annuities,

pensions , or stipends, shall be answerable for the amount of the

duties which shall be charged on the respective officers of such

department, or on the annuities, pensions, or stipends, payable

by such department, or the officers thereof , and for the said

duties being duly detained and stopped at such offices, or their

being demanded and levied according to the directions of this

act, as any parish or place is hereby made answerable for the

duties charged by virtue of this act, in such parish or place; and

the arrears of such duties as may arise from the default or failure

of any collector appointed to collect and levy the same, or of any

officer or person whose duty it shall be to detain and stop the

said duties, shall be raised and levied of the particular collectors,

officers, and other persons who shall have collected, detained ,

or stopped such duties, and shall not have paid over the fame ,

as by this act is directed, under the powers contained in the said

recited acts respectively, in the case of a collector therein mentioned; and that in default of recovering the same as aforesaid ,

Arrears tobe the said arrears shall be assessed on the same officers respectively ,

re-assessed.

and on the annuities, pensions, and stipends respectively, on

which the said duties shall have been charged, by duly appor-

tioning the fame amongst the several officers and persons assessed

in the assessment for the fame department, in the same year in

which such re-assessment shall be made, according to the amount

of each person's afsessment therein, as nearly as the cafe will

admit, and by the like rules, methods, and directions, by which

the original aflessment was made, and under the like powers as

are herein or in the said recited acts respectively given in other

cafes of re- affefsment.

Duties on

offices which

CLXXXIX . And be it further enacted , That where any

cannot be

person having, using, or exercising any office or employment of

stopped, to be profit which shall be charged to the duties by this act granted

certified, in

thereon, and the said duties cannot be detained and stopped in .

cafe of non-

the hands of the proper officer or officers, or in the hands of

payment, to

the commif any agent or agents employed to pay the monies due in respect

fioners of the of the said office or employment, or the fame monies shall have

district where

been paid over to the person or persons having, using, or exer-

the parties shall reside,

cising the said office or employment, and such person or persons

shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum or sums of money charged

who are to

uponhim or them, any two or more of the commissioners for

issue their warrant for

raising the duties on the said offices, shall and may, by writing

levying the

fame.

under their hands and seals , certify such neglect or refusal, and

the fum payable by virtue of this act to the commissioners for

executing this act, in relation to lands, tenements, and heredi-

taments in the parish or place where such officer or officers shall

reside; and any two or more of such commissioners are hereby

authorised and required, upon receipt of such certificate, by

warrant under their hands and seals, to authorise and empower

the respective collectors of the said duties, or the collectors of the

parish or place where such officer or officers reside, to levy the

fame by such ways and means as they are authorised to levy the

duties

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 833

duties charged by them respectively in pursuance of this act, and

such collectors are hereby authorised to execute such warrant

accordingly, and which shall be executed under the like powers

and in like manner as is hereinafter directed, and as if such officer

or officers was or were charged to the said duties in such parish

or place, and the monies arising thereby shall be paid to the

collectors charged with the said duties on such office or employ-

ment.

CXC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No qualifi-

1 .

qualification shall be required of any of the officers or persons cation to be

herein described, to be commissioners for the duties on offices or required of

commissioners

on employments of profit, or on pensions, stipends, annuities, on offices and

interest, or dividends , contained in the several schedules , who publick annui-

mall act as such commissioners by virtue of their several offices, ties .

other than such offices respectively; any thing herein-before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That the respective affef- Officers acting

in raising the

fors and collectors appointed to raise and assess, or levy, collect , duties onof-

and pay the sums ofmoney to be charged on offices or employ- fices, liable to

ments of profit, or on annuities , pensions, or stipends, payable penalties .

✓ by his Majesty, by virtue of this act, and also the surveyors and

inspectors acting in relation to the said duties, shall respectively

be subject to the penalties and forfeitures for refusing or neglecting the performance of their duty, or for being guilty of any

fraud or abuse in executing the fame, as are inflicted on such

officers respectively by the said recited act for the like offences .

CXCII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such of Duty to be

the said duties granted by this act, and the contributions hereby stopped or

deducted

authorised, which may be detained or stopped, and deducted outwhenthe

of the sums in respect whereof they shall be charged or deducted, principal sums

shall be respectively detained at such times in each year, as are payable .

the said sums shall be payable to the person or persons entitled

thereto .

CXCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Exemptions

every person charged to the duties hereby granted in respect of from duties

any profits or gains hereby charged or liable to the paymentupon proofs

that the ag-

thereof , in respect of any fum or fums arising from the profits gregate an-

hereby charged, shall, upon proving as hereinafter is mentioned, nual profits

that the aggregate annual amount of his, her, or their profits, are less than

arising from all or any of the several descriptions of profits re- 60l., and

abatements

spectively charged by this act, whether such charge shall be made allowed at

on such claimant personally or not, is less than the fum of sixty the rates in

pounds, be exempted from the said duties, and from all deduc- the table

tions or payments on account thereof , or by reason of this act ; upon profits

and that in all cafes where such aggregate annual amount shall amounting to

601. but less

be sixty pounds or more, and shall be less than one hundred and than 150/.

fifty pounds, such person thall be entitled to such abatement as per annum,

may be necessary to reduce the fame in each case respectively, in

the proportions stated in the following table; (that is to say )

VOL. XLIV. 3H TABLE

834 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [1803 .

TABLE of the abated Rates of Duty. For every205.

of suchAmount.

Table of

Where the said aggregate annual amount shall be f. s. d.

rates where

sixty pounds or more, and less than seventy pounds,

the aggregate annual

the fum of-

003

amount is

60l. and less

Where the said aggregate amount shall be seventy

pounds or more, and less than eighty pounds, the

than 1501 .

fum of

004

Where such aggregate annual amount shall be eighty

pounds or more, and less than ninety pounds, the

sum of

005

Where such aggregate amount shall be ninety pounds

or more, and less than one hundred pounds, the

fum of 006

Where such aggregate amount shall be one hundred

pounds or more, and shall be less than one hundred

and ten pounds, the sum of 00 7

Where such aggregate amount shall be one hundred

and ten pounds or more, and shall be less than one

hundred and twenty pounds, the fum of

008

Where such aggregate amount shall be one hundred

and twenty pounds or more, and less than one hundred and thirty pounds, the sum of

009

Where such aggregate amount shall be one hundred

and thirty pounds or more, and less than one hundred and forty pounds, the sum of

0010

Where such aggregate amount shall be one hundred

and forty pounds or more, and less than one hun-

C

dred and fifty pounds, the sum of

- 0011

Claim to

And every claim to such exemption or abatement shall be claim-

abatement be ed and proved ; and the proceedings thereupon shall be had be-

proved before fore the respective commissioners for the purposes of this act, in

the commif-

fioners . the district where such claimant shall reside, pursuant to and

under the powers and provisions by which the duties in schedule

(D. ) are herein directed to be ascertained, charged, levied, collected, and paid, but nevertheless subject to the directions herein-

after contained .

CXCIV. And, in order that such exemption or abatements as

may be claimed in respect of any assessinent or afssessements made at the

rate ofduty as expressed inschedule (B.) may be estimated in a just

proportion to the other duties charged by the other Schedules contained

Apportioning in this act; be it further enacted, That for the purposes of

abatement granting such exemptions or abatements , the profits and gains

equallyon arising from the occupation of lands or tenements, if in England ,

persons chargeable by Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed , shall be estimated at three-fourths

several sche of the annual value thereof; and if in Scotland , at one-half of

dules.

such annual value ; and after such estimate, such persons shall

be entitled to such exemptions as aforesaid, or to such abatement

as

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 835

as will reduce the fame in each cafe respectively in the propor-

tions stated in the foregoing table.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That every person hav- Abatements

-ing more than two children born in lawful wedlock, and bond for children .

fide maintained at the expence of such person, shall for every

child above two be entitled to the respective abatements follow-

ing, to be deducted from the amount of such person's assessment

under this act, in case such person shall be personally chargeable,

or to be allowed to such person on any payment that may be

made to him or her, from which deductions are by this act

authorised to be made, as the case may require ; (that is to say, )

where the aggregate annual amount of the profits or gains ofWhere the

annual aggre-

: such person , arising from all or any of the descriptions of profits gate amount

respectively charged by this act, whether such charge shall be is 601. and

made on such claimant personally or not, is sixty pounds or up- under 400l.

wards, and under four hundred pounds a year, there shall be for each child

above two

allowed for each child above two an abatement after the rate of41. per cent.;

four pounds per centum on such aggregate annual amount ; and 4007. and

: where such annual aggregate amount shall be four hundred under 1000!.

pounds and under one thousand pounds per annum, an abatement for each child

after the rate of three pounds per centum for each such child per cent.;

abovetwo 31.

above two ; and where such aggregate annual amount shall be 1000l . and

one thousand pounds and under five thousand pounds , an abate- under soool .

ment after the rate of two pounds per centum for each such child for each child

above two 21.

above two; and where such aggregate annual amount shall be percent.;

five thousand pounds or upwards , an abatement after the rate of 5000l. and up-

one pound per centum for each such child above two : provided wards, for

that such claimant shall, within such time as herein- after is di- each child

1 above two

rected, deliver a declaration in writing containing the whole 11. per cent.

number of such children, and their respective names and places

of residence, and which of them are a part of the family or re-

fide elsewhere as aforesaid : provided also, that the children by

any former marriage , either of the husband or wife, or of the

husband or wife deceased, shall equally entitle such person to the

benefit of such abatements as his or her own children .

یا

CXCVI. And, in order that due provision may be made for grant-

ing the said exemption or abatements in the cafes herein- before allow-

fed , be it further enacted, That every person claiming such Declarations

exemption or abatement as aforesaid, in respect of the duties to be made by

persons claim-

affessed upon him or her, shall , at the same time that the returns ing abate-

of the duty to be charged upon him or her shall be required to ments to the

be delivered , or in cafe no such returns shall be required of him commission-

or her, then within the time limited by this act for making returns erswho may

allow the

of the duty by other persons, or within such further time as the fame.

respective commissioners shall allow, deliver or cause to be delivered to the commissioners or to their clerk, at the place to be

appointed by them for that purpose, or to the assessors or assessorss

of the parish or place where such claimant shall reside, a decla-

✔ration in writing, signed by him or her, of his orher intention

to claim such exemption or abatement ; which declaration shall

be in such form as may be directed under the authority of his

3H2 act ,

836 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [1803 .

act, declaring therein the particular source or fources from

whence such profits and gains shall arise ; to which declaration

every surveyor or inspector shall have access to take copies of or

extracts from, under the like powers as in other cases ; and in

every case where the surveyor or inspector shall not object to

such declaration within fourteen days, or such further time as

the commissioners, onjust cause, shall allow to him to make such

objection, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to grant

such exemption, or to allow such abatements, and make an af-

sessment accordingly, as the case may require ; but in case the

surveyor or inspector shall object thereto in writing, suggesting

that he hath reason to believe that the sum or sums assessed on

such person is or are less than the sums on which the duty ought

to be charged, then and in such case, unless the major part of the

commissioners present at the time of taking such objection into

consideration shall see cause to disallow such objections, the me-

rits of such claim shall be heard upon appeal, subject to such

rules, regulations, and penalties , as other appeals under this act

are directed to be heard and determined.

Claim of

CXCVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in

abatement of every case where any person shall claim an abatement of any of

duties in sche- the duties contained in schedules (A) , (B), ( C) , or ( D), such

dules ( A ) ,( B), claim shall be preferred to, and heard and determined by the

( C), and (D) ,

maybeheard commissioners for the said duties, although the same person may

bythecom- also be entitled to an abatement of any of the duties contained

missioners, though the

in the said schedule marked ( E) ; and it shall be sufficient for

party maybe such person, in order to claim such abatements under all or any

entitled to of the said schedules, in such case to prefer his or her claim to

abatement of the commissioners for the duties contained in schedules ( A) ,

duties in

(B), (C), and (D), in the district where the charge on such

schedule (E) . person shall be imposed .

Commission- CXCVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the

ers to certify said respective commissioners shall adjudge, according to the

be allowed on

abatements to directions before mentioned, that any abatement of the said

duties cogni- duties ought to be allowed to any person or persons chargeable

zable by other to any of the said duties under their cognizance, in pursuance of

commissioners. a declaration by him or them delivered, and it shall appear to

them that such person or persons has or have been charged to

any of the duties by this act granted, which are cognizable by

any other commissioners, the commissioners making such adju-

dication shall certify the same to the other commissioners by

whom such person or persons shall have been charged; and such

certificate, signed by two or more of the commissioners making

such adjudications, shall, on delivery thereof to the said other

Persons guilty

commissioners , or at their office, be sufficient proof for the al-

of Fany fraud in lowance of a like abatement in the afsessment made by the said

making such last-mentioned commissioners ; and if any person or persons

claim or ob- shall be guilty of any fraud or contrivance in making such claim

taining such or in obtaining such certificate, he, she, or they so offending

certifcateto shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

forfeit 50 % . 15 CXCIX. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 837

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That every person Persons

claiming such exemption or abatement in respect of any deduc- claiming

abatements to

tions to which such person may be liable as aforesaid , out of any deliver in a

payment from which deductions are herein authorised to be declaration

Σ

made as aforesaid, shall within the like period, and in like manner specifying the

as aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered to the commissioners amount of

in the district where such person shall reside, adeclaration of his payments.

or her intention to make such claim ; and every such last-mentioned declaration shall specify the annual amount of every such

payment, and the name or names of the person or persons by

whom the fame is payable, which last-mentioned claim shall be

proceeded upon in like manner as is before directed : provided

that no such last-mentioned claim shall be allowed, unless the

claimant shall produce to the said commissioners, being duly

summoned by them for that purpose, the deed, instrument, or

security under which such payment as aforesaid thall be to be

made, or shall otherwise prove, to the satisfaction of the said

commissioners, that the fame is due and payable by virtue of a

charge, reservation, or contract as hereinafter mentioned; and Commission-

in case any such last-mentioned claim shall be allowed as afore- ers to grant

said, the commissioners for the purposes of his act, acting for

certificate of

such district, shall grant to such claimant a certificate, to be made abatement.

exemption or

out in such form as may be directed under the authority of this

act, stating therein the allowance of such exemption or abate-

✓ment, and the amount of the sum by which the duty of one

shilling for every twenty shillings thereof is diminished by such

✓ allowance ; and in every case where such claimant shall derive his

or her income for which such exemption or abatement is allowed

from different sources , or from different persons , a separate cer-

✓tificate in the form before prescribed shall be delivered for each

of such separate amounts, in a due proportion to the amount of

the same respectively, in order that each such certificate may be

✓ separately applied as herein directed in the discharge of the duty,

to be deducted therefrom, or so much thereof as shall be con-

Persons guilty

offraud in

tained in such certificate ; and if any person or persons shall be making claims

guilty of any fraud or contrivance in making such claim, or in or obtaining

✓ obtaining such last-mentioned certificate, he, she, or they so certificate to

offending shall forfeit the sum offifty pounds.

forfeit 50%.

CC. And be it further enacted, That every such certificate The produc-

tion ofcerti-

✓ which shall be delivered to the person by whom such payment, ficate shall be

out of which such deductions are allowed as aforesaid, is to be the authority

✓ made at the time of payment, shall be an authority to the person to claim the

delivering such certificate to claim and demand the amount ofallowance.

such allowance , together with the residue of such payment as

before directed, without any other or further deduction thereout

than such sums, if any, as shall remain chargeable on such clai-

mant above the amount of such allowance ; and such certificate

shall be transferable on every such payment as aforesaid to the

person or persons by whom any payments arising out of the

profits or gains charged in the fame affessment shall be made,

and so in succession, until the same shall be delivered to the person

10or

838 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [ 1803.

Whencerti- or persons so assessed : provided, that when such certificate shall

delivered by

ficate shall be in such course have been delivered to the person or persons so

theperson af- assessed , it shall be lawful for such persons respectively to produce

sessed, the

the said certificate to the commissioners acting for the district or

commissioners department in which any such assessiment has been made ; and the

are to reduce

of the district said commissioners, upon the delivery of the same to them, are

theassessment hereby authorised and required to reduce the said assessment, by

accordingly. the amount of the sum discharged by such certificate : provided

Or ifthe af-

that in cafe such certificate shall not be delivered to the party

fefsment has

assesled as aforesaid, until he or she shall have fully satisfied or

beendif-

paid the duty charged in such assessment, the said commissioners

charged , the acting for the district or department in which such affefsment

commissioners shall be made, shall and they are hereby empowered, after amend-

after-

wards amend ing the certificates of affeffinent, to order and direct the repay-

theaffeffinent , ment of such sum by the collector or other person to whom such

and order the duties have been paid, out of any money of the said duties in his

collector to

or their hands ; which order, under the hands of two or more of

repay the amount.

the said commissioners, shall be an authority for such repayments,

and the same shall be allowed to the collectors or other person

aforesaid in their accounts .

Refereesmay

fettle abatements, and

certify them

to the commissioners .

CCI . And be it further enacted, That where any person, who

shall have obtained an order of reference as herein-before is

directed, shall claim any such exemption or abatement, it shall

be lawful for such referees to settle and ascertain what allowance

such person is entitled unto, and to certify the same to the commissioners who shall have ordered such reference, who, on such

certificate, shall allow the fame accordingly, and proceed therein

as if such allowance had been granted by them in the first

instance.

Joint tenants,

CCII. And be it further enacted, That coparceners, joint

&c. may severallyclaim

tenants, or tenants in common of any property whatever, and

abatements .

any tenants of messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or

heritages, being in the occupation thereof in partnership, and

any partners carrying on trade, or exercising any profession to-

gether, may severally claim such exemptions or abatements,

according to their respective shares and interests ; and such

claims may be proceeded upon as in the cases of several in-

terests.

Claims may

CCIII. And be it further enacted, That any such claim or

bemade by attornies on

appeal may be made by any attorney, agent, or factor, on account

account of

of others, in any case where satisfactory proof shall be made be-

others.

fore the commissioners, that the party claiming such exemption

or abatement is unable to attend in person ; or such claim may

be made by the several persons acting in any of the characters

herein-before described, in such manner as they may act for

others, for the purpose of being assessed on their account in the

first instance, as herein-before directed.

Claims to

CCIV. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe of a

abatements to claim of abatement as aforesaid, if the commissioners thall think

be verified on

oath, if re-

proper to require a verification of the declaration to be so deli-

quired.vered as aforesaid, or of the statement delivered by the party or therein

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122 . 839

therein contained , or any part thereof , they shall give notice

thereof to the person or persons claiming such abatement, to

appear before them to verify such declaration or statement; and

every person to whom such notice shall be given, shall, and he

1

and the is hereby required to appear before the said commissioners, and on oath or solemn affirmation, to be administered by

one or more of the said commissioners, to verify the contents of

his or her declaration or statement ; and which oath or affirma-

tion shall be, that the contents of such declaration are true to

the best of his or her judgement or belief; and which oath or

affirmation shall be signed and subscribed with the proper name

of the party taking the same; provided such person shall be at

liberty to amend such declaration or statement, or any part

thereof , before he or she shall be required to take such oath or

affirmation as aforesaid.

CCV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when- Assessor may

ever the condition of any person residing in any parish or place, return persons

entitled to

and having any property in his or her occupation, or in the exemption,

occupation of his or her tenant or tenants, or occupying him where it can

or herself any lands in such parish or place as a tenant, shall be certified

be sufficiently known to the assessor or assessorss, and to the that the whole

minister and householder of such parish or place, to enable him of theirpro-

pertyis less

and them respectively to return or certify as hereinafter men- than 60l. per

tioned to the commissioners acting in the execution of this act, annum.

that such person hath no other property than the property in such

parish or place assessed on such person, or on his or her tenant

or tenants, as being in the whole less than sixty pounds per

annum, it shall be lawful for such afsessor or assessorss, on the

certificate of afssessment, to make a return of the name of such

person in case the duties to be paid by him or her shall be

chargeable on any other person or persons as a tenant or tenants,

and to set opposite thereto, or to set opposite to the name and

sum in the assessment ifthe person be charged to the said duties,

that such person hath no other property in such parish or place

than the property so distinguished, to the best of the knowledge

and belief of such assessors or assessors , and shall return the same,

together with the assessiment, and a certificate as hereinafter is

mentioned, to the commissioners for executing this act, in the

district where such afsessment shall be made ; and the said com- Commission-

missioners, before the allowance of any such assessment, or ers to exa-

making any order thereupon, shall examine the assessors or af mine assessorss

feffors, who shall respectively attend the commissioners for that touching the

property of

✓ purpose at such time as they shall appoint, touching the return persons re-

so made; and if the said commissioners shall from such examina- turned by

tion and from such certificate, as hereinafter is mentioned, be them under

60l . peran-

satisfied that such person is entitled to such exemption, and hath num; and if

no other profits chargeable under this act, it shall be lawful for satisfied that

them, after such proof thereof , to amend the assessiment which the party is

✓ shall have been made on such person in respect of any property entitled to

in his or her occupation, or the assessment which shall have beenexemption, to

made on his or her tenant in respect of the property so occupied, assessment.

as

840 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .

as contained in schedule (A); and every such person shall be

exempted accordingly.

Certificates

from thepa-

rish tobe

givenbefore

such exemp-

tionshall be

allowed.

CCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

before any such exemption shall be allowed, the assessors shall

produce to the said commissioners a certificate , under the hands

of five or more fubstantial householders of such parish or place,

in vestry or kirk session assembled, of whom the resident mi-

nister in such parish or place thall be one, but in cafe there shall

be no resident minister in such parish or place, then the church-

wardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place, or two

of them at the least, or two or more of the elders of such parish

or place, shall concur with such householders in such certificate ,

certifying thereby that they have carefully examined the affeff-

ment of the duties granted by this act, and the allegations

therein made by the assessors, touching such persons as thall be

therein stated to be entitled to such exemption ; provided, that

if in any parish or place there shall not be five substantial house-

holders, then such certificate may be made by the substantial

householders there residing; or if there shall be no church-

wardens or overseers of the poor for any parish or place in

England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, then such certificate

may be granted by the resident minister, or by any two church-

wardens or overseers of the poor of any adjoining parith or place,

who can certify the truth of such allegations in manner aforesaid,

concurring therein with the substantial householders residing in

the parish or place where such assessment shall be made.

Manner of

CCVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be

making ex-

necessary that any exemption or deduction herein allowed other

emptions or deductions

than the exemptions and abatements in respect of the amount of

available

income, should be extended to enable the party to obtain the be-

where the

nefit thereof , on any payments that may be made out of the pro-

claim is on

perty, profits , or gains, hereby charged, of any other person or

payments made by others .

persons , it shall be lawful for the respective commissioners before

whom such exemption or deduction shall be proved, and they

are hereby required, on allowance thereof , to grant a certificate

thereof , or separate certificates, as the cafe may require , under

the hands of any two or more of them, stating therein respectively

the amount of any such payment to which such claimant shall

be entitled, and the amount of duty discharged by each such certificate, in the form and to the effect, mutatis mutandis, of the

certificates, directed to be delivered in other cases of exemption ;

and all persons to whom such certificates shall be delivered are

hereby empowered and required to make their payments, with-

out claiming the deduction before authorised to be made there-

out, to the extent of the fum discharged by each such certificate,

which certificate shall be received by all persons making such

payment successively, and shall, in the hands of any person mak-

ing such payment, be of the like effect, either by transferring the

same to others in the course prescribed, or by delivery thereof

to the respective commissioners, for the purpose of vacating an

assessiment, or any part thereof , to the extent of the sum discharged as

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 841

as aforesaid , in the manner directed in such other cases of ex-

cmption. CCVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon annuities, Chargingwith

yearly interest ofmoney, or other annual payments, whether such duty all an-

interest

payments shall be payable within or out of Great Britain, either not otherwise

as a charge on any property of the person or persons paying charged and

the fame, or as a reservation thereout, or as a personal debt or ob- providing for

ligation by virtue of any contract, or whether the same shall be thereof by

the payment

received and payable half -yearly, or at any shorter or more dif- a mode of

tant periods, there shall be charged for every twenty shillings ofdeduction.

the annual amount thereof the fum of one shilling, without de-

-duction, according to and under and subject to the provisions by

which the duty in schedule (D. ) may be charged ; provided, that

in every cafe where the same shall be payable by any person or

persons out of any profits or gains charged by virtue of this act ,

no assessment shall be made upon such annuity, interest, or other

annual payment, but the whole duty due in respect of such profits

or gains shall be charged without regard to such annual payment ;

and the person so liable to make such annual payment shall be authorised to deduct out of such annual payment, at the rate of one

shilling for every twenty shillings of the amount thereof , except

where the party to whom the paymentis to be made shall produce a

certificate of exemption or abatement, as herein-before is mentioned ; and the person or persons to whom such payments are to

be made, shall allow such deduction upon the receipt of the re-

fidue of such money, and the person charged to the said duties

shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as such de-

duction shall amount unto, as if the amount thereof had actually

been paid unto the person or persons to whom such payment

shall have been due and payable ; and where any person having

allowed such deductions on account of any such annual payment

as aforesaid, or being liable to allow the same, shall himself be

liable to make any such payment, whether charged upon such

first -mentioned annual payment, or reserved thereout, or payable as a debt or obligation by virtue of any contract as aforesaid,

then and in every such cafe, and so on upon each successive payment to be made thereout, there shall be deducted the like pro-

portion thereof as aforesaid, at the rate before mentioned, which

deduction and deductions shall be allowed in discharge of so much

money as such deductions shall respectively amount unto in the

same manner as is provided in respect of the first deduction ;

but in every case where any annual payment as aforesaid shall ,

by reason of the fame being charged on any property or security

in Ireland, or in the British plantations, or in any other of his

Majesty's dominions, or on any foreign property or foreign se-

curity , or otherwise, be received or receivable without any such

deduction as aforesaid, there shall be charged upon such interest,

annuity, or other annual payment as aforesaid , the duty before

mentioned, according to and under and subject to the provisions,

by which the duty in schedule (D.) may be charged .

CCIX. And

842 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .

Deductions CCIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be

out ofinterest proved to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners,

ofmoney and

otherpayment acting for the purposes of his act in the district where any person

in certain

making the application shall reside, that any interest of money ,

cafes .

annuity , or other annual payment, shall be annually paid out of

the profits and gains bonâ fide accounted for and charged by

virtue of this act, at the rate and according to the rules specified

in schedule (D.), without any deduction on account thereof , it

shall be lawful for such commissioners to grant a certificate there-

of under their hands or the hands of any two or more of them,

in such form as shall be directed under the authority of his act ;

which certificate shall entitle the person so assessed, upon payment

of such interest, annuity, allowance, or stipend, to abate and de-

duct so much thereof as a like rate on such interest , annuity, allowance, or stipend, would amount unto ; and all persons to

whom such interest, annuity , allowance, or stipend, shall be paid,

shall allow such deductions and payments upon receipt of the

residue of such interest , annuity, allowance, or ftipend ; and the

person or persons paying the same shall be acquitted and dif-

charged of so much money as a like rate thereon would amount

unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto the person or per-

fons to whom such interest, annuity, allowance, or stipend, thall

have been due and payable; provided no such certificate shall be

required where such payments are to be made out of the profits

or gains arising from lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heri-

tages, as before mentioned, or of any office or employment of

profit, or out of any annuity, pension, stipend, or any dividend or

share in such publick annuities as are herein mentioned ; but

such deductions may be made without having obtained such certificate .

Affefsments

CCX. And be it further enacted, That every affefsment tobe

to be for one

yearpayable

made under this act , within the year appointed for making the

by four in- ftalments ;

fame, shall be deemed to be for the current year, and thall be in

force for such year ; and every affefsment made after the expira-

tion of any year in which the fame ought to have been made,

through the default of any person, shall be deemed to be for the

whole of the year current when the afsessment ought to have been

made, and such year shall commence from the fifth day of

Aprilone thousand eight hundred and three, for the first assessment,

and for every subsequent afsessment during the continuance of

this act, from the fifth day of April in such year ; and the said

duties whichshall be chargedin England ,Wales , and Berwick- upon-

Tweed, except where the same shall be detained and stopped at

the respective offices, shall be payable by four quarterly instal-

ments, at the times following, (videlicet) on or before the twen-

tieth day of June for the first quarterly instalment ; on or before

the twentieth day of September for the second quarterly instal-

ment ; on or before the twentieth day of December for the third

quarterly instalment ; on or before the twentieth day of March

for the last quarterly instalment in each year ; and in Scotland , the

said duties shall be payable by two half -yearly instalments, (vide- licet )

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 843

- licet ) on or before the twentieth day of September for the first except thedu-

half -yearly instalment, and on or before the twentieth day of ties contained

in schedule(C),

March for the last half-yearly instalment ; the payment thereof which are to

for the first year's assessment to be regulated as to the propor- be paid half-

- tion of the sums and times of payment by the respective commif- yearly at the

time the divi-

fioners, pursuant to the directions herein- before contained: pro- dends are pay

vided always, that in respect of the duties contained in schedule able.

( C. ) the duties thereon shall be payable half -yearly, and at such

times as the dividends in respect whereof they shall be charged

are payable.

CCXI. And be it further enacted, That if any difference Commission-

shall arise between tenant and landlord, or any other person or ers to fettle

persons to whom any interest, rent, rent-charge, annuity, fee-farm differencesbe-

tween land-

rent, rent-service, quit -rent, feu-duty, or other rent or annual lord and te-

payment shall be payable, touching the fums to be deducted nant, or per-

thereout on account of the duties hereby charged , having been fons to whom

paid, the said respective commissioners, or any two or more in any interest,

rent -charge,

their several districts, shall have authority, and they are hereby or other an-

required to fettle the proportions between such payments and de- nual payment

ductions as snall be according to the directions of this act; and shall be made.

the judgement and determination of such commisfioners shall be

final.

CCXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contracts be

contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord and tenant, tween land-

1

ىل

or any other persons touching the payment of taxes and affeff . lord and te-

nants or

ments, to be charged on their respective premises, shall be deemed other persons

orconstrued to extend to the duties by this act charged thereon, not to be

nor to be binding contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, binding con-

but that all such duties shall be charged upon and paid by the re - tra

trary to this

act.

spective occupiers, subject to such deductions and re-payments as

are by this act authorised and allowed ; and all such deductions

and re- payments shall be made and allowed accordingly, not-

withstanding such contracts, covenants, or agreements.

CCXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the computation What deduc-

ofduty to be made under this act in any of the cafes before mentions shallnot

tioned, either by the party making the fame, or by the referees be allowed on

making the

appointed under this act, or by the respective commissioners , it estimates .

shall not be lawful to make any other deductions therefrom than

such as are expressly enumerated in this act ; nor to make any

deduction which by any of the rules contained in the said schedules, orin this act, are directed not to be allowed or made ; nor

1

to make any deduction on account of any annual interest, an-

nuity, or other annual payments, to be paid to any person or

persons out of any profits or gains chargeable by this act, except the interest of debts due to foreigners not resident in Great

Britain , in regard that a proportionate part of the duty so to be

charged is allowed to be deducted on making such payments ;

nor to make any deduction from the profit or gains arising from

any property herein described ; nor from any office or employ-

ment of profit on account of loss or diminution of capital employed in any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern ; nor

for

844 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

for any fums employed, or intended to be employed as capital, or

in improvement of premises occupied for the purpose of such trade

or manufacture.

Parents and

CCXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any person or

guardians liable for in-

persons chargeable with the duties hereby made payable as

fants, and

aforesaid shall be under the age of twenty-one years, or where

executors'

any persons so chargeable shall die, in every such case the parents,

for persons dying.

guardians , or tutors of such infants respectively, upon default of

payment by such infants, and the executors and administrators

of the persons so dying, shall be and are hereby made liable to

and charged with the payments which the said infants ought to

have made, or the persons so dying were chargeable with ; and if

such parents, guardians, or tutors, or such executors or admini-

strators , shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful

to proceed against them in like manner as against any other per-

fon or persons making default of payment of the said duties ; and

all parents , guardians , or tutors, making payment as aforesaid,

shall be allowed all and every fum and sums paid for such infants,

in his, her, or their accounts, and all executors and administra-

tors thall be allowed to deduct all such payments out of the affets ,

of the persons so dying .

Persons giving CCXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person upon

false evidence

or swearing any such examination on oath or affirmation, or in any such affi-

falsely liable davit, deposition, or affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly give

to the penal- false evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any

ties ofperjury. matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person

so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is

hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penal-

ties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and

corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Indictments

may be tried

in the county

where the affi-

davit was ex-

hibited.

CCXVI. And be it further enacted, That any indictment or

information for perjury committed in any such affidavit, deposi-

tion, or affirmation as aforesaid, whether the same shall be taken

or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid,

tried, and determined, in the county where such affidavit, depofi-

tion, or affirmation, shall be exhibited to the commissioners in

pursuance of this act.

Punishment of CCXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

persons guilty persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to procure to

forging or

altering certi be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully

ficates or re- act or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any cer-

ceipts given tificate or certificates of the said commissioners acting in the ex-

under this act. ecution of this act, authorising or purporting to authorise any

allowance, abatement, or exemption under this act, or the re-

ceipt of any fum or fums contained in any certificate or certificates of the said commissioners, after the same shall have been

delivered by the said commissioners, or any cheque delivered by

the said commissioners, or the name or names therein of any re-

feree or referees appointed under this act, or any indorsement on

any cheque delivered by the said commissioners, or the sum or fums

indorsed thereon by the referees, or any certificate or receipt

which

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 845

- which the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, or any re-

ceiver-general, or his deputy, are or is by this act authorised

to give on the receipt of any money payable under this act ;

or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate

or cheque, or any such certificate or cheque, with such forged,

counterfeited, or altered indorsement, or fum therein or thereon ,

or any such receipt, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his

⚫ heirs, or fuccessors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate,

✓ or any person whomsoever, then and in every such cafe all and

- every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully

convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony , and shall be tranf-

- ported for the term of fourteen years .

CCXVIII. And whereas his Majesty's subjects residing out of

Great Britain , and others, may be desirous ofvoluntarily contributing

1

towards the purposes of this act ; be it further enacted, That Voluntary

it shall be lawful for any person or persons, body corporate contributions

or politick, and at any time or times during the continuance maybe re-

ceived at the

of this act, to pay or cause to be paid to the said governor or Bank .

company, or to their cashier or cashiers, or other person or persons to be authorised by them, any sum or fums of money, as

and for a voluntary contribution for the purpose of carrying on

the war, and in such cafe to require a certificate or certificates

for the fame, acknowledging the payment of such voluntary contribution, which sums to be paid as aforesaid, for which such

certificates shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be

voluntary contributions of such persons, body politick or corpo-

rate, respectively, towards effecting the purposes of this act, and

shall be applied as the other monies paid into the bank of England

by virtue of this act may be applied.bogr

CCXIX. And be it further enacted, That the governors and Bank to open

directors of the bank of England shall open an account in their an account with the trea-

books with the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the fury.

time being, for each year during the continuance of this act,

لا

under the title of " The Commissioners of the Treasury, on

Account of Contributions granted and allowed by Parliament

for the Year " and shall carry

to the credit of such account all the monies authorised by this

act to be paid to the governor and company of the said bank of

England , or to their cashier or cashiers, or other person or persons

1

to be authorised by them, within each such year during the

continuance of this act.

CCXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Voluntary

for any person or persons at any time or times during the con- maybe paid

contributions

1

tinuance of this act charged to or liable to the payment of any at the time of

of the duties by this act granted, to pay or cause to be paid to paying the

the said governor and company, or to their cashier or cashiers, duties into the

or other person or persons to be authorised by them, any fum or

Bank.

sums of money on account of such duties, and to require a

certificate of such payments ; and all fums so paid, not exceeding

the amount of such duties, shall be deemed and taken to be on

account of such duties, and in advance of the fame ; and the

1

1excess

846 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803. 18 :

excess of the sums paid above the amount of the said duties

shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary contributions towards

the purposes of this act ; and the certificates to be given upon

the said payment shall, upon delivery thereof to the respective

20

commissioners, or at their office, be an acquittance and discharge

for fo much and such parts of the said duties as the person deli-

20

vering the same shall indorse thereon.

Onecertificate

CCXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the payment

orfeparate certificates

of any such sum of money as aforesaid into the said bank of

shall be given England , the cashier or cashiers, or other person receiving the

220

at the Bank as fame, shall give such certificates as aforesaid, signed by them

required.

respectively for the whole of the sums so paid, or separate certi-

2

ficates in like form for such portions thereof , as shall be required,

which certificates shall severally be cut off indentwise from the

counter cheques thereof , which counter cheques are to remain

with the said governor and company ; and every such certificate

shall be denominated in the body thereof , to be on account of

に

payments made into the said Bank in discharge of the duties al-

sesled by virtue of this act, the excess of the said duties being to

be considered as a voluntary contribution .

On delivery of CCXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the delivery

certificates to of any such certificate as last aforesaid to the said commissioners, or

the commif-

fioners the

at their office, in discharge of the whole of the said duties assessed

clerk to give

or charged upon the person or persons delivering or causing to

areceipt ,

be delivered such certificate, or any part thereof , the said com-

which shall be missioners or their clerk shall, if required, indorse in writing on

adifcharge for the back of the certificate to be given by them or him in such

the duties.

cafe, the amount of the number of instalments of the said duties

to be discharged by such payments ; which receipts of the said

mace of land commissioners , or their clerks as aforesaid, shall be received,

without further proof, as evidence of such payments in all courts

-6

and places, and before all persons whatever.

Monies paid

CCXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the monies which

todeputy receivers or

shall by virtue of this act be received by any deputy or deputies

collectors to

to any receiver-general, or by any collector or collectors to be

be paid to receivers-

appointed as aforesaid, shall be paid, under the regulations of the

said recited acts of the present session of parliament respectively ,

general.

to the receiver- general appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty , his heirs or successors , and at such times and in such man-

ner as is directed by the said recited acts respectively.

Monies stop-

CCXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all monies stopped

pedat the receiptof exchequer ,

at the receipt of the exchequer in pursuance of this act, shall be

paid over to the proper officer in the said receipt, to be applied

andpaid at

to such services as the other monies paid into the said receipt

the Bank, to

may be applied ; and the cashier or cashiers of the said bank of

be paid over

England shall , from time to time, pay into the receipt of his

to the proper

Majesty's exchequer all such monies as shall be paid into the said

officer the exchequer.

bank in pursuance of this act, within one week after such payment shall be made.

Allowances

CCXXV. And be it further enacted, That every collector

to officers for shall have three- pence in the pound for what money of the several

collection.

duties

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 847

duties aforesaid he shall pay to the receiver-general, his deputy Collectors to

or deputies; and that for the careful writing and transcribing have 3d . in

the said assessments, warrants , estreats, and duplicates, in duethepound .

time , and for the due, speedy, and effectually executing all mat-

ters and things directed to be performed under the said commif-

fioners, the clerk of the respective commissioners who shall perform the fame within the respective times limited by this act,

shall, by warrant under the hands of two or more of the com- Clerks 1d. 29.

missioners, have and receive from the respective receivers -general, in the pound.

theirdeputy or deputies, three halfpence in the pound of all such

1

monies of the said several duties as he shall have received by vir-

tue of such warrants or certificates, who is hereby appointed and

allowed to pay the same accordingly; provided this act be car- No person to

ried into execution in due time, and in an effectual manner, for have any

the district in which he shall be appointed the clerk, and all war- part of such poundage ,

rants or estreats to be made, and the duplicates to be delivered except the

to the receiver- general, and into the office of King's remem- clerk or his

brancer as aforesaid, within the times limited by this act, and assistant.

not otherwise ; and no person, except the assistant or assistants Clerks not to

to such clerk (if any) mall, under any pretence whatever, be have any fee

or perquisite.

entitled to any part of the reward hereby given to such clerk, No poundage

which compensations shall be apportioned and fettled by the to be allowed

respective commissioners ; nor shall such clerk , under any pre- on fums stop-

3tence whatever, demand, take, or receive any fee, gratuity , or ped at the

perquisite, for any matter or thing to be done by him by virtue Bank or ex-

and under the authority of this act, from any person or persons chequer, oron

paid into

other than the receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, in man- the Bank.

ner aforesaid: provided always , that no such compensation shall Receivers to

be made to any collector in respect of any fum or fums detained have no allow-

or stopped at the bank of England, or at the receipt of exchequer, ance, except

or in respect of any fums paid by the respective parties into the by the warrant

the lords of

said Bank, nor to any receiver, other than such fum or sums as the treasury.

shall be directed to be paid to the receivers or officers concerned

✔ therein, by the warrant of three or more of the commissioners of

the treasury , or the high treasurer for the time being, for their

pains and care in executing of this act.

CCXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the payment of Payment of

any of the duties made payable by this act , by any person or

duties not to

confer afet-

persons in any parish or place, shall not entitle the person or tlement.

- persons so paying such duties to a settlement in such parish or

place . CCXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Recovery of

penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act shall and may be penalties .

sued for, recovered, and applied, in such manner and form as is

directed by the said recited acts respectively, in regard to the

pecuniary penalties and forfeitures thereby imposed.

CCXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arif- Monies arising

ing by the said respective duties and contributions (the necessary fromduties to

charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall be paid into exchequer.

from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-

chequer at Westminster , distinctly and apart from all other branches

848 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [ 1803.

branches of the publick revenues ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of

exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising

from the said duties and contributions, and paid into the said re-

ceipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all

other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors, upon any account whatever ; and the said monies so paid

into the said receipt shall from time to time, as the same shall

be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such fer-

vices as shall then have been voted by the commons of the

united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the present sef-

fion of parliament for the service of the year one thousand eight

hundred and three, or shall be voted by the said commons for

the service of any subsequent year ; and the commissioners of his

Majesty's treasury , now or for the time being, or any three or

more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being , are or is

hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the fame

accordingly : provided always, that out of the monies from time

Commission- to time arisen or to arise of or for the said duties made payable

ers of the

by this act, it shall be lawful to and for the said commissioners

treasury to

fettle low

of the treasury , or any three or more of them now or for the time

ance for fur-

being, or the high treasurer for the time being, to settle and ap-

veyors and

point such salaries and allowances for the service , pains, and

other officers labour of the surveyors, inspectors, and other officers to be em-

employed in

theexecution ployed in the execution of this act, and otherwise in relation

of the act, and thereto, and also to discharge such incident charges and expences

to discharge as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, as the said

incidental commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or

expences .

the high treasurer for the time being, shall think fit and reason-

_able in that behalf .

No person to CCXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no letters-patent

be exempt by granted by his Majesty, or any of his royal progenitors, or to be

letters - patent. granted by his Majesty, to any person or persons , cities , bo-

roughs, or towns corporate, within this realm, of any manner

of liberties, privileges, or exemptions from subsidies, tolls , taxes,

7

afssessinents , or aids, shall be construed or taken to exempt any

person or persons, city, borough , or town corporate, or any of

the inhabitants of the fame, trom the burden and charges of

any of the said duties ; and all non obstantes in such letters- patent

made or to be made in bar of this act, are hereby declared to

be void and of none effect : any such letters-patent, grants, or

charters, or any clause of non obstante, or other matter or thing

therein contained, or any law or statute to the contrary notwith-

Provisions

standing. CCXXX. And be it further enacted, That every provision

applied to any in this act contained and applied to the duty in any particular

particular schedule may schedule, which shall also be applicable to the duty in any other

extend to any schedule, and not repugnant to the provisions for charging,

other schedule ascertaining, or levying the duty in such other schedule, shall, in

in charging charging, ascertaining, and levying the same, be applied as fully

theduty. and effectually as if the application thereof had been so expressly

and

1

1

5

4

11

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 849

and particularly directed, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXXXI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall Commence-

commence and take effect from and after the fifth day of April ment and ice

one thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue to be of act.

in force during the present war, and until the sixth day of May

next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, and no

longer.

CCXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any Act may be

of the provisions thereof , may be altered, varied, or repealed, altered in this

by any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parlia- session.

ment.

CCXXXIII . And be it further enacted, That the schedule Schedule (F. )

hereinafter mentioned, marked (F.), shall be deemed a part of to be deemed

this act, as if the fame had been inserted herein under a special part of his

act.

enactment : provided, that the several oaths therein mentioned

shall be deemed, and understood, and taken to refer only to the

duties contained in schedule (D.), and to such other duties as

are directed to be charged under the fame provisions and regu

lations.

SCHEDULE ( F. )

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by Schedule (F. )

the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and by Ad-

ditional Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof in

respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (D. )

A. B. do swear or affirm, [ as the cafe may be] That I will Oath to be

"I truly, faithfully , Impartially thringilltaken bycom

the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the powers and purposes of

missioners for

authorities vested in me by an act, passed in the forty-third year the act, and

of his present Majesty, intituled [here fet forth the title of his act], additional

and that I will exercise the powers entrusted to me by the said commissioners

act in such manner only as shall appear to me necessary for the acting in

respect of the

due execution of the fame ; and that I will judge and determine duties con-

upon all matters and things which shall be brought before me tained in

under the said act, without favour, affection, or malice ; and schedule ( D. )

that I will not disclose any particular contained in any schedule;

statement, or declaration delivered, with respect to any duties

charged under the provisions and regulations relating to schedule ( C. ) or ( D.) , or any evidence or answer given by any

person who shall be examined, or shall make affidavit, depo-

sition, or affirmation respecting the fame , in pursuance of the

said act, excepting in such cases, and to such persons only, who

shall be sworn to the due execution of this act, and where it

shall be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of this act,

or to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or in order to

or in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed in such

examination, affidavit, deposition, or affirmation.

So help me GOD. "

VOL. XLIV.

3 I FORM

850 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .

Schedule (F. ) FORM of OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by

Inspectors and Surveyors as aforesaid.

Form of oath "

tobe taken by IA. B. do swear, or affirm, That in the execution of an

here

inspectors and amine and revise all fatements, schedules, and declarations, de-

surveyors. livered within my district, and in objecting to the fame I will

act according to the best of myinformation and knowledge; and

that I will conduct myself without favour, affection , or malice,

and that I will exercise the powers entrusted to me by the said

act, in such manner only as shall appear to me to be necessary

for the due execution of the same, or as I hall be directed by

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more

of them; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in

any statement , declaration, or schedule, with respect to any

duties charged under the provisions and regulations relating to

schedules ( C. ) or (D.) , or any evidence or answer given by any

person who shall be examined, or shall make affidavit, depofi-

tion, or affirmation respecting the same, in pursuance of the said

act, except in such cases, and to such persons only , who shall

be sworn to the due execution of this act, and where it shall

be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of the said act,

or to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or in order to

or in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed in such

examination, affidavit, deposition, or affirmation .

So help me GOD."

Oath tobe

66 FORM of OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by

Assessor as aforesaid.

A. B. do swear, or affirm , That in the execution of an

taken byaf-

feffors.

I will in all respects act diligently and honestly, and without

favour or affection, to the best of my knowledge and belief ; and

that I will not disclose any particular contained in any statement

or schedule delivered to me in the execution of the said act ,

except in such cases only, and to such persons where it shall be

necessary to difclose the fame for the purposes of the said act, or

in order to or in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed in any matter relating to such statement or schedule.

So help me GOD. "

FORM of OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by the

Collectors or the Deputies to the Receivers-General appointed

under this Act as aforesaid .

Oath tobe

taken by col-

A. B. do swear, or affirm, That in the execution of an

lectors and the

66 I intelearnerThai

deputies to receivers-

Iwill not disclose any affessment , or the amount of any fum

paid or to be paid by any individual under the said act, or the

general. books

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 851

books of assessment which shall be delivered to me in the exe- Schedule (F. )

cution of the said act with respect to any duties charged under

the provisions and regulations relating to schedules ( C. ) or ( D. ),

except in such cases, and to such persons only who shall be

sworn to the due execution of the said act, and where it shall be

necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of the said act, or

to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or in order to or

in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed in such ex-

amination or affidavit.

So help me GOD. "

1

FORM of OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by a

Clerk or Clerk's Assistant to the Commissioners as aforesaid.

"IA . B. do swear, or affirm, That I will diligently an Oath tobe

faithfully execute the office of a clerk or affistant clerk taken by the

clerk or

[ as the cafe may be] , according to an act, passed in the clerk's assist-

forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ant.

act (here setforth the title of this att], to the best of my know-

ledge and judgement, and that I will not difclose any particular

contained in any statement, declaration, or schedule, or any evi-

dence or answer given by any person who shall be examined, or

shall make affidavit , deposition, or affirmation respecting the

fame, except in such cases where I shall be directed so todoby

the regulations of the said act, or any two or more of the commissioners under whom I act, or in order to and in the course

of a prosecution for perjury committed on such examination,

affidavit, deposition, or affirmation . So help me GOD. "

1

FORM of OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by Re-

ferees appointed to settle Contributions under this Act .

A. B. do swear, or affirm, That I will truly , faithfully , Form of Rea66

" I partially benim hating will befully,

feree's oath.

skill and knowledge, investigate, and settle the amount of the

contribution to be paid by [naming the party] to the duties

chargeable on the profits arising to the said

from [here describe the particular profession, trade, &c. or the particular property to be accountedfor] , in pursuance of the order of

1 reference, appointing me a referee under the powers of an act,

passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled [ hereset forth the title of this act] : and that in in-

vestigating the same, I will allow no deductions to be made

which are directed not to be allowed by the said act ; and that I

will not difclose any particular contained in the said account, or

the amount of the said contribution, excepting in such cases,

and to such persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose

the amount thereof for the purposes of the said act.

So help me GOD. "

312

FORM

852 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. [ 1803.

Schedule (F) . FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to be taken by a

Third Referee, appointed for Payment of the Contribution

fettled.

Oath tobe

taken by a

third referee.

" I A. B. do swear, or affirm, That I will bonâ fide pay or

cause to be paid , according to the directions of an act ,

passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act [bere set forth the title of this act] , into

the bank of England, the amount of the contribution settled to

be paid by [naming the party] on the reference to which I am

added a third referee, for the purpose of securing such payment;

and that I will not disclose any particular relating to the said

contribution, except in such cases, and to such persons only

where it may be necessary to disclose the amount thereof for

the purposes of this act. So help me GOD. "

Schedule (G.) And be it further enacted, That the schedule hereinafter

tobe observed mentioned, marked (G. ), with the several rules, directions, and

in making re- marks and references therein contained, shall, in making returns

turns of the amount of

of the amount of duty payable by any person, be observed as far

duty payable. as the same are applicable to the case of the person making such

return; and that such notices and forms, and all other notices

and forms required by this act, shall from time to time be delivered, or caused to be delivered, from the office for taxes, according to the form and effect following, or in such other form

as shall be conformable to the directions of this act, and in such

other cases as shall be required by this act.

SCHEDULE

८

853

1803.] Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 1

SCHEDULE (G. )

No. 1. -LIST containing the proper

name of every lodger, inmate, and

other person resident in the dwell-

ing - house, except servants not hav-

ing any property or profits charge-

able by virtue of the act .

1

CHRISTIAN AND SURNAMES.

No. 2.-LIST containing the proper

name and place of residence of

15

every infant, idiot, lunatick, or

3 married woman, living with her

husband, and other person having

any property chargeable by virtue

of the act, of which I am in receipt

as trustee, agent, receiver, guar-

dian, tutor, curator, or committee ;

and also the name or names of such

persons who are joined with me in

such trust.

Description and

Residence of Per-

fons being respectively resident in Name or Names

Name or Names Great Britain, of In- of Trustees, &c.

of Persons above fants, Idiots, Luna- joined with me

described. ticks, married Wo- in such Trust,

men living with &c.

their Husbands, or

other Persons aforesaid.

854 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

SCHEDULE ( G. ) -continued.

No. 3. -Lift containing the proper

name of every infant, idiot, lunatick,

and other person not resident in

Description and

Residence of Per-

Name or Names fons being respec- Name orNames

ofPersons above tively not resident of Trustees , &c .

described. n Great Britain , or joined with me

Infants, Idiots, Lu-fin such Trust ,

naticks, or other &c.

Persons aforesaid.

Great Britain, having an income

chargeable by virtue of the act, of

which I am in the receipt as truf-

tee, agent, receiver , guardian, tu-

tor, curator, or committee ; and

also the name or names of such

persons who are joined with me in

such trust.

No. 4.-LIST containing the proper

description of every body politick,

corporate, or collegiate, company,

fraternity, fellowship, or society,

whether corporate or not corporate,

having an income chargeable by

virtue of the act, of which I am in

receipt as treasurer, auditor, or re-

ceiver.

Description of bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, companies,

fraternities, fellowships, whether

corporate or not corporate.

No. 5. -I A. B. do declare, that I am chargeable for

in the

of

and that I am desirous of being charged before the

commissioners acting for

( or by referees whom I have named.)

( Signed)

The foregoing lifts and declarations are to be delivered to the afssfefssors.

ン

6

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122. 855

SCHEDULE (G.) -continued.

No. 6. -FORM of STATEMENT to be delivered under cover, sealed

up, either at the office of the commissioners or to the assessorss.

General Declaration .

Ido declare, that I am not poffefsed of any property, nor engaged in any

profession, trade, adventure, or concern, of which I am required or ought

to deliver any statement according to the above-mentioned act.

Declaration of the Party to be

charged.

I do declare, that the duty charge-

Amount of Duty estimated as within mentioned , as arising from the respective sources described .

(Signed )

able on the full amount of my

profits and gains, estimated ac-

I.

From my property in the public funds , for

which I amdefirous of being charged by

the commissioners .

Es.d.

Annual amount, not exceeding

Duty thereon at is. for every 205.

cording to the directions and

rules of the above-mentioned

act, is, to the best of myjudge-

ment and belief , contained in the

within account, and is derived

from the severalsources separately

$

and distinctly as the same are described in thewithin account, and

2.

From interest of money, annuites and other

annual payments derived from property

out of Great Britain, or from other payments not chargeable.

L.s.d.

Amount thereof , not exceeding

Dutythereon at 15. for every 205.

that the annual amount thereof

is truly stated in the respective

columns to which the same relate

as being applicable to mycafe.

Dated this day of

one thousand eight hundred and

3. From my profeffion of

bymeat

Amountforone year, not exceeding

Duty thereon at Is. for every 20s .

exercised

( Signed )

Declaration of Trustees , &c. of

Trust, Property, &c .

4 .

From my trade of

onbyme at V

Amount for one year on an ave-

rage of three years , not exceeding

Duty thereon at 15. for every 205.

carried

£ d.

I do declare, that the full amount

of the profits and gains of (here

flate the name of the party) for

whom I am (here fetforthwhether

trustee, guardian, tutor, curator,

or committee, agent or receiver of

any person being an infant, married

woman, lunatick, idiot, or insane)

estimated according to the directions and rules of the above-mentioned

5. From property ofan uncertain annualvalue,

consisting of

Amount thereof for one year, ors.d.

on an average , as the cafe may

require, not exceeding

Duty thereon at Is. for every 205.

6. From

856 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803 .

SCHEDULE ( G. )-continued.

tioned act , are, to the best of my

judgement and belief, contained

in the within account, and are

derived from the several fources

described in the within account,

and the annual amount thereof,

stated in the respective columns to

which the fame relates, being applicable to the case of ( state the

Amount of Duty estimated as within mentioned , as arising from the respective sources described .

6. From canals , inland navigations, streams of

water, or water- worksofa publick nature .

16.s.d.

Annual amount not exceeding

Duty thereon, at 1s. for every 205 .

name of the party) .

Datedthis day of

one thousand eight hundred and

( Signed)

7.

Mines of coal , &c. falt springs or works,

alum mines or works (not included in

schedule A. )

Annual amount for one year, or

on an average, as the cafe may

require , not exceeding

Duty thereon, at 15. for every 205.

16.15.12 .

Declaration of Officers acting for

Corporate Bodies, &c.

I do declare, that the duty charge

able on the full amount of the

profits and gains of the ( fit forth

8.

From securities in Ireland, the British plan-

tations or other his Majesty's dominions.

16./sold .

whether body politick, corporate, or

collegiate, company, fraternity, fel

Annual amount not exceeding

Duty thereon, at ss. for every 205.

lowship orfociety, corporate or not

corporate ) for whom I act as (trea-

furer , auditor, or receiver), estima-

ted according to the directions

9.

Frompoffeffions in Ireland, the British plan-

tations or other his Majesty's dominions.

and rules of the above- mentioned

act , are, to the best of my judge-

s.d

ment and belief , contained in the

within account, and are derived

Annual amount not exceeding -

Duty thereon , at 1s. for every 205.

from the several fources describ-

ed, and the annual amount there-

of , is truly stated in the respective

10.

columns to which the fame re-

From foreign securities .

late, being applicable to the case

Los.do

of ( fet forth whether body politick,

corporate, or collegiate, company,

Annual amount not exceeding

Duty thereon, at Is . for every 205.

fraternity, fellowship orfociety, corporate or not corporate ) .

II.

Dated this day of

From foreign possessions .

one thousand eight hundred and

Ks.fd.

( Signed)

Annual amount not exceeding

Dutythereon, at 1s. for every 205 .

1A. B. 12. From

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 857

SCHEDULE (G. ) -continued.

1A. B. do declare, that the nature

of my property or profits account-

ed for in the twelfth column,

1

arises from (herestate the nature

thereof ), and that Ihave computed

Amount of Duty , & c .

12.

From property or profits not coming with.

inany of the foregoing cafes.

16.5.d.

the amount thereof according to

Annual amount not exceeding

Duty thereon, at 1s. for every 205.

( here state the grounds ofcomputa-

tation), on the receipts of (here

✓ Statewhether on an average or not ) .

1

(Signed )

No. 7. -DECLARATION to be delivered by the precedent acting partner

of a concern in trade or manufacture resident in Great Britain, or by the

agent for such concern, if none of the partners are resident in Great Britain .

I

Name of Partners. Residence of Partners .

living at

do declare, that the duty chargeable

on the whole profits and gains of the

trade or manufactureherein mentioned,

carried on in partnership with the persons and at the place specified , is esti-

1 mated according to the directions of

the act to the best of my judgement

and belief .

Dated this

day of

From our [or their] trade of

carried on at

T

f.s.d.

Annual amount not exceeding

Dutythereonat Is. for every 205.

( Signed)

1

858 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 122. [1803.

SCHEDULE (G. ) -continued.

No. 8.-DECLARATION to be delivered by each partner engaged in

trade or manufacture, where they are desirous of being separately afsesled.

I dodeclare, That

my proportion of the profits and gains of the trade or manufacture carried

on under the firm of is

part thereof , for which I am desirous of being affeffsed sepa-

rately . Dated this day of

( Signed)

No. 9.-DECLARATION to be delivered by persons engaged in trade or

manufacture, where the parties have beenjointly assessed.

Name of the Firm

or Where the fame is

carried on.

Copartnership.

IT

do

declare , that I am engaged in trade

or manufacture with the persons herein

described, and that I have been afsessed

to the duties granted by the act, under the joint assessment made in the

name of the firm .

Dated this

day of

( Signed)

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. 859

SCHEDULE (G. ) -continued .

No. 10.-DECLARATION to be delivered by persons who may have

been charged in any parish or place other than where the notice has been

delivered.

Parish or Place . County.

I

do declare that

I have made my return of all the mat-

ters and things contained in the before-

mentioned forms, applicable to my

cafe , at the parish and county herein

specified.

Dated this day of

one thousand eight hundred and

( Signed)

No. 11. - DECLARATION to be made by persons exercising profeffions

or trades, or commercial corporations, or fsocieties, who are desirous of

being afssessed by reference.

I, (or, we) do declare, that I, ( or, We ) am (or, are) desirous of be-

ing charged to the duties granted by the before-mentioned act, by the persons

herein named as ( my, or, our ) (referee, or referees) ; videlicet, (here insert the

names and residences of referees )

and that I, ( or, We) am ( or, are) engaged (describe the profession or trade )

carried on at

Dated this day of

( Signed )

860 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. С. 122. [1803.

SCHEDULE (G. )-continued.

No. 12. -DECLARATION to be filled up by persons claiming exemp-

tions or abatements on the ground ofincome, whose incomes are under one

hundred and fifty pounds per annum, or claiming abatements on account of

children.

I, A. B. do declare, that either in

the foregoing statement, or in

the columns of this declaration,

or in some of them, I have delivered an account of the whole

of my income, from whatever

source or fources the same doth

arise ; and that the amountthere-

ofdoth not exceed the annual

fum of pounds.

1.

As owner of(lands or tenements) situate in

the parish or parishes of

in the occupation of

and charged in the assessment for the said

parish, on the annual value of

2.

As occupier of(lands or tenements ) situate

in the parish of

and charged in the assessment for the said

parish, on the annual value of

3.

From the office of

on me in the department of

on the annual value of

charged

4 .

From interest of money, annuity, or other

annual payment due and payable to me

from of

and charged upon [ here mention the

estate , or secured by) [ here mention the

nature of thefecurity. ]

Amount thereof not exceeding

Duty thereon at Is. for every 20s.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 122 . 861

SCHEDULE ( G. ) -continued.

No. 13.-DECLARATION of the number of children.

I

do declare, that I have the undermentioned chil-

dren born in lawful wedlock, and maintained by me at my expence,

Names of Children . Residence.

in respect of whom I claim the abatement allowed by the act, according to

the amount of profits by me declared. Dated this day of

( Signed)

No. 14. -ACCOUNT of the annual value of the lands, tenements , here-

ditaments, and heritages in my occupation.

Description of my Property situate in the

Parish of Annual Amount thereof .

Dated this1 day of

( Signed )

862 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 122. [1803. 10

SCHEDULE (G.)-continued .

No. 15.-LIST to be delivered by persons in any publick office, if required.

Anaccount of the emoluments of my office arising under any of the fol-

lowing heads :

£ S. d .

Salary

Fees

Wages

-

Perquisites

Profits of office

-

Dated this day of

( Signed)

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 122. 863

SCHEDULE ( G. )-continued.

CERTIFICATE of EXEMPTION or ABATEMENT.

No. No.

Bythe commissioners acting for the of of

in the coun-

tyof

Onthe day of

the counterpart

hereof was delivered to

A.B. of the parish of

on the annual amount

of income not exceeding

£ authorising the

deduction of the sum of

from an annual

pay-

By the commissioners acting for the

of

in the county

payment of

able by C. D.

These are to certify, that A. B. of

the parish of hath proved to

our satisfaction that the whole of his

[or, her ] income, estimated according

to an act intituled " An act

doth not exceed the sum of

and that he [or she ] is enti-

tled to

per annum [ as interest

of money, annuity, or other annual and

payment] from C. D. of

that the amount of the allowance

which ought to be made for the pro-

portion of duty in respect of the said

fumof by which the said duty

is diminished, doth amount unto£.

for which allowance, and no more,

this certificate, on delivery thereof to

the said C. D. shall be a sufficient authority.

Given under our hands, this

day of

م

864 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 124. [1803.

SCHEDULE ( G.) -continued .

[ The following direction is to be indorsed on this instrument.]

This certificate, on delivery thereof to any person claiming to

deduct out of any payment of money the duty charged by the said

act, is to be received by such person in discharge of the fum of

; and any person in whose hands the fame may

be, who is assessed to the said duties, will be entitled, on delivery

thereof to the commissioners of his district, to be discharged from

his assessment for the said fum of £ ..

ment of his affefsment will be entitled to be repaid the fum

or after pay- mof

£ by order of the commissioners .

CAP. CXXIII.

An actfor exempting personsserving, or who have foundsubstitutes to

Serve, in the additional military force , raised under an act of this

session of parliament, from being ballotted to serve in the militia of

England. [August 11 , 1803. ]

HEREAS it is expedient that personsferving , or who have

under an act passed in thisfefssion of parliament, should not be liable to

be ballotted to serve or to supply any vacancies in the militia : May it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

Persons serv-

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and coming or who

have found substitutes to

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

serve in the

of the fame, That no person enrolled and serving, or who shall

have found any substitute to serve, in the additional military force

additional mi

litary force,

raised under the said act, shall be liable, during the continuance

not liable to

of the said act, to be ballotted to serve or to find any substitute to

serve in the

serve, in the militia of England , any thing in any act or acts to

militia.

the contrary notwithstanding

CAP. CXXIV.

An actto rectify a mistake in an act , made in the presentsession ofpar-

liament, for raising an additional military force in Scotland ; and

for exemptingpersonsserving therein, either personally or byfubfti-

tute, from being ballotted to serve in the militia of Scotland.-

[August 11, 1803. ]

c. 83.

WHEREAS by an alt passed in this presentsession of parliament,

intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually

to raise and assemble an additional military force in Scotland, for

the better defence and security of the united kingdom, and for

the more vigorous prosecution of the war , it is among other things enacted ,

J

ore

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 125. 865

enacted , that certain persons therein mentioned should not be liable to

Serveperfonally or to provide a substitute toserve in the army directed

to be raised by virtue of the said act, unless by rotation it should have

come to the turn of any such person to be again ballotted for : and

whereas it was also intended, that no person who hasferved personally

or bysubstitute in the militia raised by virtue of any act or acts relating

to the militiashould be liable to serve personally or provide a substitute

toserve in the army directed to be raised by virtue of the said recited

att , and that the said recited words in the said recited act, videlicet,

(unless by rotation itshould have come to the turn of any such person to

be again ballottedfor), were meant only to apply to such persons who

have fo served; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person Persons serv-

who has served personally or by substitute in the militia raised by ing personally

virtue of any act or acts relating to the militia shall be liable to orbysubsti-

tute in the mi-

serve personally or to provide a substitute to serve in the army litia not liable

directed to be raised by virtue of the said recited act, unless by to serve in the

rotation it shall have come to the turn of any such person to be army raised

again ballotted for ; and that the said recited act and this act shall under the re-

cited act ,

be construed in the same manner as if the persons hereby ex- unless by ro-

empted had been exempted by the said recited act, in the manner tation it shall

in which they are exempted by this act ; and that the words in come to their

the said act above recited shall be deemed and taken to be appli- turn, &c.

cable only to the persons hereby exempted.

II. And whereas it is expedient that persons serving or who shall

havefoundsubstitutes toferve in the army directed to be raised by virtue

of the said recited act should not be ballotted to serve or to supply any

vacancy in the militia of Scotland ; be it therefore enacted, That And persons

no person enrolled and serving, or who shall have found any fub- serving per-

fonally or by

stitute to serve in the army directed to be raised under the said fubstitute in

recited act, shall be liable, during the continuance of the said act, the said army

to be ballotted to serve or to find any substitute to serve in the shall not be

ballotted for

militia of Scotland ; any thing in any act or acts to the contrary the militia.

notwithstanding .

CAP. CXXV.

An act to empower his Majesty's commissioners of lieutenancy for the

city of London to carry into execution, within the said city, an act

passed in the present fession of parliament , intituled, An act to

amend and render more effectual an act passed in the present

session of parliament, intituled, ' An act to enable his Majesty

more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the

realm, during the present war, and for indemnifying persons

who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be

necessary for that purpose ; and to enable his Majesty more

effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted

prerogative, in requiring the military service of his liege subjects in case of invasion of the realm.-[August 11 , 1803. ]

VOL. XLIV. 3 K WHEREAS

866 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 125. [1803.

HEREAS an act was

passed in the present session of parlia

43 Geo. 3 .

c. 96.

Wment, intituled , An act to amend and render more effec-

tual an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled ,

An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for

the defence and security of the realm, during the present war,

and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property

by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose ;' and to

enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his

ancient and undoubted prerogative, in requiring the military fer-

vice of his liege subjects in case of invasion of the realm: and

whereas no express provision is made in the said act for carrying the

fame into execution within the city of London: may it therefore

please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted

by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice

andconfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

Commission- fame , That his Majesty's commissioners of lieutenancy for the

ersoflieu-

tenancy , and

city of London, and the lord-mayor, recorder, and aldermen of

themagif- trates and

the said city, and all constables therein, shall and they are hereby

authorised and required to put and carry into execution, in all

officers in

the several wards, precincts, liberties, parishes, and places, with-

London , shall in the said city of London, all the powers and authorities given

put into exe-

cution the powers of the

and granted by the said recited act, or which may be given and

granted by any other act for amending the fame, which may be

recitedact,

passed in the present session of parliament; and do, or cause to

inthat city ,

in the fame

be done, all acts, matters, and things thereby required, in like

manner as

manner as lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, justices of the

the lieute-

peace and constables may put in execution all such powers and

nants, magif-

authorities, and do, or cause to be done, all such acts , matters,

trates, and officers are

and things respectively; and that all the provisions of the said

empowered to

recited act, or any such other act as aforesaid relating to or con-

do in their

cerning the said lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, shall be and

respective

are hereby respectively extended to his Majesty's commissioners

counties.

of lieutenancy for the said city of London, in the same manner as

ifthe said commissioners of lieutenancy had been expressly mentioned and included with such lieutenants and deputy lieutenants

in the said recited act .

II. And, for the more effectually obtaining the returns required by

Returns re-

the said alt , be it further enacted, That the aldermen, deputies,

quired by the and common councilmen of the respective wards of the said city ,

act tobe

obtained in

upon receiving any precept or precepts from the said commif-

the several

fioners of lieutenancy for that purpose, and the constables or

wards of the other officers of the said wards respectively, shall and they are

city . hereby respectively required to carry the said act, or any such other

act as aforesaid, into execution in their several and respective

wards, so far as relates to the obtaining and making the several

returns by the said act required .

Powers, &c .

III. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions,

of the recited rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, bounties,

act extended

to this act.clauses, matters, and things contained in the said recited act, oг

any such other act as aforesaid, shall, so far as the same are or can be

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 126. 867

be made applicable, be applied and practised in carrying this act

→ into execution, in as full and ample a manner as ifthe said pow-

ers, provisions, rules, regulations, restrictions , penalties , for-

feitures, bounties, clauses, matters, and things were again re-

peated and re- enacted by this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the clerk to the court ofClerk to the

lieutenancy of the said city , and all other officers and persons commission-

whatever who shall execute the provisions of this act, to the fatis- ers oflieu- tenancyand

faction of the said court of lieutenancy, shall for their services others to be

உ

respectively receive such rewards for their pains and trouble rewarded for

therein as the said court of lieutenancy shall think reasonable their trouble.

and proper, and shall certify under their hands; and such respec-

15

tive rewards shall , on the production of such certificate so signed

as aforesaid, to the receiver-general of the land- tax of the said

city , be paid out of any publick monies in his hands, and be allowed in his accounts .

V. And, in order that the rights and privileges of the city ofLon-

don may not be infringed , be it further enacted, That this act , or Saving the

any thing herein contained , shall not diminish or be prejudicial rights and

to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions to which privileges of

thecity of

the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or London.

the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city , or the fub-

d

urbs and liberties of the fame , or of all privileged places within

the said limits and precincts thereof , as well within the liberties

as without, are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parlia-

لا

ment, charter, or usage; but the said mayor, and commonalty, and

citizens, and freemen, citizens, and inhabitants of the said city,

shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said rights,

liberties, usages, customs, privileges, immunities, and exemp-

tions, in as full, ample , and beneficial a manner as if this act had

not been made.

CAP. CXXVI.

Anattfor granting to his Majesty certain duties on receipts.-

[ August 11 , 1803. ]

Most gracious Sovereign,

HEREAS an all was made in the thirty- first year of the Mateg31Geo .3 .

the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promiflory notes, c. 25.

and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts ; and for

granting other duties in lieu thereof : and whereas another alt was

made in the thirty- fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties 35 Geo. 3 .

on receipts : now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, C- 550

the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in

parliament assembled , towards raising the necessary supplies to defray

the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is

engaged , havefreely and voluntarily resolved, that the stamp-duties on

receipts ,discharges, or acquittances, granted by the said recited acts, should

3K 2

868 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 126. [ 1803.

should be repealed , and that the duties hereinafter mentioned should be

raised , levied, collected, and paid in lieu thereof ; and do therefore

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and

be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-

The stamp.

thority of the same, That the several and respective stamp- duties

duties on re-

on receipts, discharges, or acquittances, given for or upon

1

ceipts granted

the payment of money, granted by the said recited acts, shall,

by recited acts shall,

from and after the tenth day of October one thousand eight hun-

atter Oct. ro,

dred and three, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay-

1803, cease to able, save and except as to any arrears of the said several duties,

be payable,

or any of them, which may, on the said tenth day of October one

exceptar-

rears, &c .

thousand eight hundred and three, remain unpaid ; or to anyfine ,

penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties or forfeitures relating there-

to, which shall have been incurred before or on the said tenth

day of October one thousand eight hundred and three.

and the fol-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

lowing duties tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, there

thall be paid: shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Great Britain, unto and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

for every piece of vellum, or parchment, or sheet or piece of pa-

per, upon which any receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be

given for or upon the payment of money , the stamp-duties fol-

lowing ; that is to say,

Receipts for

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of

amountingto paper upon which any receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be

101. -2d

given for or upon the payment of money, amounting to two

pounds and not amounting to ten pounds, there shall be charged

10l . and not

201. -4d.

201. and not

501. -8d.

50 % . and not

1001. -15.

100% . and not

2001. -25.

2001. and not

5001. -35.

a stamp-duty of two- pence ; and where the same shall amount to

ten pounds and not amount to twenty pounds, there thall be

charged a duty of four-pence ; and where the same shall amount

to twenty pounds and not amount to fifty pounds, there shall be

charged a duty of eight-pence ; and where the same shall amount

to fifty pounds and not amount to one hundred pounds, there

shall be charged a duty of one shilling ; and where the same shall

amount to one hundred pounds and not amount to two hundred

pounds, there shall be charged a duty of two shillings ; and where

the same shall amount to two hundred pounds and not amount to

five hundred pounds, there shall be charged a duty of three fhil-

500l . and up-

lings ; and where the same shall amount to five hundred pounds

wards -55.

or upwards, there shall be charged a duty of five shillings ; which

Bywhom payable.rates and duties shall be paid and payable by the person or per-

fons giving such receipts, and discharges, or acquittances, except

in cafes where such receipts, discharges, or acquittances , shall be

at any time or times given upon payment of money, in respect

of any debt or other fum payable to his Majesty, his heirs or

fuccessors, or to any person or persons for his use, in which cafe

the duty shall be paid and payable by the person or persons by

whom, or on whose behalf, such receipt, discharge, or acquittance

shall be required .

Σ

1

ا

يز

لا

3

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 126. 869

III. And be it further enacted, That every receipt , discharge, What shall be

deemed re-

or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing whatever, given ceipt in full,

to any person or persons for or upon the payment of money and subject to

which shall contain or express, or in any manner signify or de- the duty of

note, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, ss .

ordemand, or all or any debts , claims, accounts , or demands being

paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, releaf-

ed, or satisfied, or whereby any fum of money therein mentioned

shall be acknowledged to be in full or in discharge or satisfaction

of all or any such debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or in-

tended so to be, and whether the same shall or thall not be signed

by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on

whose behalfthe same shall be given, shall be deemed and taken

to be a receipt for the sum of five hundred pounds and upwards

within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable

to the stamp-duty of five shillings by this act imposed thereon ;

and no such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, note, memoran-

dum, or writing shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any

court, or admitted in any court to be useful or available in law

or equity as an acknowledgement of any debts, claims, accounts,

or demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced,

discharged, released, or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise,

or for any other or greater sum of money than the sum of money

therein expressed, unless the same shall be stamped with the pro-

per stamp, to denote the said duty of five shillings hereby im-

posed ; any thing in such receipt, discharge, acquittance, note,

memorandum, or writing, expressed notwithstanding .

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any receipt, acquit- Receipts to

tance, or discharge for any fum or sums ofmoney amounting to have the pro-

forty shillings or upwards, shall , contrary to the true intent and per stamps,

and persons

meaning of this act, be engrossed, written, or printed on vellum, giving them

parchment, or paper which shall not be stamped or marked ac- liable to pay

cording to thedirections of this act, or which shall be stamped the duty.

or marked with a stamp or mark of a lower denomination or value

than by this act is directed, then and in every such cafe there shall

be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, the

full duty hereby chargeable thereon as aforesaid , and which duty

shall be payable by and charged upon all and every person or persons by this act required to give any such receipt, acquittance,

or discharge, his, her, and their respective executors, admini-

strators, and assigns .

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons re-

person or persons, or any agent or agents of any person or persons quiring the

from whom any fum or fums of money shall be due or payable, receipt may

or claimed to be due or providethe

payable, and who shall have paid such stamp, and

sum or fums of money, to provide a piece of paper, vellum, or demand pay- s

parchmentduly stamped with the proper duty, and according to ment of the

the amount of the sum or fums so paid as aforesaid, or some duty, and the

person giving

higher rate ofduty in this act contained, and to demand and re- the receipt

quire of the person or persons entitled to such sum or sums of thall pay it on

money, or any agent or agents to whom the same shall have been penalty of 10/ %

paid , a receipt, discharge, and acquittance for such sum or fums of

870 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 126. [ 1893 .

of money, and also the amount of the duty thereon as aforesaid ;

and if any person to whom any fum or sums of money thall have

been paid as aforesaid shall refuse to give such receipt, discharge ,

and acquittance upon demand thereof, or pay the amount thereof

as aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit and pay for every

such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered as any

penalty maybe recovered under the said recited acts.

Noreceipt to

VI . And be it further enacted, That no receipt, discharge, or

be given in

acquittance aforesaid, liable to the duties by this act granted, or

evidence un-

any of them, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court ,

Jess stamped with alawful

or admitted in any court to be good, useful, or available in law

stamp.

or equity, unless the vellum, parchment, or paper on which such

receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be engrossed , printed,

written, or made, shall be stamped or marked with a lawful stamp

or maik to denote the rate of duty as by this act is directed, or

fomehigher rate ofduty in this act contained.

Persons hav- VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

ing stamps to any persons who shall on the said tenth day of October one thou-

denote the

duty of 6.1. fand eight hundred and three have in their custody or possession

payable by any vellum , parchment, or paper stamped or marked with the

recited acts in stamp or mark, or stamps or marks used to denote the duty of

their poffef- sixpence payable immediately before the passing of his act onany

fion, may,

withinfix

stamped vellum, parchment, or paper by virtue of the said recited

months after acts, at any time within the space of six months after the said

Oct. 10 , 1803, tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, to

have others in bring such vellum, parchment, or paper to the said commission-

lieu at the

stamp-office , ers at their head office, who, or their officers under them, are

onpaying the hereby authorised and required on payment to the receiver-

additional

duty. general of the said duties, or to some person or persons to be

authorised by him for such purpose, of such further fum or fums

ofmoney as, together with the said duty of sixpence so payable

thereon before the passing of this act , shall be equal to any duty

hereby granted, to cause such vellum, parchment , or paper to be

duly stamped and marked with such proper additional stamp or

mark, or stamps or marks as shall, together with the said former

stamp or mark of sixpence, denote the payment of any of the respective duties hereby granted, or at the election of the person or

persons bringing such vellum, parchment, or paper to cause the

fame to be cancelled, and other vellum, parchment , or paper to

be stamped with the proper stamps, without demanding or taking

directly or indirectly any fum of money or consideration what-

ever for the fame, other than such sum or sums of money as ,

together with the duty on the stamps so cancelled, shall be equal

to the amount of the duty by this act required.

Stamps under the former

VIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall

acts may be be lawful for any persons who shall, at any time after the tenth

used if of the day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, have in

valuerequired their possession any vellum, parchment, or paper stamped or

by this act. marked with any stamp or mark, or stamps or marks used to

denote any of the duties payable by law before the passing of this

act on receipts, discharges, or acquittances, given for or upon the payment

ل

1

1

1-

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 126. 871

payment ofmoney, to use and apply , after the said tenth day of

October one thousand eight hundred and three, any such vellum,

parchment, or paper, which shall have been so stamped under the

said recited acts, provided the same be used for and applied to

receipts, discharges , or acquittances for such and the like amounts

of money respectively , as the like rate of stamp-duty could or

might be used and applied under and by virtue of this act ; and

all such receipts, discharges, and acquittances, shall be as valid

and effectual in all respects, and to all intents and purposes, as if

the fame had been written upon any vellum, parchment, or paper

stamped in pursuance of this act .

IX . And be it further enacted, That, for the effectual levying, Duties to be

collecting, or paying the said duties herein- before granted, the under the ma-

fame thall be under the government, care, and management of nagement of

the commif

the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the fioners for

duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who stamps.

or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote

the paymentof the said duties bythis act imposed, either by using

any stamps in their possession heretofore provided to be used in

relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and

paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose, and to renew

or alter the fame respectively , from time to time, as they shall

see occasion, and to do all things necessary tobe done for putting

this act in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby

granted in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or

the major part of them are authorised to put in execution any

former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Receipts ex-

the receipts, discharges, or acquittances, which bythe said recited empted from

acts or either of them are particularly exempted from the duties the duty un

der former

imposed by the said recited acts or either of them, shall also be acts to con-

and are hereby exempted from the duties imposed by this act, as tinue so .

fully and effectually as if the said exemptions had been particu-

larly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall coun- Persons coun

terfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any terfeiting

stamp or mark directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, stamps, &c.

guiltyof

orused in pursuance of the said recited acts or this act granted, felony.

or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon

any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his

Majesty, his heirs or fuccessors, of any of the said duties, or shall

utter, vend, sell, or expose to sale any vellum, parchment, or

paper liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or

impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or

shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark directed or

L

allowed to be used by the same recited acts or this act, with in-

tent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuccessors, of any of the

said duties, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully

convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in

cases offelony, without benefit of clergy.

XII. And

872 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 126. [1803. 180

Powers re-

XII. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions,

lating to for- penalties , forfeitures , articles, clauses, and allowances on present

mer duties to

extend to this payment of the duties, and all other matters and things pre-

ة

10

act.

scribed or appointed by or contained in the said recited acts, or

any act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp- duties on

vellum, parchment, and paper, ( and not hereby altered ) shall be

of full force and effect with relation to the duties hereby im-

posed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising ,

levying, collecting, and securing the said duties hereby imposed,

according to the true intent and meaning of his act, as fully and

effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally

and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the

said duties hereby imposed.

Duties tobe

XIII . And be it further enacted , That all the said duties

paidtothe receiver - ge-

hereinbefore granted thall be paid from time to time into the

neral, and by

hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on

him paid into

stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same

the exche-

( the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same

quer.

being deducted) into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as other duties on

stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid,

and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of

Great Britain.

Appropria-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

tion of duties. tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, out

of the monies that shall be paid into the said receipt of the said

duties hereby granted , and arrears of duties hereby repealed,

the sum of sixteen thousand seven hundred and twenty- fix

pounds, being one- fourth part of the sum of sixty-six thousand

nine hundred and four pounds, the annual average produce for

three years, ending the fifth day of January one thousand eight

hundred and three, of the whole of the said duties hereby repealed, shall, quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day

of April , the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October in

every year, during the period of ten years, be set apart from the

remainder of the said monies ; and that after the setting apart at

the said receipt of exchequer at the end of each such quarter the

fum of sixteen thousand seven hundred and twenty- six pounds,

the said remainder of the said monies arising or to arise of the

said several duties, and of arrears as aforesaid, or so much thereof

as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the

revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge oc-

cafioned by any loan made by virtue of any act or acts passed in

this session of parliament ; and that the said remainder of the

said monies shall during the space of ten years next ensuing be

paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other

branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the said receipt,

during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which

the said remainder of the monies arising from the said duties,

and paid into the said receipt, shall , together with the monies arising

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 127. 873

arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of

parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charges

as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies

1

paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any

account whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted

for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

1

this act , or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained,

such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and General issue.

give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and

ifupon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defen-

dants , or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-fuited, then such

defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him Treble costs.

or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs .

Σ

2

3

3

一

CAP. CXXVII.

An attfor consolidating the duties onstamped vellum, parchment, and

paper , in Great Britain. -[August 11 , 1803. ]

WHEREAS HEREAS thefeveral rates and duties under the management

S

and care of the commissioners for managing the duties upon

Stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are appropriated and appli-

cable to various purposes according to the directions of thefeveral acts

of parliament granting the fame ; and the said commissioners and other

officers employed in the collection and management of the said rates

3

and duties are required to keep separate and distinct accounts of the

monies arising from the several rates and duties as they respectively

are paid into the hands of the said officers, and likewise to provide and

ufe different and distinct dies or stamps to denote each rate and duty :

and whereas it is expedient to prevent the multiplication of stamps

uponfuch pieces of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other instruments,

matters, or things, on which several rates and duties are byfeveral

acts of parliament imposed; be it therefore enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament afssembled, and by the authority of the same, That it Commission-

✔shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners for managing ers for stamps

the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, instead of may provide

the distinct stamps, dies, or marks, directed to be provided to one new

stamp de-

denote the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, or note the feve .

other instrument , matter, or thing, charged therewith, to cause ral duties on

one new stamp, die, or mark, to be provided to denote the said parchment,

several rates and duties on every such piece of vellum, parch- &c.

ment, or paper, or other instrument, matter, or thing charged

with the said several rates or duties from time to time as small

be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew, or alter the

fame as there shall be occasion ; any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And , in order that all the monies whichshall arisefrom the

Several rates and duties under the management of the said commif- fioners

1

874 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 127. [1803.

fioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and

paper , which are or shall be denoted by the fame die , mark, or stamp,

The several

may be brought into one account, be it enacted , That instead of the

rates tobe

consolidated,

several rates and duties imposed by several acts of parliament

andonedif- upon the same piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other

tinct account matter or thing charged with several rates or duties, being levied ,

of the monies collected, and received in several and distinct sums, according to

arising there the several proportions by which the same are imposed, it mall

bytobekept. and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and all and every

the officer and officers who shall be concerned in the manage-

ment of the said rates and duties under the said commissioners,

to consolidate the monies arising or to arise from the said several

rates and duties into one sum, to the amount of all the said

several rates, and to levy, collect, and receive the same accord.

ingly, and to keep at the head office of stamps one distinct account of the monies arising from the said consolidated duties,

and to bring into the same account all rates and duties under

the management of them the said commissioners, which are and

shall be in pursuance of this or any former act denoted by the

same die, mark , or stamp, without any separation of the several

parts or members thereof, or distinction taken or made as to the

uses or purposes to which the same are or are intended to be

appropriated or applied, or the act or acts of parliament granting,

appropriating, or regulating the same ; any former law or usage

to the contrary notwithstanding .

From Jan. 5 .

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth

1804, the mo-

nies to arising day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, all monies

shall be paid arising from the rates and duties under the management of the

to the recei- commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum,

ver- general, parchment , and paper, shall be paid into the hands of the re-

whoshall pay ceiver-general for the time being of the duties on

the fame stamped

the exchequer vellum, parchment, and paper , who shall keep one account only

weekly. lv . ofall the said rates and duties, and pay the same accordingly(the

necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame

being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer from time to

time weekly ; that is to say, on Wednesday in every week if the

fame be not an holiday , and if the fame be an holiday then on

the next day which shall not be an holiday, for the purposes

herein- after declared and expressed; any former act or acts of

parliament, or any clause, matter, or thing in any former act or

acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners

ersand officers for managing the said duties on stamped vellum , parchment,

orders re-

to observe the and paper, and all other officers who shall be employed or en-

ceivedfrom

trusted by or under them, shall, from time to time, in and for

the treasury .

the better execution of their several places and trusts, observe

and perform such rules and orders as they respectively shall from

time to time receive from the lord high-treasurer, or commif-

sioners of the treasury , or any three or more of them for the

time being .

V. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 127. 875

V. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty- seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act to enable the com- 37 Geo. 3 .

missioners of stamp- duties to stamp deeds and other instruments , c. 136.

bills of exchange, promissory and other notes in the cases therein

mentioned, it is among other things enacted, that it shall be lawful

for the said commissioners or their officer , upon payment of the duty

and a penalty offive pounds in the said alt mentioned , to stamp any

vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon any instrument, matter, or

thing , (except bills of exchange, promissory notes or other notes, drafts,

or orders), shall have been or shall be engrossed, printed, or written,

liable in respect thereof to be stamped with a stamp orstamps of a

particular denomination or value, and whereon there is or shall be

impressed anystamp orstamps of a different denomination, but ofan

equal or greater value in certain cafes therein mentioned : and whereas Instruments,

it is expedient to permit the same to be done without payment of the &c. not having

faidpenalty , be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proper

the said commissioners, or their officer as aforesaid, from and stamp, though

after the passing of this act, to stamp, or cause to be stamped, of an equal

orgreater va-

any such velium, parchment, or paper (except as aforesaid) , in lue, may be

any of the cafes hereinbefore mentioned, without payment of the stamped with

said penalty of five pounds required by the said recited act ; and the proper

every instrument , matter , or thing so stamped, shall have and be stamp with-

out payment

deemed of the like force and validity as if the said penalty of of the penalty

five pounds had been paid pursuant to the directions of the said of 57. imposed

act.

by recited act,

VI. And be it further enacted, That every instrument, matter, Instruments,

or thing, although stamped or impressed with any stamp of&c. although

greater value than the stamp required by law, shall be valid and stamped with

effectual, provided such stamp shall be of the denomination re- a stamp of

greater value,

quired by law for such instrument, matter, or thing ; any statute, shall be valid.

زا

law, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners Powers of

✓ for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and former acts,

4

nothereby

paper, and their officers and all other the officer or officers con- altered, to

cerned in the management of any of the said rates and duties, extend to this

shall be subject to such penalties and forfeitures for any breach act .

of the trust in them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the

money received in pursuance of this or any former act or acts

of parliament contrary to the true intent of this act, as by any

former law relating to the duties under the management of the

✔said commissioners are inflicted ; and that all powers, provisoes ,

articles , clauses, penalties, forfeitures, distribution of penalties

✓ and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or

✓ appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to

the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other

the duties under the management and care of the said commif-

fioners, and not hereby altered, shall be in force and effect with

relation to the rates and duties hereby consolidated, and shall

be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, col-

✓lecting, and securing the same, as fully to all intents and purposes as

876 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 127. [ 1803 .

as if they had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this

Punishment

for coun-

terfeiting stamps, &c.

present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shail

counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged,

any seal , stamp, or inark, to resemble any seal, stamp, or mark,

directed to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in

pursuance of this or any former act or acts of parliament relating

to the duties under the management of the said commissioners

for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and

paper , for the purpose of denoting the said duties, or any of

them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same,

with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any

of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parch-

ment, or paper, or other matter or thing, with such counterfeit

mark or stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit,

or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark,

directed or allowed to be used by this or any former act or acts

of parliament, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or

successors, of any of the said duties, every person so offending,

and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon ,

and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of

clergy.

IX. And whereas by divers acts for grantingseveral of the duties

hereby consolidated it is provided , that during thespace of ten years

then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept in the office of the

auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a book or books in which all

the monies arising from the said respective duties should, together with

such other duties as were respectively granted for the purpose of

making permanent additions to the publick revenue, and of defraying

any charges occasioned by certain loans made, andstocks created by authority of parliament, be entered separate and apart from all other

monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs orfuccessors, upon any

account whatever : and whereas it is expedient that the whole of the

duties by this act consolidated should be entered in one account, but that

provision should nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the pro-

duce of suchfeveral grants of duties for the remainder of such respec-

After Jan. 5 , tive periods ; be it therefore enacted, That after the said fifth day

1804 , the con- of January one thousand eight hundred and four, the whole of

solidated du-

ties shall be the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, consolidated

entered in one by this act, shall be entered together in one account ; and that

account, and from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand eight

thetreasury hundred and four , the lord high-treasurer , or commissioners of

shall for certainperiods his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them for the

cause separate time being, shall, for and during the remainder of the respective

accounts of

periods of ten years, to be computed from the time ofgranting

suchduties to

such of the said duties as aforesaid, as were so directed to be

be kept to af-

certain their

entered separately as aforesaid, cause separate and distinct accounts

respective

of what such duties would have amounted to in cafe the same

amounts,

had not been and were not respectively hereby consolidated and

which ac-

collected with other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or

counts shall be

laid before

paper, to be made out in such manner and form as shall appear

parliament. to

ل

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 128. to the lord high-treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's

treasury for the time being, best adapted to ascertain such

amounts respectively ; which accounts the said lord high-trea-

furer, or commissioners for the time being, are hereby required

to cause to be laid before parliament, together with the publick

accounts directed to be laid before parliament pursuant to the

provisions of an act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An all for directing certain

publick accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and for dif-

continuing certain otherforms of account now in use.

877

CAP. CXXVIII.

1

Analtfor the further regulation of the collection of the duties of customs

in Great Britain in certain cafes.-[August 11, 1803.]

WHEREA HEREAS the accounts of the exports of Great Britain have

been found to be incorrect , and great inconvenience hath arisen

in making out the said accounts , by reason ofmerchants and other exporters ofgoods refusing or neglecting to deliver to the comptrolling

Searchers of his Majesty's customs a shipping bill or copy of the cocquet

forgoods intended to be exported ; be it therefore enacted, by the FromOct. 10,

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and 1803, no

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in goods shall be

put onboard

this present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the any vessel for

11

same, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thou- exportation

until a copy

fand eight hundred and three, it shall notbe lawful for any person of the cocquet

or persons whatever to lade or put, or cause to be laden or put, or entry be

off or from any quay, wharf , or other place on land, into any delivered to

✓ ship, vessel, lighter, boat, or bottom, any goods, wares, or mer- the comptrol-

chandize whatever, with intent to export the same to parts be- ing searchers .

yond the seas, until such person or persons shall deliver or cause

to be delivered, by themselves or agent, to the comptrolling

searchers of his Majesty's customs, or some one of them, a true

and correct copy in writing of the cocquet or entry ( together

with the endorsement thereon) , for all such goods, wares, and merchandize so intended to be exported; and it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said comptrolling searchers, or other officer

of his Majesty's customs, to detain and make stay of any goods,

1

wares, and merchandize whatever for which the shipping-bill or

copy of the cocquet, with the endorsement thereon , shall not have

been delivered as aforesaid .

II. And whereas by an act, passed in the twenty- sixth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for regulating the 26Geo. 3 .

production of manifests , and for more effectually preventing frau- c. 40.

dulent practices in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the

clandestine re - landing of goods , the surveyor- general or surveyors-

9

3

general of the customs in the port of London, upon examination and

inquiries relative to the revenue, as well as to the conduct of the officers

employed therein, arc authorised to examine all persons who may appear

before them upon oath : and whereas it is expedient that the like pow-

ers should be given to the collectors and comptrollers of the customs at the

878 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 128. [ 1803 .

the out- ports, upon examinations and inquiries before them; be it

Testimony to

therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day ofOr-

be given on

oath at the

tober one thousand eight hundred and three , all and each and

out- ports of

every person and persons who thall be examined as a witness or

Great Britain

witnesses on any inquiry directed to be made by the commil-

as well as in

sioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, rela-

London, in

tive to the revenue of customs , or to the conduct of the officers

matters re-

lating to the

employed therein , before the collectors and comptrollers of the

customs.

customs, or either of them, at any out-port of Great Britain, shall,

and they are hereby respectively required to deliver his, her ,

or their testimony on oath, to be administered by the said

officers respectively, who shall examine them, and such officers

respectively are hereby authorised to administer such oath ac-

Persons swear- cordingly .

1

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

ingfalfely deemedguilty

whatsoever shall be convicted of making a false oath, touching any

ofperjury . of the facts directed or required by this act to be testified on oath,

or of giving false evidence, on his, her, or their examination on

oath before the collectors and comptrollers of the customs, or

either of them respectively , in conformity to the directions of

this act, such person or persons, so convicted as aforesaid, shall

be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and

penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt per-

jury .

IV. And whereas doubts have arisen whether, according to the provisions of an act, passed in the thirty- seventh year of the reign of his

37 Geo. 3.

C.97.

present Majesty, intituled , An act for carrying into execution the

treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between

his Majesty and the United States of America , cotton , and other

goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce of the Western States of

America within the territories of the United States ofAmerica, can

legally be imported from New Orleans in America into Great

Britain, in ships or vessels of the built of the said States, owned and

navigated according to the directions of thesaid recited act ; and it is

expedient thatfuch doubtsshould be removed; be it therefore enacted,

Goodsmaybe That it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain,

imported from from New Orleans in America, any cotton or other goods, wares,

NewOrleans

in America, in or merchandize , being the produce of the Western States of

vessels of the America, within the territories of the said United States, in

built of the ships or vessels of the built of the said States, owned and navi-

United States.gated according to the directions of the said recited act, any

thing in the said recited act, or any law , custom, or usage to the

contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by an alt made andpassed in the twenty- fourth

year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third , in-

24Geo. 3.

C - 47.

tituled , An act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in

this kingdom, it is amongst other things enacted, that in cafe anyship

or vessel liable to be broken up or destroyed shall be necessary andfitfor

theservice of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may be lawful

for the commissioners of the customs or excise respectively, if they think

proper , to cause such ship or vessel, instead ofbeing broken up or de-

Stroyed , to befold to the officers appointed by the lord high- admiral of Great

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 129. 879

- Great Britain, or the commissioners of the navy for that purpose : and

1

whereas it is expedient, during hostilities, to authorise the commissioner's

ofbis Majesty's customs ofexcise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively to dispose of ships or vessels, whichshallor may on condemnation be

liable to be broken up, to private persons, for the purpose ofbeing used

against the enemy as privateships, under commissionfrom the lord high-

admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office

of lordhigh-admiral of Great Britainfor the time being, be it there-

fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commission- Commissioners of his Majesty's customs and excise in Great Britain or Ire- ers for thecuf-

toms and ex-

land respectively, during hostilities, to sell and dispose of anyship cife mayfell

or vessel, which, on condemnation, thall or may be liable to be condemned

broken up, to private persons, for the purpose of being used vessels to pri-

against the enemy, under commission from the lord high-admiral vate persons,

tobeused

of Great Britain and Ireland, or the commissioners for executing against the

the office of lord high-admiral of Great Britain and Ireland for enemyunder

the time being ; and one moiety of the produce of such sale, after commission

charges of condemnation and other charges are deducted , to be from the ad-

paid into the exchequer for the use of his Majesty, and the other miralty.

moiety to the officer who sued and prosecuted for the same.

CAP. CXXIX.

An act to amend so much ofan act made in thisfession of parliament,

for granting additional duties ofexcise , as relates to the exportation

of tea to Ireland ; for regulating the granting ofpermits for the re-

moval of coffee , tea, and cocoa-nuts out ofwarehouse, and for more

effectuallyfecuring the duties on coffee. -[August 11, 1803. ]

HEREAS by a clause in an actpafssed in the presentsession of

c. 81.

until twelve months after the ratification of the definitive treaty Clausein re-

of peace, certain additional duties of excise in Great Britain, it is cited act, pro-

provided, that the fullduties chargeable and payable on the importation viding that the

duties pay-

oftea into Ireland shall be paid to the united company ofmerchants ofabees the

England trading to the East Indies : and whereas difficulties may importation

arise in the execution of such provisions ; be it therefore enacted by of tea into

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- Ireland shall

s

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this be paid to the

East -India

present parliament, and by the authority of the same, That the

company ,shall

said clause and every part thereof shall be, and the fame is hereby be repealed.

repealed.

II. And for the greater dispatch and certainty in the exportation of

tea to Ireland, be it further enacted, That the certificate of the Certificate of

due landing in Ireland of any quantity of tea exported from Eng- the landing of

tea in Ireland

land , required by an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign thall be left

of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to permit the exportation ofwith the col-

tea to Ireland, without payment of any duty under certain restrictions, lector within

shall be, and such certificate is hereby required to be produced two monthse

to and left with the proper collector of the customs and officer of

of the bondexcise respectively, within two months after the date of the bond given for ex-

for security given or entered in respect of the exportation of such portation.

tea, and that it shall be a condition of such bond that such certificate

880 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 129. [ 1803 .

tificate shall be actually produced to and left with such collector

of the customs and officer of excise respectively, within such two

months after the date thereof as aforesaid ; any thing in any act

parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

ofIII. And whereas by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of

his late majesty King George the First, among other things for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa-

nuts, chocolate, and cocoa paste imported , and for granting certain

inland duties in lieu thereof , it was enacted , that all such coffee , tea,

and cocoa-nuts as should be imported into the kingdom of Great

Britain from anyforeign parts, upon the entry thereof at the custom-

house , and paying orfecuring thefeveralfubfidies and additional imposls

which should then remain due thereon, should be forthwith carried or

put intofuch warehouse or warehouses as mentioned in the said alt ;

and that the said coffee, tea, and cocoa- nutsso brought intofuch ware-

house or warehousesshould not be taken or carried out thence upon any

account whatsoever, other than as is in the said act after mentioned ,

and that upon producing a warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates therein mentioned ,signedbysuch collector or receiver as is therein

mentioned (certifying that he had received the said inland duties by the

Said alt granted ), to the respective warehouse-keeper or warehouse-

keepers, such warehouse-keeper or warehouse-keepersshoulddeliver out of

suchwarehouse or warehouses therein mentioned, so much coffee, tea, or

cocoa-nuts , intendedfor home consumption, asshould be mentioned or expressed infuch warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates respec-

ively, to have paid the said inland duties ; and the respectivewarchouse-

keeper andwarehouse-keepers were by the said act directed thereupon to

give to suchimporters or proprietors a permit or certificate to accompany

such coffee , tea, or cocoa- nutssodeliveredout, (whichpermit orcertificate

should be also signed by an officer attending the said warehouse or ware-

houses, whoshould be appointed by the said commissioners for the said inland

duties, or the major part of them), to prevent theseising thereof: and

whereas it is expedient thatfor all coffee, tea, andcocoa -nuts respectively

expressed in any such warrant or warrants, or certificate orcertificates

mentioned in the said alt to have paid the inland duties, such permit as

is hereinafter directed should be granted to accompany any such coffee ,

tea , or cocoa-nuts, in lieu and instead of such permit or certificate as

From Sept. 1.

aforesaid, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first

1803 , onde-

livery out of warehouse mentionedin

day of September one thousand eight hundred and three, upon the

delivery out of any such warehouse or warehouses mentioned in

the said act of any coffee, tea, or cocoa-nuts expressed in such

10 Geo. 1 .

c. 10. of any

warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates respectively men-

coffee, tea,

tioned in the said act to have paid the inland duties, the proper

or cocoa- nuts,

apermit shall

officer or officers of excise shall thereupon grant and givea per-

mit in writing, signed by the said officer or officers, specifying the

be given in weight of all such coffee, tea, and cocoa-nuts respectively, and

mannerherein also the name or names of the person or persons to whom , and

mentioned. the place to which the fame is intended to be removed, and whe-

ther the fame is intended to be removed by land or by water, andby

what mode of conveyance the fame is intended to be fent ; and the

officer or officers of excise granting or giving any such permit shall

limit and express in such permit the time within which such coffee,

tea,

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 129. 881

tea, or cocoa- nuts in such permit mentioned, shall be removed from

and out of such warehouse, and also the time within which the fame

hall be delivered and received into the house, warehouse, shop ,

room, or other place of the person or persons respectively, to

whom the same is so permitted to be fent ; and if such permit be

2

1

for the removal of tea, and the tea so to be removed be Bohea,

Congou, Souchong, or Pekoe tea, then any such tea shall in the

said permit be specified and expressed under the name and deno-

mination of Black tea; and if the tea so to be removed be neither

Bohea, Congou, Souchong, or Pekoe tea, then such tea shall in

the said permit be specified and expressed under the name and

denomination of green tea.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any coffee, tea, Ifcoffee, &c .

or cocoa-nuts mentioned or specified in any such permit, shall be be not remov

ed and de-

removed or fent away from and out of any such warehouse or livered within

warehouses within the time expressed and limited in such permit, the time li-

and such coffee or tea shall not within the time limited and ex- mited, it shall

pressed in such permit be actually delivered and received into the be deemed re-

✓ house, warehouse, shop, room, or other place of the person or

moved with-

persons to whom the fame is by such permit authorised to be out permit.

sent, then and in every such case all such tea, coffee, or cocoa-

nuts, so removed or fent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and

taken to be coffee, tea, or cocoa- nuts removed without permit .

V. And whereas by an act made in the forty- first year of the reign

✓ of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for the better regulation 41Geo. 3 .

وت

and collection of certain duties of excise, it was enacted, that ifc. 91. reciting,

that any com-

any commodity manufactured in imitation of or to resemble coffee, or modity manu-

toferve as asubstitute for coffee, or alleged so to be, should be made factured in

for sale, or fold, or should be found in the custody or possession of any imitation of

dealer ordealers in, orfeller orfellers ofcoffee in Great Britain, the fame coffee, found

Mouldbeforfeited , together with the packages containing the fame, andin the poffef-

sion of any

should and might beseised by any officer or officers of excise; and the dealer, should

person or personsso making orfelling the fame, or the dealer or dealers be forfeited.

in, or feller or fellers of coffee, in whose custody or possession the same

Should be found, should forfeit and lose the sum offifty pounds : and

whereas the said recited clause has been found by experience not to an-

fwer the good purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient

to repeal the same, and , in lieu thereof , to make such provision as is

hereinafter mentioned ; be it therefore enacted, That, from and After Sept. 1 ,

after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and 1803, the re-

citedclause

three , the said recited clause shall be , and the same is hereby mallbeaut

repealed , fave and except in all cases relating to any fine, penalty , pealed; and if

or forfeiture, fines, penalties , or forfeitures, which, on or before any article

the said first day of September one thousand eight hundred and prepared for

three, shall be incurred under or by virtue of the said recited the purpose of

resembling

clause ; and that from and after the said first day of September one coffee or

thousand eight hundred and three, if any burnt, fcorched, or cocoa be

roasted peas, beans, or other grain , or vegetable substance or found in the

substances prepared or manufactured for the purpose of being in possession of

anydealer,

imitation of or in any respect to resemble coffee or cocoa, or to or shall be

serve as a fubstitute for coffee or cocoa, or alleged or pretended called by him

VOL. XLIV. by English or

3L

882 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 130. [1803.

British coffee, by the possessor or vender thereof so to be, shall be made or kept

&c. it shall be for

forfeited, and

for sale, or shall be offered or exposed to sale, or shall be found in

thedealer

the custody or pssoeffion of any dealer or dealers in or feller or

shall forfeit

fellers of coffee or cocoa, or of any burnt, scorched, or roasted

1001 .

peas, beans, or other grain, or vegetable substance or substances

not being coffee or cocoa , mall be called by the preparer, manufacturer, possessor, or vender thereof , by the name of English

or British coffee, or any other name of coffee, or by the name

of American cocoa or English or British cocoa, or any other name

of cocoa, the fame respectively shall be forfeited , together with

the packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seised by

any officer or officers of excise ; and the person or persons pre-

paring, manufacturing, or felling the fame, or having the fame

in his, her, or their custody or possession, or the dealer or dealers

in or feller or fellers of coffee or cocoa, in whose custody the

same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred

pounds.

CAP. CXXX.

An actfor rectifying a mistake in an act of the lastsession ofparlia-

mentfor better collecting the duties on auctioneers .-[August 11,

1803. ]

WHEREAS by a clause in an act, made in the forty- second year

of the reign of his present Majesty (among other things ), for

better collecting and securing the duties of excise on auctioneers, it was,

among other things, enacted, that every person not already licensed

according to an act therein mentioned, who then, or at any time or

times thereafter, did or should exercise the trade or business of an

auctioneer, or feller by commission at anyfale of any estate , goods, or

effects whatsoever, by outcry, knocking down ofhammer, by candle, by

lot , by parcel , or by any mode of sale at auction, or whereby the highest

bidder was deemed to be the purchaser, or whoshould act insuch capacity within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, should

at the time of receiving bis licence givesecurity by bond to his Majesty,

bis heirs andfuccessors, with twosufficientfureties , in mannerfollow-

ing ; that is tosay, himself in thesum of one hundred pounds, and his

sureties in the sum of two hundred pounds each, in the manner in the

said alt directed: and whereas it was intended that every such person

who did orshould exercise such trade or business of an auctioneer or

feller by commission as aforesaid , or who should act in such capacity

within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, should at the

time of receiving bis licence give security by bond to his Majesty, his

heirs and successors, with two sufficientsureties, in mannerfollowing, that

is tosay, himself in thesum ofone thousand pounds, and bisfureties in

thesum of two hundred pounds each ; but by mistake the sum of one

hundred pounds was inserted in the said clause instead of thefum ofone

thousand pounds : now therefore to remedy the said mistake, be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled , and by the authority

of

1

1.

1

コ

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 131. 883

of the fame, That, from and after the sixteenth day of August From Aug.

one thousand eight hundred and three, every such person re- 16, 1803, auctioneers, on

ceiving any such licence shall give security by bond to his Ma- receiving li-

jesty , his heirs and successors, with two sufficient sureties, in cence, shall

manner following; that is to say, himself in the sum of one give security

thousand pounds, and his sureties in the sum of two hundred in manner

hereinmen-

pounds each; which security the commissioners of excise intioned .

England, or any two or more of them for the time being, or such

person or persons as the said commissioners of excise shall from

time to time appoint to deliver out the licences by an act made

in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty direct-

ed, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to take, that the

said person who shall exercise such trade or business, or who shall

act in such capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver every account of the sales by him made, and also make payment of all

and every fum and fums of money arising or becoming due for

the auction duty for or in respect of all such sales in manner pre-

scribed in and by the said act of the nineteenth year aforesaid, or

by this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force.

II. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and Penalties im-

forfeitures imposed by the said act, made in the forty-second year posed by 42

of the reign of his said Majesty, among other things for ex- and this act,

Geo. 3. c. 93 .

empting from auction duty estates and effects therein mentioned, how to be

and for better collecting and securing the duties of excise therein levied and

mentioned, or by this act, shall be fued for, recovered, levied, or applied.

mitigated by such ways, means, and methods as any fine, pe-

nalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or miti-

gated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill,

plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record

at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or for-

feiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the

other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue

for the fame .

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence Commence-

and take effect from the day on which the same shall receive his ment of act.

Majesty's royal assent, except in such cases in which any special

commencement is provided by this act .

CAP. CXXXI.

An att for charging an additional duty on lignum quaffia imported

into Great Britain.-[August 11 , 1803. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the duty on lignum quassia imported into Great Britainshould be increased : may it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en-

acted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of October one From October

thousand eight hundred and three, there thall be raised, levied, 10, 1803, lig-

3L2 col numquaffia

to pay an

884 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 132. [ 1803 .

• additional

duty of 21.

165. for every

cwt. import.

ed .

collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors ,

an additional duty of customs of two pounds sixteen shillings for

every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve

pounds, of lignum quassia imported or brought into Great Britain; which additional duty shall be managed, raised, levied ,

collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and

the like manner, and by the same means, ways, or methods, in

every respect as the duty of customs on lignum quaffia, imposed

43 Geo. 3 .

6.68.

by an act of the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to

repeal the duties of customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant

other duties in lieu thereof , is managed, raised, levied , collected,

paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

CAP. CXXXII.

An altfor permitting certain goods imported into Great Britain, to

be secured in warehouse without payment of duty. [ August 11 ,

1803.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the encouragement of the

trade and commerce of Great Britain, and to the accommodation

of merchants and others, if certain goods, wares, and merchandize,

were permitted to be entered and landed , and properlysecured , in the

port of London, and certain other ports in Great Britain , without

payment at the time of the first entry of such goods, wares, and merchandize, of the duties of customs and excise due on the importation

thereof , on such conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as are herein-

after provided; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

Goodsenu-

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be

merated in

lawful for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors,

table ( A.) to consignee or consignees of any of the goods, wares, or mer-

be secured in chandize, enumerated or described in the table hereunto annexed,

warehouses

belonging to marked ( A. ) , and which shall be legally imported and brought

the West-In- into the port of London, to lodge and secure the same, under the

padockcom joint locks of the crown and the merchant, in any warehouse or

warehouses situated at the Isle ofDogs, and belonging to the West-

payment of

duty .

India dock company, without payment at the time of the first

entry of such goods, wares, and merchandize, of the duties of

customs or excise due on the importation thereof , subject never-

theless to the rules , regulations, and restrictions , directed by this

act : provided always, that no such goods, wares, or merchandize,

shall be fo lodged or secured, unless and until such warehouses

and other works belonging or to belong thereto shall be so far

completed, that, in the judgement of the lord high-treasurer, or

the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or

any three or more of them, the same shall be fit and proper in

every respect for the reception of such goods, wares, and merchandize, and wherein the same may respectively be safely and

securely deposited and remain, under the regulations and direc

tions

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 885

tions of this act ; and the lord high- treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three

or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered, by

writing under his or their hand or hands, to certify and make

known his or their approbation of such warehouses ; which

certificate shall be published three times at least in the London

Gazette, and in two or more publick morning newspapers then

usually circulated in London.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Goods enu-

importer or importers , proprietor or proprietors, consignee or merated in

consignees of any of thegoods, wares, or merchandize, enumerated table ( B. ) imported into

or described in the table hereunto annexed, marked (B.), and the port of

which shall be legally imported and brought into the port of London to be

London , to lodge and secure the fame, under thejoint locks offecured in

the crown and the merchant, in any warehouse or warehouses warehouses belonging to

erected or to be erected, situated within the premises belonging the London

to the London dock company, without payment at the time ofdock com-

the first entry of such goods, wares, and merchandize, of the pany, without

duties of customs or excise due on the importation thereof , fub- payment of

ject nevertheless to the rules, regulations, and restrictions, re-duty .

quired by this act: provided always, that no such goods, wares,

or merchandize shall be so lodged or secured, unless and until

such warehouses and other works belonging or to belong thereto

shall be so far completed, that, in the judgement of the lord high-

treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the

time being, or any three or more of them, the same shall be fit

and proper in every respect for the reception of such goods, wares,

and merchandize, and wherein the fame may respectively be

safely and securely deposited and remain, under the regulations

and directions of this act ; and the said lord high- treasurer, or

commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any

three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered,

by writing under his or their hand or hands, to certify and make

known his or their approbation of such warehouses ; which certificate shall be published three times at least in the London Ga-

zette, andintwo or more publick morning newspapers then usually

circulated in London.

III . And whereas from the bulk of certain articles , or from other

circumstances, such articles cannot be conveniently lodged andfecured

in warehouses according to this act ; be it therefore further enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers, Bulky goods

proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees , of any goods, enumerated

wares, or merchandize, enumerated or described in the table in table (C. )

imported into

hereunto annexed, marked (C.), which shall be legally imported London, to bę

or brought into the said port of London, to land any such goods secured on

without payment at the time of the first entry of such goods, bond.

wares, and merchandize, of the duties of customs due on the

importation thereof , and such goods may be lodged and secured

at or in such places, and under such rules, regulations, and re-

strictions , as the commissioners of the customs in England, or

any four or more of them, shall approve and direct, upon the said

886 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. [1803.

said importer , proprietor, or consignee, entering into bond to his

Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient surety, to

be approved ofby the collector and comptroller of the customs

of the said port of London, in double the amount of the full duties

due and payable on the importation of such goods, wares, and

merchandize, with condition that such goods, wares, and merchandize, thall be either duly exported in the manner, and

under such rules, regulations, and restrictions , so far as the fame

are applicable thereto, as by this act are directed in respect of

goods, wares, or merchandize, secured in warehouses as aforesaid , and exported directly from thence ; or that the full duties

due and payable on the importation of such goods , wares, or

merchandize, shall be paid to the collector, or other proper of-

ficer of the customs, within the space of twelve months from the

date of the first entry of such goods .

IV. And whereas it is expedient, from the nature and quality of

certain goods, wares, and merchandize, that the fameshould , for the

accommodation of the importers thereof , be secured in warehouses of a

particular description, without payment at the time of the first entry

of the duties of customs due on the importation thereof ; be it there-

Goods enu-

merated in

table (D. )

imported into

London, to

be secured

onbond:

fore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or

consignees, of any of the goods, wares, or merchandize, enu-

merated or described in the table hereunto annexed, marked

( D.), and which shall be legally imported or brought into the

port of London, to lodge and secure the same, under the joint

locks of the crown and the merchant, in such warehouse or ware-

houses as may be fit and proper for the reception and fafe cuf-

tody of such goods, wares, and merchandize, without payment,

atthe time of the first entry, of the duties of customs due on the

importation thereof ; provided it shall be made appear to the

satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in

England , or any four or more of them, that such warehouses are

in every respect proper for the purpose ofsecuring such goods,

wares, and merchandize, without risk to the revenue; and provided also, that the importer, proprietor, or consignee of any

such goods, wares, and merchandize , shall enter into bond to

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient surety,

to be approved of by the collector and comptroller of the port

of London, in double the amount of the duties of customs due

and payable on the importation of such goods, wares, and merchandize , and with such conditions as are by this act required

with respect to the bonds to be given for the duties on the

Such goods

goods, wares, and merchandize, enumerated in table (C).

tobe liable to

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the goods,

all the rules required by

wares, and merchandize, enumerated and described in the said

table , marked (D. ) , thall be subject and liable to all the rules,

theact.

regulations, and restrictions, required by this act with respect to

goods, wares, and merchandize, secured in warehouses under

the authority thereof .

F

Goods enu.

merated in

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

Σ

1

3

4

3 .

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 887

lawful for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, Table (E. )

consignee or consignees, of any of the goods, wares, and mer. imported in-

to London, to

chandize, enumerated or described in the table hereunto an- be securedin

nexed, marked (E.), and which shall have been legally imported warehouses

orbrought into the port of London, to lodge and secure in a ware- without pay-

house or warehouses to be provided for that purpose, any such ment of duty.

goods, wares, and merchandize, under the joint locks of the

crown and the merchant, without payment at the time of the

first entry of the duties of customs due on the importation

thereof .

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Such goods

goods, wares, or merchandize, so enumerated or described in the not to be

said table marked (E.) shall be permitted to be so lodged or long

lodged in warehouse

secured, unless and until it shall have been made appear to the until the

satisfaction of the lord high-treasurer, or the commissioners of warchouse

his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more shall appear

on

of them, that the said warehouse or warehouses are complete, certica

fit , and proper in every respect for the reception of such goods, plete.

wares, and merchandize, and wherein the same may be safely

and securely deposited ; and such goods, wares , and merchandize, so lodged and secured in such warehouses, shall in all

other respects be subject and liable to the rules, regulations, and

restrictions, in this act contained.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing At not to

in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to perinit goods

permit or allow any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, to tobeimported

or exported

be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any way or

contrary to

manner contrary to any act or acts of parliament in force on or act ofpar-

immediately before the passing of this act.

liament.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Treasury may

lord high-treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's trea- permit other

fury for the time being, or any three or more of them, thall deem it goods to be

warehoused

expedient that the provisions of this act shall be extended to without pay-

any goods, wares , and merchandize, not enumerated or de- ment of duty.

scribed in either of the tables to this act annexed, and shall cause

a list of such goods, wares, and merchandize to be published in

the London Gazette, then and from thenceforth all and every the

provisions, regulations, and restrictions of this act shall extend

and be construed to extend to such goods, wares, and merchandize, in every respect, in as full and ample a manner as if the

same had been inserted and enumerated in the said tables respecс-

tively, at the time of passing this act.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the benefit and accommodation

to trade granted by this act should be extended tofuch ports in Great

Britain which, from the nature and extent of the trade carried on at

any such port, the convenience of situation , and thesecurity that

may

be afforded to the revenue by the construction of docks, warehouses, or

other places, properly adapted for the reception andsafe custody of The benefits

goods according to the nature thereof , may be deemed entitled thereto ; of the act

be it therefore enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for his extended to

Majesty, by his order in council , to permit such of thegoods, other ports

on certain

wares, conditions.

888 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 132. [1803.

wares, and merchandize enumerated or described in either of the

tables annexed to this act, marked ( A. ), (B.), ( C. ) (D. ), and

(E.) , or such other articles which by virtue of this act may

hereafter be added to such tables, and which may be deemed

proper and fit to be landed and lodged in warehouses, or other-

wise secured, according to the directions of this act, at any port

of Great Britain, without payment at the time of the first entry

of the duties of customs or excise due on the importation there-

of; provided it shall be made to appear that such port is, with

respect to the trade and commerce carried on therein, and from

the nature ofits situation, a port to which it would be just and

reasonable to extend the advantages by this act granted, and

also that docks, wharfs, and warehouses shall have been built and

erected within such port, complete, fit, and proper in every respect

for the landing and reception of any such goods, wares, or merchandize , and wherein the same may respectively be safely imported and landed and securely deposited, according to the nature

thereof, as classed and described in the several tables hereunto

annexed, and wherein the same may remain under the regulations of this act : provided also, that no goods, wares, or

merchandize whatever shall be landed at any such port and

warehoused, or otherwise secured, without payment at the time

of the first entry of the duties of customs and excise due on the

importation thereof , unless and until his Majesty's said order in

council shall have been published three times at least in the

London Gazette, together with a lift of such goods, wares , and

merchandize, so permitted to be landed and warehoused, or

otherwise secured, at any such port, and also a list of such places

within such ports as shall be deemed fit for the deposit and se-

curity of such goods, wares, and merchandize respectively, according to the nature thereof; and from and after the day

mentioned in such order in council, all and every the provisions,

powers, authorities, penalties , forfeitures, regulations, acts , mat-

ters, and things, relating to the landing, warehousing, or other-

wife securing of goods, wares, and merchandize under this act,

and the duties due and payable thereon, shall extend and be construed to extend to the port or ports named in such order, in

like manner in every respect, and as fully and amply as if such

Nogoods butthose

port or ports had been expressly named in this act ,

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act

enumerated,

shall not extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any

or those to

goods, wares, or merchandize (other than such as are enumerated

which the

or described in the said tables to this act annexed, and such other

provisions of goods, wares, or merchandize, to which the provisions of this

theact shall act shall be extended in manner aforesaid ) to be lodged in

be extended,

shall be ware. warehouses, or otherwise secured under the authority of this

housed. act.

Goods tobe XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

warehoused to before any goods, wares, or merchandize shall be lodged in

be regularly

entered and warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the directions of

landed, a core this act, the same shall be duly entered with the proper officer or

officers

1

ا

A

6

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 889

officers of the customs, and regularly landed; and the proper rect account

officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall, on such landing , landing, and

to be taken at

or as soon after as conveniently may be, examine the fame, and the contents

take a particular and correct account of the quantity, quality, marked on

species, number, and contents thereof , which account shall be the packages.

regularly entered in a book or books to be provided and kept

for that purpose, in such manner as the commissioners of the

customs in England and Scotland respectively shall from time to

time think proper to direct ; and the contents shall also be

marked by or under the direction and inspection of the said officer

or officers, in distinct and legible characters, on each and every

package, in all cases where the same shall be practicable; and no

allowance, either for damage or on any other account whatever,

shall be made on any goods, wares, or merchandize, unless the

importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or

consignees, at the time such goods, wares, or merchandize, are

first examined as aforesaid, shall claim or demand the allowance

to which by law they may be entitled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no goods , wares , or Goods to be

merchandize, which shall have been lodged in any warehouse delivered for

or warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the directions exportation withoutpay-

of his act , shall be delivered from or taken out of any such ment of duty,

warehouse or place, but upon the following conditions ; (that is on bond; and

to say,) if any such goods , wares, or merchandize, shall be in- when delivered out for

tended to be delivered or taken from thence respectively for ex- homecom

portation to foreign parts, the proprietor or proprietors, or ex- fumption, full

porter or exporters of such goods, wares, or merchandize, may duties to be

so take the same for exportation, without payment of any duty paid.

of customs whatever, ( except as hereinafter mentioned, ) provided

such proprietor or proprietors, or exporter or exporters, shall,

before any such goods, wares, or merchandize, are delivered or

taken from thence, make a due entry thereof with the proper

officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, and small, together

with the master or other person having or taking the charge or

command of the ship or vessel in which such goods, wares, or

merchandize, are intended to be exported, and one other fuffi-

cient surety , to be approved of by the collector or comptroller

of the customs at the port of exportation, enter into bond to his

Majesty, his heirs and successors, in treble the value thereof,

with condition that the said goods, wares, or merchandize, in-

tended to be exported, shall be landed at the respective ports or

places for which the same shall have been entered, and that no

part of the same shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in

the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the

island of Faro or Ferro, which bond shall and may be discharged

in the manner hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to say, ) for such

of the said goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be entered

for or landed in Ireland, or any part of Europe not within the

Streights of Gibraltar, the condition of the bond shall be to

bring a certificate in discharge thereof , within six months from

the date of the bond ; and for such of the said goods, wares, and

mer-

892 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 132. [ 1803.

Bywhom warehouse

XVII. Provided always , That in all cases wherein any goods,

rent to be

wares , or merchandize, are by this act permitted to be lodged

paid.

in warehouses, or otherwise secured, the expence of warehouse

rent, and all other charges, shall be paid by the importer, pro-

prietor, or consignee of any such goods, wares, or merchandize ;

and in case it shall be deemed expedient that any warehouse or

warehouses should be provided or erected at the charge of the

crown, for the purpose of securing therein any of the goods ,

wares, or merchandize, enumerated or described in either of the

tables hereunto annexed, marked ( C. ) , ( D. ), and (E. ), the impor-

ter, proprietor, or consignee of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall pay to the persons who may be appointed by the

commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England or Scotland

respectively to receive the same, warehouse rent for such goods,

wares, or merchandize, to be estimated according to the usual

rate of such rent for the like articles paid at the port of importa-

tion ; and such estimate shall be made, and the rate of payment

fixed accordingly by the said commissioners of the customs in

England or Scotland respectively, with the consent and approba-

tion of the lord high- treasurer, or the commissioners of his

Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of

them.

Goods not to

be exported

in vessels under seventy

tons.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares , or

merchandize whatever, which shall have been lodged in ware-

houses, or otherwise secured according to the regulations of this

act , shall afterwards be exported from any such warehouse or

place, or entered for exportation in any ship or vessel whatever,

which shall not be of the burthen of seventy tons or upwards :

provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or

be construed to extend to repeal or alter any provision in any

act or acts of parliament in force at the time of passing this act,

relating to the tonnage of any vessel in which any goods, wares,

or merchandize, may be exported from Great Britain.

Howgoods

are to be

taken out of

warehouse.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares, or

merchandize, shall be delivered out of , or taken from any ware-

house or place in which the fame shall have been lodged or secured

by virtue or in pursuance of this act, other than in the packages

in which the same shall have been originally respectively imported

from foreign parts, or in one entire quantity equal thereto, and

contained in a similar package ; nor shall any brandy, rum,

geneva, spirits , or aqua vitæ, be so taken out for exportation in

any less quantity than one entire cask , containing at least one

hundred gallons ; nor any wine in less than one entire cask ,

containing forty-five gallons .

Package of

coffee or

cocca-nuts.

XX. Provided always , That it shall be lawful, under the in-

spection of the respective officers of customs and excise, to re-

pack for exportation only coffee or cocoa-nuts, in any other fort

ofpackage than that in which the fame was originally imported,

provided the quantity contained in such repackage be not less

than four hundred weight. ebong ng

XXI. And

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 893

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares, or Regulation as

merchandize, the duties of which shall have been secured by to delivery of

bond, and which shall have been imported in bulk, shall be de- goods import-

livered , except in the whole quantity for which such bond shall

edinbulk.

have been given, or a quantity not less than one ton weight,

unless by special leave of the commissioners of his Majesty's

customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any three or more

of them, such leave to be had and obtained previous to such de-

livery ; and before any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be

delivered out of, or taken from such warehouse, each and every

package shall be marked in such distinguishing manner as the

said commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and

1

Scotland respectively shall from time to time direct .

XXII. And whereas by an act, passed in this presentfeffion of

parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty during

the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty

of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of

certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of

1

ships and vessels in Great Britain ; additional duties of customs

were granted and charged on certain goods, wares, and merchandize,

imported or brought into Great Britain ; and whereas it is expedient

that the said duties of customs should be charged and payable on all

goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into Great Britain (except

sugar) which shall have been warehoused , or otherwisefecured under

the provisions of his act, whether the fame shall be intended to be exportedfrom Great Britain , or to be used or consumed therein : be it

✓ therefore enacted, That before any goods , wares , or merchandize Duties im-

(except sugar) , which shall have been lodged in any warehouse posed by an

for warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the directions act of this

session, c. 70.

of this act, shall be delivered from thence for the purpose of to be payable

✓ being exported from Great Britain, the exporter or proprietor of on the expor- of ware-

any such goods , wares, or merchandize, shall make a due entry tatiofed goods,

✓ thereof with the proper officer or officers of the customs, and

except sugar.

shall pay down in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, the full amount of the said additional duties of

customs granted by the said recited act, which would have been

✓ due and payable for the fame in case such goods , wares, or merchandize had been taken from the warehouse or place wherein

they had been lodged or secured for the purpose of being used or

consumed in Great Britain ; any thing in this act, or in any

f other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII . Provided always, That when any goods, wares, or Goods ex-

merchandize are intended to be taken out of or from any ware- ported to be

house or place in which the same shall have been lodged or fe- re-examined,

and duty to

cured according to the directions of this act , for exportation, the be paid for

✔ proper officer or officers of the customs shall re-examine such deficiencies .

goods, wares, or merchandize ; and in case it shall appear on

such re- examination that the quantity or contents of any such

goods, wares, or merchandize is or are less than the quantity

or contents taken by the proper officer or officers of the customs

by virtue and in pursuance of this act, at the first examination of

890 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. [1803 .

merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed at Gibraltar, or

any foreign parts within the Streights of Gibraltar, within twelve

months from thedate of the bond; and for such of the said goods,

wares, or merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed in any

part of Africa, not within the Streights of Gibraltar , and on this

fide the Cape of Good Hope, or in any part ofAmerica , within

eighteen months from the date of the bond; and for such of the

said goods, wares , or merchandize, as shall be entered for or

landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the

Cape ofGood Hope, within thirty months from the date of the

bond; which said certificate for such goods, wares, or merchandize before mentioned, as shall be landed in any port or place

in Ireland , or any part of his Majesty's dominions, plantations,

or settlements, where any officer of his Majesty's customs shall

beresident, ( hall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his

Majesty's customs, there certifying that such goods, wares , or

merchandize, were there landed, and for want of such officer

residing there , such certificate shall then be signed by the go-

vernor of such islands, dominions, plantations, or settlements,

or in his absence by the deputy-governor thereof respectively ;

and for such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be landed

at any foreign port or place, such certificate shall be signed by

the British consul or vice-consul residing there; and if there shall

be no such consul or vice-consul, then such certificate shall be

under the hand and common seal of the chief magistrate of such

port or place ; or if there be no such chief magistrate , then

under the hands and seals of two known British merchants , then

resident at such port or place, testifying that such goods, wares,

or merchandize, were there landed; and such bond may also be

discharged, upon proof made to the satisfaction of the commif-

fioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively for

the time being, that such goods, wares, and merchandize were

taken by enemies, or perished in the feas ; and if any such goods,

wares, or merchandize so warehoused, or otherwise secured as

aforesaid, shall be intended to be taken from the warehouse or

place wherein the fame may have been lodged or secured, to

be used or consumed in Great Britain, the person or persons fo

taking out or taking away the same shall first pay down in

ready money to the collector, or other proper officer or officers

of the customs, the full duties of customs due and payable on

the importation of any such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively into Great Britain, at the time the same shall be fo

taken out for the purpose ofbeing so used or consumed , accord-

ing to the account taken thereof at the first examination by the

officer or officers of the customs, without any deduction or abatement whatever on account of any deficiency arising from waste ,

or from any other cause, of what nature foever the same may

be, except as by this act is otherwise provided: provided always,

that when by reason of any effect produced by weather, or the

time any such goods, wares, or merchandize, may have been fo

1

warehoused , the same shall not correspond in weight with the

first

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 891

first accounttaken as aforesaid, but shall have increased in weight,

such increase in weight shall not subject the same to any forfei-

ture , but the full duties of customs payable on such excess of

weight beyond such first account shall be charged and paid, to-

gether with the other duties , according to such first account fo

taken as aforesaid : provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require any bond

to be given or entered into with the officer of the customs, for

or in respect of the exportation from any such warehouse of any

wine, brandy , rum, geneva, or any other spirits .

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Allowance

respect of coffee and cocoa-nuts warehoused under the authority for waste in

1

1

1

of this act, an allowance shall be made by the proper officer or

coffee and

cocoa- nuts .

officers of the customs and excise to the respective importers,

proprietors , or consignees of any such coffee or cocoa-nuts, at

and after the rate of two pounds for every one hundred pounds

weight of such coffee or cocoa-nuts, as a full compensation for

1

all lofs , waste, or damage whatsoever, whether occasioned by

garbling or otherwise, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any goods , wares, or Goods em-

merchandize, warehoused, or otherwise secured under the autho- bezzled or

rity of this act, shall be embezzled, or fraudulently or clandef - concealed ,

forfeited, and

tinely hid or concealed in , or fraudulently or clandestinely re- the parties

moved from or out of any warehouse or place wherein the fame liable to pe

shall have been so lodged or secured, all such goods, wares, or nalty.

merchandize so embezzled , or fraudulently or clandestinely hid

or concealed, or removed, together with the packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seised by

any officer or officers of the customs or of excise, in cases where

that revenue is concerned ; and the person or persons so embez-

zling , hiding, concealing, or removing the same, or aiding or

assisting therein, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly

come , shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties

as if such goods, wares, and merchandize, had been fraudulently

✔unshipped or landed without payment ofduty .

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods , Duties not to

wares, or merchandize, warehoused , or otherwise secured in pur- bepaid on

suance of this act, shall be destroyed by fire , it shall not be goods de-

lawful for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, fire. Itroyed by

consignee or consignees of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, or for any other person or persons whatever, to claim or

demand, or to maintain any action or suit on any account what-

1

ever against his Majesty or the commissioners of his Majesty's

customs or excise, or any officer of the customs or excise, or

other person employed bythe said commissioners respectively, for

any compensation for or on account or by reason of such goods,

wares, or merchandize, having been destroyed by fire as aforesaid ; and no duty of customs or excise whatever shall be de-

manded or paid for any goods, wares, or merchandize fo

destroyed as aforesaid . XVII. Pro-

894 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. [1803.

of such goods, wares , or merchandize, then and in such case

the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or

consignees of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or the person

or persons intending to take out the fame, shall, before the same

are so delivered out of the warehouse for the purpose aforesaid ,

make a due entry of such deficient quantity, and pay to the pro-

per officer or officers of the customs the full duties of customs

thereon, except as by this act is otherwise provided.

Goods ex-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That on the shipping for

ported, a certificate to

exportation to foreign parts of any goods, wares, or merchandize,

be granted by which shall have been warehoused, or otherwise lodged or secured,

the proper officer indif

according to the directions of this act, the searcher, or other

proper officers of the customs, thall, after due examination

charge of importer's

thereof , give without fee or reward to the exporter of such

account.

goods, wares, or merchandize, or his agent, a full and correct

certificate, specifying the quantity, quality, and species of the

goods, wares, or merchandize so shipped, which certificate shall

afterwards be delivered to such officer or other person, as the

said commissioners of the customs in England or Scotland respectively shall think proper to direct, in order that the fame may

be entered in a book or books to be provided for the purpose of

keeping such accounts as the said commissioners may think

necessary and proper, with the importer or importers, proprietor

or proprietors, consignee or consignees of goods, wares, and

merchandize warehoused, or otherwise secured, according to the

directions of this act ; which certificate, as far as the fame will

apply, shall go in discharge of the accounts of such goods, wares ,

and merchandize so warehoused, or in discharge, as far as the

fame will apply, of the bond given by any such importer, pro-

prietor, or consignee respectively , for the payment of the duties

of customs on such goods, wares, or merchandize.

Drawbacks to XXV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any goods,

be allowed on wares, or merchandize, on which the full duties shall have been

goods where

fullduties

paid, and which shall afterwards be delivered or taken from any

have been

warehouse or other place where the same shall have been lodged

paid, in cer-

or secured, according to the directions of this act , shall be duly

Taincafes.

exported from Great Britain, the exporter or exporters thereof

shall be allowed such and the like drawbacks of the duties of

customs as would have been allowed on the exportation of any

such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively , in case this act

had not been made; and also such and the like drawbacks of the

duties of excise with respect to any wine on which the full duties

ofexcise shall have been paid ; provided the same respectively

are exported within the space of one year from the time of the

payment of such full duties thereon .

Rummaybe XXVI . Provided always , That nothing in this act shall ex-

hipped as

stores without tend or be construed to extend to prevent rum of the produce of

payment of

the British plantations, having been warehoused under the au-

duty.thority of this act, from being delivered from such warehouse

for the purpose of being shipped as stores without payment of

any duty of customs, subject nevertheless, as far as the same are applicable ,

1803.) Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 895

applicable, to all the conditions, regulations, restrictions and fe-

curities required by any act or acts of parliament in force on or

immediately before the passing of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods, Goods, after

wares, or merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or having been

otherwise secured according to the directions of this act, shall, entered for exportation,

after having been entered for exportation, be fraudulently un- iffraudulent-

shipped or relanded, except by necessity or distress, to be proved ly relanded,

to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England subject to

or Scotland respectively, the fame shall be forfeited, and shalland forfeiture.

at may be seised by any officer or officers of the customs.

XXVIII. And whereas the laws now in force, made to prevent

thefraudulently unshipping or relanding ofgoods, wares, or merchandize , shipped for exportation toforeign parts, have not beensufficient

to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient, in

order to preventfuch illicit practices in future, that where any goods,

✓ wares, or merchandize, which shall have been shipped for exportation

to foreign parts, are by the laws now in force, or by this present act,

made liable to forfeiture for being fraudulently unshipped or relanded ,

that the ship or vessel out of or from which any such goods, wares, or

merchandize, shall beso unshipped or relanded, should also be subject

1

and liable to forfeiture ; be it therefore enacted, That where by Vessels, out

this present act , or any other act or acts of parliament in force of which

at the time of passing this act, any goods, wares, or merchandize, goods entered

for exporta-

which shall have been shipped in order to be exported to foreign tionhave been

parts, are or shall be liable to forfeiture for or on account of the relanded, are

fame being unshipped or relanded, then and in such cases the subject to

ship or vessel out of or from which any such goods, wares, or

forfeiture.

merchandize, shall be so unshipped or relanded, shall be subject

S

and liable to forfeiture, and shall and may be seised by any officer

or officers of the customs or of the excise, in cases where that

revenue is concerned : provided always, that in any case in

which it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners

of the customs in England or Scotland respectively, or of the ex-

cife, as the cafe may be, that such goods so unshipped or re-

landed either did not form any part of the cargo of the said ship

or vessel, or were of small value, and that from the nature and

quantity of such goods, wares, or merchandize, and the circum-

stances attending the unshipping or relanding thereof , the

same was done without the privity or knowledge of the master

of such ship or vessel, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners

to remit such forfeiture, and declare the seisure of such ship or

vessel to be null and void ; and in such case no person or persons

whatever shall be entitled to bring or maintain any suit or action

on account of any such seisure as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the importer or im Goods, if not

porters, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of taken out of

warehouse

any goods, wares, or merchandize, which shall have been within a li-

lodged in any warehouse or warehouses, to be provided accord- mited time,

6

ing to the directions of this act, or otherwise secured , shall within to be fold.

fifteen calendar months, to be computed from the day on which

such

896 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. [1803.

such importers, proprietors, or consignees of such goods, wares ,

or merchandize, shall have made their first entry thereof , clear

and take from and out of such warehouses or places respectively,

either for exportation, according to the directions of this act, or

tobeconsumed in Great Britain, all such goods, wares, or merchandize ; and in case such importers , proprietors, or consignees,

shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the

said commissioners of the customs in England or Scotland respectively, to cause all such goods, wares, or merchandize, to be

publickly fold or exposed to sale ; and after such sale the produce

thereof is first to be applied to or towards the payment of the

freight, primage, and charges of warehouse-room, and other

charges that shall arise thereon ; next the duties of customs and

excise ; and the overplus, if any, to be paid to the proprietor or

other persons authorised to receive the same: provided that no

such goods , wares , or merchandize, shall be so sold, unless a

price can be obtained for the fameequal at least to the full amount

of all duties of customs and excise charged and chargeable

thereon, together with the expences thereon ; but if such price

cannot be obtained, then and in such case all such goods, wares,

or merchandize, shall be effectually destroyed by and in the pre-

fence of the proper officer of the customs , and also of the officers

of the excise, in cases where that revenue is concerned, who are

hereby respectively authorised and required to destroy the fame

accordingly ; and the proprietor or owner of any such goods,

wares, and merchandize, shall have no claim, either in law or

equity, to the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or

any part thereof so destroyed as aforesaid ; any law, custom, or

usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Compensation XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

to be made to lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in

officers.

England or Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorised

and required, to make such allowance to the present officers,

clerks, and all other persons employed in the service of the cus-

toms, whose income shall be reduced by the operation of his act,

in lieu of and by way of compensation and satisfaction for the

same, as they in their discretion (having regard as well to the

credible subsistence of the officers, as to publick economy) shall

Preserving

judge necessary : provided always, that nothing in this act con-

certain rights. tained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in

anywise alter the duties of package, scavage, balliage, or portage,

or any other duties payable to the mayor or commonalty and

citizens of the city of London, or to the lord-mayor of the said

city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate

within Great Britain, or to repeal or in anyways alter the prizage

of wine, the duty called butlerage, or any other special privilege

or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politic or

corporate, is or are now entitled by law ; but the same shall be

continued as heretofore.

Act not to

affect 39 XXXI . Provided always, andbe it further enacted, Thatnothing

Geo. 3. c. 69. in this act contained thall extend or be construed to extend to repeal

(Local):

1

1

1

$

6

1803. ] Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 132 . 897

peal or vary any of the provisions contained in an act passed in

the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled,

An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the

port of London ; or in an act passed in the forty-second year of

his present Majesty's reign, intituled , An act to alter and amend 42 Geo. 3 .

an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, c. 113 .

intituled, " An actfor rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the port of London, " so far as the fame relates to the concerns

of the West-India dock company thereby established, and for extending

to other objects the compensations directed to be made by the said aft;

or in another act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of

his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An actfor making wet docks, 39 & 40 Geo.

basons, cuts, and other works for the greater accommodation andfecu- 3. С. 47.

rity ofshipping , commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

XXXII. And whereas certain of the goods, wares, or merchandize

intended to be warehoused under the provision of this act, are subject

to very high duties of excise on the importation thereof , and it is there-

fore expedient that the said goods, wares, or merchandize should be imported , landed , warehoused, and delivered for home consumption or

exportation, as the cafe may require, under the rules , regulations, and

restrictions respectively hereinafter provided ; be it therefore further Entry to be

enacted, That before any goods, wares, or merchandize, subject made of

or liable to a duty of excise, on the importation thereof , shall be exciseable

unshipped or landed for the purpose of being warehoused before articles imported ,be-

payment of the duties, the importer or proprietor shall make fore landing .

entry thereof in writing with the proper collector of excise, spe-

cifying in such entry the name of the ship or vessel, and the

master thereof , the number and marks of the cafks , cafes, bags,

boxes , or other packages, the kind or species of goods, wares , or

merchandize contained in each, and at what port or place the

fame was loaded or taken in.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no foreign brandy, Prescribing

rum, Geneva, spirits , or aqua vitæ shall be warehoused before size ofcasks

payment of the duties, unless the same shall be imported in cafks and pack- ages for spi-

of one hundred gallons each at the least ; nor shall any foreign rits, wine ,

wine be so warehoused before payment of duty, unless imported and coffee.

incasks containing at least forty - five gallons each ; nor shall any

coffee or cocoa- nuts be fo warehoused before payment of duty,

unless the same shall be contained in cafks , bags, boxes , or

other packages of at least one hundred and twelve pounds net

weight each.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted , That before any such Bond to be

goods, wares, or merchandize, subject to any duty of excise, shall given for

exciseable

be allowed to be warehoused before payment of the duties, good commodi

and sufficient security shall be given, to be approved by the com- ties .

missioners of excise, or the person or persons appointed or employed by them for that purpose, which security such person or

persons are hereby authorised and empowered to take by bond

in double the value of the duties charged or chargeable on such

goods, wares, and merchandize respectively, for payment of all

and every the said duties respectively, before the same shall be

VOL. XLIV. 3M taken

898 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. [1803.

taken or delivered out of any warehouse in which the same shall

or may be, or may have been lodged or deposited under or by

virtue of this act, for home consumption ; or in case the fame

shall not be taken or delivered out of any such warehouse as

aforesaid for home consumption on payment of the duties, or for

exportation, within one year from and after the day of the date

of the bond so given or entered into in respect thereof as aforesaid, then to pay all and every the duties charged and chargeable

on the said goods, wares, or merchandize respectively at the end

of the said year, together with all charges that may be incurred

by the officers of excise for or in respect of such goods, wares,

or merchandize respectively .

Warrant

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such goods, wares,

from the

collector of

or merchandize, subject to a duty of excise, shall be unshipped or

excise to be

landed, and lodged or deposited in any such warehouse as afore-

obtainedbe.

said , without a warrant for that purpose from the proper collector

fore landing

of excise, nor without the presence of an officer or officers of

or ware- housing.

excise ; and if any such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be so

unshipped or landed without a warrant from such collector of

excise, or without the presence of an excise officer, the same shall

not be allowed to be warehoused under the authority of this act,

but shall be subject to forfeiture as by any law or laws of excise

now in force, or hereafter to be made.

No two ar-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares,

ticles subject

todifferent

or merchandize subject to different duties of excise ,shall be wil-

duties of

fully and knowingly lodged or deposited in one and the fame

excise to be warehoused

room, place, or apartment, in any such warehouse or warehouses

as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting all such goods, wares, or mer-

together.

chandize, subject to different duties of excise, together with the

packages containing the same, that shall be so wilfully and know-

ingly lodged or deposited in any such room, place, or apartment

as aforesaid ; all which shall and may be seized by any officer or

officers of excise.

Goods tobe

stowedso as

to afford access to the

packages.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted , That all goods, wares,

or merchandize, secured in warehouses under the authority of

this act, shall be stowed away, placed, and deposited in the said

warehouses, in such manner as that easy and convenient access

may be had to every cask, cafe, bag, box, or other package, for

the purpose of examining and taking a true account of the con-

tents thereof ; and if the owner or proprietor of any such goods,

wares, or merchandize, or any warehouse-keeper or agent, shall

omit, neglect, or refuse so to stow away, place, and deposit the

same, or cause the same to be so stowed away, placed, or deposited ,

as hereby directed, at his or their own charge or expence, he or

they shall for every such omission, neglect, or refusal as aforesaid,

forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Notice to

be given of

taking goods

out of ware-

house.

XXXVIII . And be it further enacted, That before any such

goods , wares , or merchandize, subject to a duty of excise , shall

be taken or delivered out of any such warehouse or warehouses

as aforesaid , either for home consumption or exportation, the

importer or proprietor thereof shall, and he is hereby required to

give

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. give at least twenty-four hours' notice in writing to the proper

899

1

collector or officer of excise, of his intention so to take out such

goods, wares, or merchandize, specifying in such notice the particular goods, wares, or merchandize so intended to be taken out ,

the number, marks, and description of each package, and the

コ

kind andspecies of goods therein contained, the ship or vessel by

which the fame was imported, the particular warehouse or ware-

houses in which the same is or are deposited, and whether to be

taken out for home consumption or exportation ; and in cafe the

3

at

E

same shall be intended to be taken out for home consumption, then

the excise duties charged or chargeable thereon shall be paid down

to the proper collector of excise, according to the account first

taken on the landing thereof , before any such goods, wares, or merchandize , shall be taken or delivered out of any such warehouse

or warehouses ; or in cafe the same shall be intended to be taken

81

out for exportation without payment of duty, then the proprietor

or exporter thereof shall, before the delivery thereof out of any

such warehouse or warehouses, give good and sufficient security,

to be approved by the commissioners of excise, or the person or

persons appointed or employed by them for that purpose, which

security such person or persons are hereby authorised and empowered to take, by bond, in double the value of the duties

11

charged or chargeable thereon for home consumption, that the

same and every part thereof shall be duly shipped and exported

to parts beyond the seas, and shall not be unshipped, unladen, or

put on board any other ship, vessel, or boat (shipwreck or other

unavoidable accident excepted), nor relanded in any part or

place in Great Britain, or in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Al-

derney, Sark, or Man ; provided always, that nothing in this act

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require or authorise

any bond to be taken by the commissioners or officers of excise

-in respect to the exportation of coffee or cocoa- nuts .

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such goods, Goods to be

wares , or merchandize, subject to a duty of excise, shall be taken delivered in

or delivered out of any such warehouses, either for home con- the presence

sumption or exportation, fave and except in the presence of the

of the offi.

proper officer or officers of excise ; and the removal and shipping

cer.

of all such of the said goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be

intended for exportation, except coffee or cocoa-nuts, shall be

attended and the same shall be seen on shipboard by the proper

officer of excise.

XL. And be it further enacted , That all such goods, wares, Goods for

or merchandize, subject to a duty of excise , which shall be deli- home con-

vered or taken out of any such warehouse for home comfumption, sumption to

be accompa-

shall be accompanied by an excise-permit, granted according to nied byper-

the laws in that cafe made and provided ; and in cafe any such mits, and

goods , wares , or merchandize, coffee and cocoa- nuts excepted, those for ex-

shall be delivered ortaken out of such warehouse for exportation, portation to

the fame and every part thereof shall forthwith, and without un- shipped.

be forthwith

necessary delay, and in the presence of the proper officer of excise

orak as aforesaid , be carried to and put on board the ship or vessel in

3 M 2 which

900 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 132. [1803.

which the same are intended to be exported ; and in case the same

or any part thereof shall be altered in quantity or quality, after

being delivered from or out of the warehouses, and before exported , or shall not be actually put on board such ship or vessel,

or if the whole, or any part thereof , shall, after being so shipped,

be unshipped or put into any other ship or vessel, or into any

boat ( thipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted) , or shall

be relanded in Great Britain, all such goods, wares, or merchandize , the shipping of which shall be so omitted or neglected, or

which shall be altered in quantity or quality, or shall be un-

shipped or relanded, shall, together with the packages containing

the fame , be forfeited, over and above the penalty of the bond

given or entered into in respect of the exportation thereof , and

Officers of

shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

excise to

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

take ac-

lawful to and for the proper officer or officers of excise to take a

countbefore true and particular account of the quantity , quality , and species

goods are ofall such goods, wares, or merchandize, subject to a duty of

warehoused , excise, which shall be proposed or intended to be or shall be ware

and take

samples.

housed before payment of the duties , by weight, gauge, tale, or

otherwise, as the case may require, while the fame shall be re-

maining on shipboard, or while in any boat , barge, lighter, or

vessel, or as soon as the same shall be landed , or whilst the same

shall remain on any wharf , quay, or other place whatever, and

alsowhile the same shall be remaining in such warehouse or ware-

houses as aforesaid , in order to ascertain and secure the duty orduties

ofexcife chargeable thereon ; and such officer or officers of excise

shall be permitted at any time to take a sample of any such

goods, wares, or merchandize as aforesaid; that is to say, out of

every cask of any kind of spirits a sample not exceeding half a

pint , and out of every cask or other package of coffee or cocoa-

nuts a sample not exceeding one ounce ; which samples shall be

regularly marked and registered, and securely kept by the proper

officer or officers of excise, until the goods , wares, or merchandize to which the fame particularly refers shall have been legally

delivered for home consumption, or for exportation.

Importer or

proprietor to

take samples.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

lawful for the importer or proprietor of any such goods, wares,

or merchandize, subject to a duty of excise, at any time in the

presence of the proper officer of excise, to take a sample thereof;

that is to say, out of each cask of any kind of spirits or wine not

more than half a pint , and out of every cask or other package

of coffee or cocoa- nuts not more than two ounces ; provided that

no more than two such last-mentioned samples shall be taken,

save and except in any cafe where the former sample shall be re-

turned .

Importer or proprietor mayexamine goods in the

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every such importer

or proprietor, who may have occasion or be desirous to inspect or

examine any such goods, wares, or merchandize to him belong-

prefenceof

ing , shall, upon giving four hours' notice in writing to the proper

the officers.

officer of excise, be permitted by such officer , with the concur-

rence

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 132 . 901

rence and in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the

customs, to enter into and remain in such warehouse or ware-

houses so long as shall be necessary, during the legal hours of

business, for the purpose of inspecting or examining such goods,

wares, or merchandize, or for making such lawful alterations

therein , or arrangements thereof , as may be necessary either for

the preservation and security thereof , or in order to the sale or

✓ legal disposal of the fame respectively: provided always , that no

such alterations or arrangements shall be made which may in

any respect tend to lessen his Majesty's duties, or to impede or

obstruct or otherwise embarrass the officers of customs and excise

in taking and keeping a true account thereof .

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the quantity of Duty tobe

any such goods, wares, or merchandize, subject to a duty of ex- paid for de-

✓cife, which, at the full end and expiration of one year from the

ficiencies .

day of the date of the bond given or entered into with the excise

in respect of such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall have been

duly delivered for home consumption, added to the quantity of

1

such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively which within the

like period shall have been duly exported, shall fall short or be

deficient of the actual quantity ascertained and taken account of

at the time of the importation thereof , then and in such cafe the

importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively, shall , and he is hereby required immediately to pay to

the proper collector of excise the whole of the excise-duties

charged or chargeable for or in respect of the quantity so deficient

as aforesaid; and upon the making of such payment, the bond

given or entered into for the due payment of the duties of excise

as aforesaid shall be delivered up and cancelled.

101 10

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers to

lawful to and for the proper officer or officers of customs and take account

excise to take a true and particular account of all coffee and of coffee and

cocoa- nuts which shall be, after the commencement of this act,

cocoa - nuts .

remaining in any warehouse or warehouses in which the fame

shall have been lodged or deposited before payment of the duties ;

and if any such coffee or cocoa-nuts shall not be duly cleared for

home consumption, or for exportation, within one year after

15

taking such account, it shall and may be lawful for the commif-

fioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, to

15 direct the same to be fold for and towards satisfying the duties

of customs and excise, and the charges attending such sales ; and

if any surplus shall remain after payment of such duties and

charges, the same shall be paid to the proprietor or owner of

such coffee or cocoa-nuts: provided, that if a price cannot be

obtained for such coffee and cocoa-nuts equal to the full amount

of the duties and charges, then and in such cafe such coffee and

cocoa-nuts shall be effectually destroyed in the same manner as

is by this act directed in case of any goods, wares, or merchandize required to be destroyed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted , That if any person or per- Penalty on

fons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose, or impede obstructing

any officer or officers of customs or excise in the due execution officers of

of excise .

902 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. [1803 .

of the powers or authorities by this act granted to such officer or

officers of excise, or any or either of them, every person so offend-

Regulations ing shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds .

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act

respecting tea, containedshall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter

tobacco, snuff ,

and spirits, any of the rules, regulations, restrictions , powers, provisions,

where not

clauses, matters, or things enacted by any law or laws of customs

repugnant to or excise in force at or immediately before the passing of this act,

act, not

repealed .

for or in respect of tea, tobacco , or snuff , or rum, spirits, or aqua

vitæ, of the produce of the British plantations in America ; but

that all and singular the said rules, regulations, restrictions , pow-

ers, provisions, clauses, matters , and things, enacted as aforesaid,

shall remain and continue in as full force and effect, the same not

being controlled by or repugnant to any of the provisions herein

contained, as if this act had not been made ; any thing herein to

the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Provisions of

former acts

not to be al-

tered .

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several rules,

regulations, restrictions , powers, provisions, clauses, matters, and

things enacted by any law or laws of excise in force at or im-

mediately before the passing of this act, whether in relation to the

importation or exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize

chargeable with duties of excise as aforesaid, or for the better af-

certaining or securing those duties, not being expressly repealed,

revoked , altered , or controlled by this present act, or repugnant

to any of the provisions herein contained, shall also remain and

continue in as full force and effect as if this act had not been

made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

Recoveryand

XLIX. And be it further enacted , That all fines , penalties,

application of and forfeitures imposed by this act, in respect of any goods,

penalties .

wares, or merchandize subject to duties of customs or excise as

aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, as by

any law or laws of customs or excise, or by action ofdebt, bill,

plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at

Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively ;

and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture

shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other

moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the

fame.

Limitation

ofactions.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall

be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any

thing done or performed in pursuance of this act, such action or

suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after

the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the

county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not

elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action

or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the spe-

cial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if

the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such action

or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or dif-

continue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant

shall have appeared, or if , upon demurrer, judgement shall be

given

1

1

1

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 132. 903

given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defen-

dants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same

1

as any defendant had in any other cases to recover costs by law.

TABLES referred to by this ACT.

TABLE (Α. )

A LIST of ARTICLES which may be secured in Warehouses

within the Premises situated at the Isle of Dogs, and belonging

to the West- India Dock Company, without the Duties due on

the Importation thereof being first paid :

Cocoa-nuts,

Not imported by the United Company

Coffee,

of Merchants of England trading to

Sugar, Cotton Wool ,

the East Indies.

Ginger,

Indigo, Mahogany,

Imported from the West Indies.

Melasses, Pimento,

Rum,

1

6

نا

TABLE (B.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which ( not being imported by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies , or not being imported from the West Indies) may be

secured in Warehouses within the Premises belonging to the

London Dock Company, without the Duties due on the Impor-

tation thereof being first paid :

Rice, Tobacco,

Wine,

Brandy ,

Geneva, and other Spirits :

TABLE ( C. )

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies) may

be secured in Places to be approved by the Commissioners of

the Customs, without the Duties due on the Importation

thereof being first paid :

Brimstone, Staves ,

Cork , Tallow,

Hemp undressed, Tar ,

Iron in Bars, Timber,

Kelp, Tow,

Mahogany, Turpentine ,

Pitch, Wood.

Rosin, TABLE

904 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 132. [ 1803 .

TABLE (D. )

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies ) may

be secured in Warehouses to be approved by the Commissioners of the Customs , without the Duties due on the Importation

thereof being first paid :

Skins , videlicet, -Indian Deer Skins, half -dressed or shaved.

Other Skins and Furs not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed.

Spermaceri Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil, and all other Fish Oil,

Blubber, and Whale Fins of British Fishing .

TABLE ( Ε. )

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies) maybese-

cured in Warehouses to be approved by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, without the Duties due on the

Importation thereof being first paid :

Almonds of all Sorts ,

Anchovies,

Indigo, Juniper Berries,

Anifeed,

Linen , plain, of all forts , except

Baltam Capivi,

Sail Cloth,

Barilla,

Bees- wax,

Manna, Mohair Yarn,

Bristles undressed,

Oil ofOlives,

Cantharides,

Palm,

Carpets, Turkey,

--

Salad,

Chip Hats,

of Turpentine,

Clover Seed,

Opium,

Cochineal,

Prunes,

Cotton Yarn,

Quickfilver ,

--- Wool,

Raisins of all forts,

Currants,

Rhubarb,

Elephants' Teeth,

Saffron,

Feathers for Beds,

Sena ,

Figs, Ginseng ,

Silk, Raw, -Thrown,

Gum Arabic ,

Waste,

-

Senega,

Smalts,

Jalap,

Straw Hats .

Jesuits' Bark,

CAP.

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 134. 905

CAP. CXXXIII.

An act to continue, until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and eight, an act , made in the forty -second year of the

reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit the im-

portation and exportation of certain goods and commodities into the

port of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth day of June one

thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the end of the

then next session of parliament, and amend fo much of an act, made in

the sixth vear of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the pro-

hibiting the importation of foreign wrought filks and velvets into Great

Britain. [August 11, 1803. ]

CAP. CXXXIV.

An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bring-

ing and landing certain prize goods in Great Britain, during hof .

tilities. [August 11 , 1803.]

W

HEREAS it is expedient to make provision respecting vessels

and goods taken from an enemy and condemned as prize, during

hostilities; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spi-

ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any goods , Prize goods

wares, or merchandize, which shall have been taken as prize may, on con-

since the commencement, or may be taken during the continu- demnation, be

landed in

ance of hostilities , and which have been or may be brought into Great Britain ,

Great Britain by any of his Majesty's ships of war, or by any and secured in

private or other ship or vessel having commission from the lord warehouses .

high- admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing

the office of lord high- admiral of Great Britain for the time

being, or which have been or may be seised by any non-commissioned vessel , or otherwise as droits of admiralty, shall and

may, upon condemnation thereof as lawful prize, be landed in

any port in Great Britain, and secured under the King's locks,

in warehouses provided at the sole expence of the captors , with

the privity and approbation, and under the care and inspection of

the commissioners or other principal officers for collecting and

managing the respective duties of customs ; and upon admission

of any such goods into such warehouses, there shall be paid by

the captors or their agents the following duties of customs; that

is to say,

For every ton of wine or vinegar , containing two hundred and Duties to be

fifty- two gallons, the fum of two pounds, if taken by a ship ofpaid on ad-

miflion of

war, or by a private vessel; for every ton of brandy, containing goods into

two hundred and fifty two gallons, the fum of two pounds five warehouses.

shillings, if taken by a ship of war, or seised as droits of aumiralty,

thesum of fifteen shillings if taken by a private vessel ; for every

hundred weight of sugar, the fum of six shillings, if taken by a

ship of war, or seased as droits of admiralty, and the sum of two

shillings if taken by a private vessel ; for every hundred weight of

coffee, the sum of ten thillings and sixpence, if taken by a ship

of

906 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 134. [1803.

ofwar, or seised as droits of admiralty, and the sum of three shillings and sixpence if taken by a private vessel ; for every hundred

weight of cocoa, the sum of three shillings and nine- pence, if

taken by a ship of war, or seised as droits of admiralty, and the

sum of one shilling and three-pence iftaken by a private vessel ; and

upon all other goods, wares, or merchandize, not particularly excepted or otherwise charged with duty by this act, for every one

hundred pounds of the value thereof , the sum of seven pounds ten

shillings, if taken by a ship of war, or seised as droits of admi-

ralty, and the fum of two pounds ten shillings if taken by a

private vessel.

Military or

II . Provided always , That no duties whatever shall be de-

thipstores exempted from duty ;

manded or taken for any prize goods, consisting of military or

ship's stores ; videlicet, fails, cordage, anchors and cables, masts,

yards, bowsprits, blocks, guns, gunpowder, shot, match, gun-car-

riages, cartridges , and other materials thereto belonging, and all

timber and iron converted into and made fit for ship building, or

for any of the uses and purposes aforesaid ; salted beef , pork, and

butter, biscuit, small beer, pease and oatmeal; sailors ' cloaths,

hammocks, bedding, and apparatus and instruments belonging

to surgeons, bullion, or for any goods which, by any law in force

on and immediately before the passing of this act , may be im-

as also ships,

ported into Great Britain duty free : provided also , that no thip

&c.takenfrom of war, or any private ship or vessel of war, which hath been or

the enemy.

shall be taken from the enemy and legally condemned as prize,

nor the fails , or any of the tackle, apparel, or furniture belonging

to such ship or vessel , shall be charged or chargeable with, or fub-

ject or liable to pay any duty whatever, any law, custom, or usage

to the contrary notwithstanding.

Wheat, &c.

III . And be it further enacted, That all wheat, wheat meal or

shall be subject flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oatmeal, pease, beans, In-

to theregu- dian corn and maize, taken and condemned as prize , shall, on

lations provid-

edin respect the fame being brought into any port in Great Britain, be ware-

to the impor- housed, and subject to such rules, regulations, restrictions, duties ,

tation of fo-

draw drawbacks ,

penalties , and forfeitures , as are provided and enacted

reign corn.

by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately be-

fore the passing of this act with respect to any foreign corn imported into Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all intents

and purposes, as if all the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities in such acts respectively were particularly repeated and re-

enacted in the body of this present act .

Goodsof the

IV. And be it further enacted, That all goods of the growth,

production of production, or manufacture of China or the East Indies, taken and

China orthe condemned as prize, shall be publickly exposed to sale in the city

East Indies

shall be fold of London by the captors or their agents , notice of such sale be-

in London, and ing first given by the proper officers of the customs or excise re-

be subject to spectively concerned therein ; and such goods shall be fold on

the regula. such conditions, and under such rules, regulations, and restrictions practised

at the sales of tions, as are used and practised at the sales of the East- India com-

the East- India pany, and the goods shall be subject to such duties, and entitled

company, &c.

to

1

$

ف

ا

1

لا

6

نا

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 134. 907

to such drawbacks as the like goods are or may be subject and

entitled to when imported by the East- India company, and the

like duties due and payable on such goods shall be paid in all

cafes by the captors or their agents.

V. And be it further enacted, That tobacco and snuff of all Tobacco and

forts taken as prize, and brought into any port of Great Britain, snufffubject to

not being a port enumerated in an ad act, passed in the twenty- ninthione the regula-

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An attfor re- 29Geo. 3 .

pealing the duties on tobacco andsnuff , and for granting new duties in c. 68. and

lieu thereof; and in another act, passed in the thirty- first year of31 Geo. 3.

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent other C. 47, &c.

Ships than those laden with tobaccofrom mooring and discharging their

lading at the places appointed by an act , made in the twenty-ninthyear

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, “ An actfor repealing

the duties on tobacco and snuff , and for granting new duties in lieu

thereof;" to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco ; and

for permitting the importation of tobacco and snuff into the port of

Newcastle uponTyne, shall be removed according to the provisions

of the said act of the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty, as

soon as may be, under the usual coast dispatches and securities ,

to some one of the ports enumerated in the said acts ; and that

such tobacco and snuff , brought into any port enumerated in the

said acts , thall, on condemnation as prize, be warehoused in his

Majesty's tobacco warehouse at such port, and be subject and

liable to warehouse rent, at the rate of one penny halfpennyper

week for every hogshead , or other package ; and such tobacco and

snuff may be exported from such warehouse, without payment of

any duty, or may be taken out of such warehouse for home consumption or manufacture, on payment of the duties due and payable on tobacco and snuff of the growth or production of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands , or territories in America ; and

such tobacco and snuff , so warehoused, shall be subject and liable

to the rules, regulations, penalties , and forfeitures, as are provided and enacted with respect to warehoused tobacco and souff

in the said act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of

his present Majesty , and in an act passed in the thirtieth year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and

amend an act , made in the last session of parliament, intituled , “ An

actfor repealing the duties on tobacco andSnuff , and for granting new

duties in lieu thereof ," and also in the said recited act passed in the

thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty.

VI. And whereas it may insome case be impracticablefor the cap-

tors or their agents to procure vessels to export prize goods directly from

the ports where they are warehoused, in pursuance of this art , and the

keepingfuch goods for a considerable time, in order to procure such

vessels , may be attended with great expence and loss to the captors ; Commission-

for the remedy whereof , be it further enacted, That it shall be

ers of the

lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England customs may

or Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, in any order prize

cafe where they thall think proper, to order such goods so se- goods, except

and to-cured in any warehouse in Great Britain, tobacco and snuffbacco, tobe

excepted, removed to

908 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III . C. 134. [1803.

anycustom- excepted, to be removed and sent from thence for exportation to

ware-

houte weat any custom - house warehouse at any other place or port in Great

Britain, &c.

Britain, by and under the seal of office of the collector and comp-

troller of the customs at the port from whence the goods are

intended to be so removed, at the expence of the captors or their

agents , or other person or persons who may have purchased the

same; and in such cafe the security directed by this act shall be

taken by the customer or collector of the port to which such

goods are removed, before they are delivered for exportation,

instead of the customer or collector of the port where they were

first warehoused as aforesaid, any thing in the present act to the

contrary notwithstanding.

Goods con-

VII. And be it further enacted, That all goods taken as prize

demned

and condemned abroad shall, on importation into Great Britain ,

abroad to be be entitled to the benefit and indulgence granted to prize goods

entitled to the

benefit of his by this act, provided a certificate, from and under the hand and

act, on certain seal of the judge or register of the court in which such goods

conditions.

shall have been condemned, shall be produced to the collector or

principal officer of his Majesty's customs at the port or place into

which such goods shall be imported, certifying the condemnation

thereof; and the master of the ship or vessel on board of which

such goods shall be imported shall, together with the importer,

proprietor, or consignee, make oath before the said collector or

principal officer, (who is hereby empowered to administer the

fame), that, to the best of their knowledge and belief , the goods

so imported are the identical goods mentioned in the certificate

of condemnation.1

Regulations respecting goods of the

VIII. And whereas goods of the growth, production , or manufac

ture of China, or the East Indies, taken as prize, may, during

growth of

hostilities, be carried into some of the out ports of Great Britain and

China or the

condemned ; in order that the duties thereon may be properly ascertained ,

East Indies

be it further enacted, That in all cases where such goods shall te

carried into

carried into any out port of Great Britain, and condemned as

outports and condemned.

prize, bond, with sufficient security, shall be given to his Majesty ,

in treble the value of such goods, that the same shall be brought

to London, and delivered to the proper warehouse-keeper at the

customs in the port of London, to be deposited by him in ware-

houses provided at the expence of the captors or their agents,

and approved of by the commissioners of the customs, or any

four or more of them ; and with further condition to procure a

certificate from such warehouse- keeper, within three months

from the date of such bond, that the goods have been delivered

accordingly, which security the collector and comptroller, or other

principal officer of the customs at the port from whence such

goods are to be removed, are hereby authorised and empowered

to take, and to cancel and discharge such bond , upon receiving

the certificate from the warehouse-keeper as herein- before direct-

ed ; and if such goods shall be sent by land carriage, they shall be

removed under the seals of office of such collector and comptrol-

ler or principal officer of the customs, and shall be accompanied

with a transire, expressing the number and marks of the pack-

ages ;

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 134. 909

3 ages ; and all such goods so removed, either by land or water,

shall afterwards be publickly exposed to sale in the city of London

by the captors or their agents, they giving notice of such sale to

the proper officers of the customs or excise respectively concerned

therein, and under the same rules, regulations, and restrictions ,

in all respects , and subject to such duties as are or may be payable upon the like goods, when imported by and fold at the sales

of the united company of merchants of England trading to the

East Indies, and the duties due by law thereon thall be accord-

ingly paid and applied ; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any foreign Foreign vef-

ship or vessel (not being a ship of war or a private ship or vessel fels (except

thips of ofw war),

of war) hath been or shall hereafter be taken during hostilities, condemnedas

and condemned as prize, in any of his Majesty's dominions out prize without

1

of Great Britain, the duty due and payable by law for such ship Great Britain,

or vessel shall be paid, upon her first arrival at any port in Great shall pay the

Britain, to the collector of his Majesty's customs at such port, by duty on their

arrival,

the master, owner, or consignee, of such ship or vessel, whether &c.

the same shall or shall not have been fold by the captors after

condemnation, and that no foreign-built ship or vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the privilege of a British-

built ship or vessel until such duty is paid for the same ; and it

shall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs

3

to stop anddetain such ship or vessel at any port in Great Britain,

until the said duty is paid as aforesaid ; and in cafe payment

thereof shall not be made for the space of three calendar months

ー ダ

after the arrival of such ship or vessel at any port in Great Britain,

it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's

customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any three or more

of them, to cause such ship or vessel, and her masts, apparel and

furniture to be fold publickly to the best bidder, and the produce

thereof to be applied, first to the charges that shall arise by such

detention and sale, next to the customs and duties, and the over-

plus to be paid to the proprietor of such ship, or other person

duly authorised by such proprietor to receive the fame.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That any prize goods Prize goods

which shall be received into any warehouse in pursuance of this may be ex-

act, or which are now remaining in any warehouse in Great portelonpay

ment of the

Britain, where they have been secured under the King's locks, duties, and

با

bypermission of the commissioners of the customs, shall and may, entering into

upon payment of the respective duties before directed by this act, security for

be exported at any time directly from thence, either by the cap. exportation.

tors or their agents, or by any other person or persons, without

paying any further duty of customs or excise for the fame; the

person or persons exporting the fame, giving sufficient security in

double the value of the goods before the delivery thereof out of

the warehouse, that the fame shall be really and truly exported,

and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great

Britain , or landed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro ; which security

the

910 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 134. [1803.

the customer or collector of the port from whence the same are

intended to be exported is hereby required and authorised to take

in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use.

Goodsonbe-

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if

ing taken for any goods shall be taken out of any warehouse wherein they are

homecon-

secured as aforesaid, to be used or consumed in Great Britain, the

sumption shall

person or persons so taking out the same shall first pay up the re-

first pay the remainder of

mainder of the duties which would at that time have been due

the duties.

and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had been regu-

larly imported by way of merchandize into Great Britain ; and

such goods shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations to which they would have been subject if

this act had not been made.

XII. And whereas the clandestine importation and running of spirits,

tea, and other prohibitedgoods into Great Britain , may, during hofti-

lities , be carried on to a great degree in large veffils fitted out and

armed as privateers ; and whereas by means of this illicit commerce, fo

prejudicial to the publick revenue and thefair trader, the powerswith

whom Great Britain is or may be carrying on hostilities may receive

intelligence very detrimental to Great Britain ; for the better preventing whereof be it further enacted, That from and after the

Vessels com-

passing of this act, if any ship or vessel whatever, which shall be

miffionedby

commissioned by letters of marque or general reprisals , or other-

letters of

wife, by his Majesty's commissioners for executing the office of

marque , &c.

lord high-admiral of Great Britain, shall be found at sea, or in

having on

any port in Great Britain, or at any distance from the coast

boardbeyond

thereof , having on board any foreign brandy or other foreign

quantity of foreign spirits or tea ,

spirituous liquors in any vessels or casks which shall not contain

sixty gallons at the least, except only for the use of the seamen

then belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, not exceed-

&c. fhalibe

forfeited.

ing two gallons for each feaman, or any tea exceeding the quan-

tity of six pounds weight, or any other goods whatever which

are or may be liable to forfeiture by any act of parliament upon

being imported into Great Britain, then not only all such goods ,

but also the ship or vessel on board which they shall be found as

aforesaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and

apparel , shall be forfeited and lost ; and the same shall be carried

and delivered to the care and custody of the collector and comp-

troller of his Majesty's customs at any port in Great Britain, and

the same shall be seised, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of,

by such ways and rules , and in such manner and form, as such

vessels and goods would be liable to be seised, prosecuted, re-

covered, anddisposed of , by any law in force, ifthe same had been

found within the limits of any port of Great Britain; and the

letters of marque or general reprisals, or any other commissions

for such ship or vessel, shall be null and void, any law, custom,

or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any duties are

Duties and

drawbacks

how to be

levied and

paid.

imposed by this act, or any drawback allowed, the same shall be

raised, levied, collected, applied, recovered, allowed, and paid under

such and the like rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and for- feitures ,

1.1803 .] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 135. 911

feitures, as the duties imposed and drawbacks allowed by virtue

of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before

the passing of this act, are raised, levied, collected, applied, reco-

vered, allowed , and paid, as fully and effectually, to all intents

and purposes , as if all the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities of the said acts were repeated and re-enacted in the body

of this present act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance

in force during hostilities ; but that the fame, or any part thereof , of act .

may be varied , altered, or repealed during the present session of

parliament.

CAP. CXXXV.

An act for the removing of doubts respecting the validity of assign-

ments made or to be made pursuant to the awards of the commif-

1

fioners alting under the seventh article of the treaty with the United

States ofAmerica ; and for the better enabling of his Majesty to

recover the interestsso assigned.- [August 11 , 1803. ]

WHEREAS THEREAS by the seventh article of the treaty ofamity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the Treaty with

United States of America, andsigned at London, on the nineteenth the United

States, dated

day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, after November 19,

resiting that complaints had been made by divers merchants and other 1794.

citizens of the United States, that during the course of the war in

which his Majesty was engaged they had sustained considerable losses

and damages by reason ofirregular or illegal captures or condemnations

73 of their vessels and other property, under colour of authority or commissions from his Majesty; and that from various circumstances

belonging to the said cafes , adequate compensation for the loffes and

damageso sustained could not then be actually obtained, had , and re-

ceived , by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, it was agreed

that in all such cases, where adequate compensation could not for

whatever reason be then actually obtained , bad, and received by the

said merchants and and others in the ordinary course ofjustice, full and

complete compensation for the same should be made by the British

government ; and for the purposes of ascertaining anyfuch losses or

damage, five commissioners should be appointed , and authorised to act

in London in manner therein mentioned ; the award of the said commissioners, or any such three of them as therein described , in all cafes

to befinal and conclusive , both as to the justice of the claim , and the

amount of thefum to be paid to the claimant ; and his Majesty under-

took to cause the same to be paid to such claimant inspecie without any

deduction, infuch place or places, and atfuch time or times asshould

be awarded by the same commissioners, and on condition of such releases

and assignments to be given by the claimants as by the said commif-

fioners might be directed : and whereas by a convention, signed at Convention ,

London the eighth day of January one thousand eight hundred anddated January

three, between bis Majesty and the United States of America, it was

8 , 1803.agreed , that instead of the fums awarded by the said commissioners

being made payable at the time or times by them appointed , allfums of

maney

912 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 136. [1803 .

money by them awarded to be paid to American or British claimants ,

according to the provision of the said feventh article, should be made

payable in three equal instalments, the first whereof to be paid at the

expiration of every year, the second at the expiration oftwo years, and

the third and last at the expiration of three years, next after the

exchange of the ratifications of such convention: and whereas the

commissioners appointed pursuant to the said article and convention , or

the major part of them, upon hearing several claims made before

them, have adjudged and awarded certainfums of money to bepaid to

orfor the benefit of several persons uponfuch claims ; and the said

commissioners in and by theirsaid award have, in pursuance of the

powers given them by the said treaty and convention, directed , and

may hereafter direct, certain assignments of all the interests in respect

of whichfuchfums of money have been or may be awarded to be made

to the lords - commissioners of his Majesty's treasuryfor the time being,

by the persons receiving such fums of money, or the first instalment

thereof : and whereas doubts may arise respecting the validity of such

assignments, and how far proceedings may be legally carried onfor the

purpose ofrecovering the interestso assigned ; be it therefore enacted

by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

Afsignments fame , That in all cafes where any atsignment shall have been or

executed or to small be executed pursuant to such award or awards, all such

be executed assignments shall be good and valid to all intents and purposes

pursuant to

the award of whatsoever ; and all and every the right, title, and interest, toge-

the commif . ther with all right of suit or action conveyed, or expressed to be

fioners acting conveyed, in such assignment or assignments, shall be, and the

under the same are hereby legally and absolutely vested in the said lords-

treaty with

the United States, shall

commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, for

the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors ; and it shall and

be valid, and

may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he

all right shall

vest in the

and they is and are hereby authorised and empowered, in his or

treasury, and

their own name or names, or in the name of the complainant or

his Majesty mayprofecute

complainants, claimant or claimants, or other persons whose interest have been or shall be so assigned, to prosecute and carry on

all clains of

which the in-

all such claims, fuits, and actions, and all other proceedings as are

terest shall

depending at the passing of this act, or as might now or here-

have been so

after be legally commenced, prosecuted , or carried on by or on

assigned.

behalf of the person or persons whose interest or interests have

been or shall be so afsigned in respect of such interests, in any

court or courts, or in any form of legal proceedings whatever.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An act to suspend , until the first day of July one thousand eight bun-

dred andfour, proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and proceedings,

under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also

under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth , fofar as the fame

relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture. [August 11 , 1803. ]

WHEREAS

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 136. 913

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign

of his late majesty King Richard the Second, intituled , The 13 Ric.2.c.11 .

cloths of certain counties, tacked and folded, shall not be put to

sale before they be opened ; by another act, passed in the fifth and

sixthyears of the reign of his majesty Edward the Sixth, intituled ,

An act for the true making of woollen cloths ; by another act, 5 and 6 Ed.6.

passed in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of bis said majesty c. 6.

Edward the Sixth, intituled , An act for the putting down gigg

mills ; by another act , passed in the second and third years of the reign

of their majesties Philip and Mary, intituled , An act touching 2 and 3 P. and

weavers ; by another act , passed in the third year of the reign of their M. c. 11 .

Saidmajesties Philip and Mary, intituled , An act for fealing and 3 P. andM.

viewing ofcloths, commonly called Bridgewaters ; by another aft, c. 12 .

passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of their said majesties

Philip and Mary, intituled, An act touching the making ofwoollen 4 and 5 P. and

cloths; by another aft, passed in the forty- third year of the reign ofM. c. 5.

ber said majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled , An act for the true 43 El . c. 10.

making and working of woollen cloths ; by another act, passed in

the fourth year of the reign of his majesty King James, intituled, An 4 Jac. c. 2.

act for the true making of woollen cloths ; by another act , passed in

the twenty-first year of the reign of his majesty King James, intituled , An act for continuance of a former act, made in the fourth 21 Jac. c. 18 .

year of the king's majesty's reign , of England , et cætera, intituled , An act for the true making of woollen cloths, and for

some additions and alterations in and to the same ; by another att,

passed in the tenth year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne, intituled , An act for regulating, improving, and encouraging, the 10Anne, c. 16.

woollen manufacture of mixt or medley broad cloth, and for

the better payment of the poor employed therein ; by another alt ,

passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty King George, intituled , An act to make an act of the tenth year of her late ma- 1 Geo.1.c.15.

jesty (intituled ' An act for regulating, improving, and encou-

raging of the woollen manufacture of mixt or medley broad

cloth, and for the better payment of the poor employed therein,' )

more effectual for the benefit of trade in general ; and also to

render more effectual an act, of the seventh year of her said majesty's reign, intituled, ' An act for the better ascertaining the

lengths and breadths of woollen cloths made in the county of

York; by another act, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his

faidmajesty King George, intituled , An act for the better regula - 13 Geo, I.

ting of the woollen manufacture ; and for preventing disputes C. 23 .

among the persons concerned therein ; and for limiting a time

for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by an act of the

twelfth year of his majesty's reign, in case of payment of the

workmen's wages in any other manner than in money ; certain

rules, ordinances, orders, directions, restrictions, prohibitions, fines,

penalties, forfeitures, and regulations, are enacted , prescribed , made,

required, imposed , and inflicted , respecting the mixing, dying, warping,

weaving, perching, working, fulling, rowing, shearing, tentering,

dressing, pressing, and otherwise manufacturing or making of woollen

cloths, and respecting the sale or exportation of such cloths , and the

VOL. XLIV. N 3 N length,

1

914 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 136. [ 1803.

length, breadth, weight, measuring, searching, stamping, andfealing

thereof , and the appointment offearchers, fealers, overseers, and in-

Spectors tofuperintend thefealing, stamping, searching, and measuring

thereof ; and also as to the use of certain mills, called gigg mills, and

1

also as to the number of looms to be kept, let, orset up together by any

manufacturer or weaver of woollen cloth, as in the said acts respectively are particularly mentioned : and whereas by a clause of a certain

other act of parliament made and passed in the fifth year of the reign

5 El. c. 4.

ofher late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act containing

divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and

apprentices, it is enacted , that it shall not be lawful to any person or

best persons, other than such as then did lawfully use or exercise any art,

mystery, or manual occupation, toset up, occupy, use, or exercise any

craft, mystery , or occupation then used or occupied within the realm of

bass England or Wales, except he should have been brought up therein

fevenyears at the least as an apprentice, in manner and form as in

the faidstatute mentioned ; nor tofet any person on work infuch myf-

tery, art, or occupation, being not a workman at that time, except he

hall have been apprentice as is aforesaid, or else, havingferved as an

apprentice as is aforesaid , should or would become ajourneyman, or

be bired by the year, on pain that every person willingly offending or

doing the contrary shouldforfeit and lose , for every default , fortyshil-

lings for every month: and whereas it has been doubted , whether, in

the present improved state of the woollen manufacture, such rules,

ordinances, orders, directions, restrictions, fines, penalties, forfeitures,

and regulations aforesaid, ought to be continued : and whereas the

дт

fame bave during great part of the present session of parliament been

under the consideration thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the

Sameshould be further considered : and whereas divers actions, profe-

cutions, and proceedings have been commenced or instituted, or are

threatened to be commenced or instituted , relating to the matters aforesaid: and whereas it is reasonable that until the said mattersshallhave

been morefully considered , such actions, prosecutions, and proceedings

should bestayed : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

Defendants in and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paff-

actions

ing of this act, it shall be lawful for the defendant in any action,

brought for penalties un- prosecution or proceeding already commenced, instituted, or

der any of the brought, or which shall be commenced, instituted, or brought

recited acts, for any penalty or penalties , forfeiture or forfeitures, or fine or

may apply to fines, or for the punishment of any person or persons as afore-

the court ,

&c . to stay said, for or respecting any of the matters aforesaid, under the said

proceedings, recited acts , or any or either of them, or under the said recited

which shall be clause of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of her late

stayedaccord.

ingly till July majesty Queen Elizabeth, to apply to the court in which such

1 , 1804.action, prosecution, or proceeding shall have been or shall be

commenced, instituted, brought, or depending during the fitting

of such court, or to any judge of such court during vacation, or

to any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices of the peace before

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 137. 915

before whom any prosecution or proceeding shall be depending,

1

or shall hereafter depend, for stay of proceedings in such action,

prosecution , or proceeding ; and such court, and such judge,

and such magistrates and justices respectively, are hereby requiredto staysuch action, prosecution, or proceedings respectively

accordingly , until the said first day of July one thousand eight

hundred and four.

II . Provided nevertheless , That this act shall not be taken or Exceptions.

construed to affect or suspend the said recited clause of the said

act of the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth or the effect thereof, or

any proceedings under the fame, except as to any person or persons setting up, occupying, using, or exercising, or setting any

person or persons on work in the woollen manufacture or trade,

or some branch thereof: provided also, that this act shall not

3

extend to affect any proceedings touching the unlawful use of

any gigg mills which shall be set up after the passing this act .

CAP. CXXXVII .

An act to enable the court of directors of the East- India company to

make reasonable allowances to the owners of certain ships, in the

Service of the said company, on account of the extraordinary expence

attending the outfit of the said ships, between certain periods.-

[ August 11, 1803. ]

WHEREASfeveral ships are now engaged in theservice of the

united company of merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, toserve themforfeveral voyages, under contracts made with

the respective owners thereof , subject to the provisions of an act of

parliament, passed in the thirty- ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for regulating the manner in which the united 39Geo. 3 .

F

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies C. 89.

shall hire and take up ships for their regular service ; by virtue of

which contracts the owners of the said ships are entitled to be paid

respectively a certain fixed rate of peace freight, with additional

charges in time of war or preparations for war : and whereas, under

thespecial circumstances which took place during the period interven-

ing between the conclusion of the late war and the delivery of his

Majesty's message to parliament on the eighth day of March one thou-

fandeight hundred and three, the outfit ofships was subjected to much

extraordinary expence ; and it is therefore expedient to authorise the

court of directors to grant to the owners of ships that were fitted out

between the periods above described, such reasonable relief as they

would have been entitled to under the said act, in the case of actual

preparations for war ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it On account of

shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors of the the extraor-

said united company, over and above the peace freight and dinary expence of out-

demurrage to be paid for any ships in the service of the said fit ofships

1 united company, which failed on, or were fitted out or equipped for a certain

3 N2

for period, the

t

916 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 139. [ 1803. 1

court of di-

rectors shall

for any voyage between the twenty- seventh day of March one

pay , over and

thousand eight hundred and two, and the eighth day of March

above the

one thousand eight hundred and three, to make and pay or cause

peace freight

to be made and paid to the owners of such ships respectively,

and demur-

such allowances and payments in respect of the additional charges

rage , such allowances in

arisen or to arise to the owners of the said ships respectively,

respect of additional

from the causes herein-before recited, as the said court of direc-

tors in their discretion shall think reasonable, and as might be

charges to

lawfully allowed by the said court of directors in the case of

owners as

actual preparations for war, the said act of parliament passed in

might be allowedin cafe the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, or any contract or

of actual pre- agreement, or any thing therein contained, or any other matter,

parations for cause, or thing, to the contrary thereof in anyways notwith-

war.

standing.

Act not to

II. Provided always , That nothing in this act contained shall

admit any

be construed hereafter to recognize or admit any claim in the

claim in

owners for an

owners of any ship contracted for under the provisions of the

additional

said recited act, for any allowance in addition to the fixed rate

allowance,

of peace freight, as settled in their respective contracts, on account

but in cases of of any variation which may from time to time prevail in the

parations for price of stores, or on any other grounds whatsoever, save and

it .

except those prescribed by the said act, namely, in the case of

actual war or preparations for war.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An act for extending the jurisdiction of the courts ofjustice in the pro-

vinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the trial and punishment of

persons guilty of crimes and offences within certain parts ofNorth

America adjoining to the said provinces.-[August 11 , 1803. ]

Offences committed within any of the Indian territories, &c. shall be tried

in the same manner as if committed within the provinces of Lower or

Upper Canada. The governor of Lower Canada may empower persons

to act as justices for the Indian territories , &c. for committing offenders

until conveyed to Canada for trial, &c. Place and manner of trial of such

offenders not being subjects of his Majesty, and and also within the limits be-

longing to any European state shall be acquitted . Subjects of his Majesty

shall be tried, although offence be committed in another European state .

CAP. CXXXIX.

An act for preventing theforging and counterfeiting of foreign bills of

exchange, and of foreign promissory notes and orders for the payment of money ; and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign

copper money.-[August 11 , 1803.]

WHEREAS HEREAS the practice of forging and counterfeiting foreign

bills of exchange, foreign promissory notes, and foreign orders

for payment of money, hath of late greatly increased , and plates of

such bills, notes, and orders, have been insome instances engraven

within the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , whereby

such forgeries have been more easily committed ; and it is expedient

201

that effectual provision should be made for the preventing of the fame :

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ,

and

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 139.1 917

andbe it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, That if any person from and after the Persons forg-

passing of this act shall, within any part of the united kingdom ing, &c. fo-

bills of

of Great Britain and Ireland , falsely make, forge, or counterfeit ,exchange, &c .

or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or tendering

or knowingly aid or assist in the false making, forging, or coun- the fame in

terfeiting, any bill of exchange, or any promiffory note, under- payment,

taking, or order for the payment of money, purporting to be guilty of fe-

lony, and lia-

the bill of exchange, promiflory note, undertaking, or order for ble to be

the payment of money, of any foreign prince, state, or country transported.

whatsoever, or of any minister or officer entrusted by or employed

in the service of any foreign prince, state, or country, or of any

person, or company of persons resident in any foreign state or

country, or of any body corporate and politick, and body in the

nature of a body corporate and politick, created or constituted

by any foreign prince or state, with intent to deceive or defraud

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or any such foreign prince,

state, or country, or with intent to deceive or defraud any per-

fon or company of persons whomsoever, or any body corporate

and politick, or body in the nature of a body corporate and poli-

tick whatsoever, whether the same be respectively resident,

carrying on business, constituted or being in any part of the

united kingdom, or in any foreign state or country ; and whether

such bill of exchange, promiflory note, or order, be in the

English language, or in any foreign language or languages, or

partly in one and partly in the other; or if any person from and

after the passing of this act shall, within any part of the said

united kingdom, tender in payment or in exchange, or otherwise

utter or publish as true, any such false, forged, or counterfeited

bill ofexchange , promiffory note, undertaking, or order, know-

ing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with intent

to deceive or defraud his Majesty , his heirs and fuccessors, or

any foreign prince, state, or country, or any person or company

ofpersons, or any body corporate and politick, or body in the

nature of a body politick and corporate as aforesaid, then every

person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of

felony , and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported

for any term of years not exceeding fourteen years . II. And be it further enacted, That no person, from and after Persons en-

ουλέν

the passing of this act, shall , within any part of the united king- graving plates

for foreign

dom of Great Britain and Ireland, engrave, cut, etch, scrape, or , bills of ign

by any other means or device, make or knowingly aid or assist change, &c. or

in the engraving, cutting, etching, scraping, or by any other printing them,

means or device, making in or upon any plate whatsoever, anywithout law-

bill of exchange, or any promiflory note or undertaking, or order ful authority,

to be deemedfor thepayment of money, purporting to be the bill of exchange, guilty ofa

promiflory note, undertaking, or order of any foreign prince, misdemean-

state, or country, or of any minister or officer entrusted by or our.

employed in the service of any foreign prince, flate, or country,

or

918 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 139. [ 1803 .

or of any person, or company of persons, resident or being in

any foreign state or country, or of any body corporate and poli-

tick, or body in the nature of a body corporate and politick, or

constituted by any foreign prince or state, er any part of any

1

such bill of exchange, promiflory note, undertaking, or order,

without an authority in writing for that purpose from such fo-

reign prince, state , or country, minister or officer, person, company of persons, or body corporate and politick, or body in the

nature of a body corporate and politick, or from some person

duly authorised to give such authority, or shall within any part

of the said united kingdom, without such authority as aforesaid,

by means of any such plate, or by any other device or means,

make or print any such foreign bill of exchange, promiffory

note, undertaking, or order for the payment of money,

mo or any

part thereof , or knowingly, wilfully, and without lawful excuse ,

( the proof whereof shall lie upon the party accused), have in his

or her custody any such plate or device, or any impression taken

from the fame ; and if any person shall offend in any of the cafes

aforesaid , he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a mil-

demeanour and breach of the peace, and, being thereof convicted

according to law, shall be liable for the first offence to be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six months, or to be fined

or to be publickly or privately whipped, or to suffer one or more

of the said punishments , and for the second offence to be tranf-

ported to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations for the

Act not to al- term of fourteen years : provided always, that nothing in this

ter any law in act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any

force for the manner whatsoever to repeal or alter any law or statute now in

punishment of

forgery.

force for the prevention or punishment of the crime of forgery

in any respect whatsoever within any part of the said united

kingdom.

Persons coun- III. And be it further enacted, That if any person from and

terfeiting fo- after the passing of this act shall within any part of the said

reigncoin united kingdom make, coin, or counterfeit any kind of coin not

guilty of a misdemean the proper coin of this realm, nor ordered by the royal procla-

our.

mation of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccessors, to be deemed and

taken as current money of this realm, or any part thereof , but

resembling, or made with intent to resemble any copper coin,

or any other coin made of any metal or mixed metals of less

value than the silver coin of such foreign prince, state, or country

respectively, or to pass as such foreign coin, then every person

so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a misde-

meanour and breach of the peace, and being thereof convicted

according to law, shall for the first offence be imprisoned for

any time not exceeding one year, and for the second offence be

outransported to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations for the

term of seven years .

Personsagainst IV. And be it further enacted, That no person against whom

whom any bill any bill of indictment shall be found at any assizes or feflions of

isfound not

the peace for any offence against this act shall be entitled to

allowed to

traverse the same to any subsequent afsizes or fessions ; but the

10

court

4

1

1

F

1803. ] Anno regni quadragefiuno tertio GEORGII III. с. 139. 919

court at which such bill of indictment shall be found shall forth- traverse the

with proceed to try the person or persons against whom the fame fame to a fub-

shall be found, unless he or they shall shew good cause, to be sizes.

sequentaf-

allowed by the court , why his, her , or their trial should be

postponed. 10

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be Certificates of

convicted of any offence against this act, and shall afterwards be former con-

victions to be

guilty of the like offence in any other county, city, town, or produced in

place , the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or town-clerk, cafes where

for the county, city , town, or place where such former convic- persons are

tion shall have been had, shall, at the request of the prosecutor, tried for fe-

or any other on his Majesty's behalf , certify the fame by a tran-

cond offences .

script in few words, containing the effect and tenor of such conviction, for which certificate two shillings and sixpence and no

more shall be paid ; and such certificate being produced incourt,

and the hand-writing of such clerk of assize, clerk of the peace,

or town- clerk thereto being proved, shall be sufficient evidence of

such former conviction .

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on

shall have in his, her , or their custody, without lawful excuse, persons hav-

ingmore than

any greater number of pieces than five pieces of false or coun- five pieces of

terfeitcoin of any kind or kinds resembling or made with in- such counter.

tent to resemble any such copper or other coin as aforesaid, every feit foreign

such person, being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or

coin in their

more credible witness or witnesses before one of his Majesty's possession .

justices of the peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and

counterfeit coin, which shall be cut in pieces and destroyed by

order of such justice, and shall for every such offence forfeit and

pay any fum of money not exceeding forty shillings nor less than

ten shillings for every such piece of false or counterfeit coin

which shall be found in the custody of such person ; one moiety

to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor

of the parish where such offence shall be committed; and in cafe

any such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful

for any such justice to commit the person who shall have been ad-

judged to paythe fame to the commongaol or house of correction,

there to be kept to hard labour for the space of three calendar

months, or until such penalty shall be paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Houses of fu-

lawful to and for any one justice of the peace, on complaint spectedpersons

made before him upon the oath of one credible person, that maybe search-

ed, and coun-

there is just cause to suspect that any one or more person or per- terfeit coin

sons is or are, or hath or have been concerned in making or seised, &c.

counterfeiting any such false or counterfeited foreign coin as

aforesaid, by warrant under the hand of such justice, to cause

thedwelling-house, room, workshop, outhouse, or other build-

ing, yard, garden, or other place belonging to such suspected

person or persons, or where any such person or persons thall be

suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, to be

searched for any such false or counterfeit coin, or for tools or

implements for coining such false or counterfeit coins, or for

920 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. c. 139. [1803 .

materials for making or coining the same; and if any such false

or counterfeit coin, or any such tools or implements, or any such

materials for making any such false or counterfeit coin, shall be

found in any place so searched; or if any such tools, implements,

or materials shall be found in the custody or possession of any

person or persons whomsoever, not having the fame by some

lawful authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any per-

fon or persons whatsoever discovering the same to seise, and he

and they are hereby authorised and required to seise such false or

counterfeit coin , tools, implements, and materials, and to carry

the fame forthwith to a justice of the peace of the county, city,

town, or place where the same shall be seised, who shall cause

the same to be secured, and produce in evidence against any

person or persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the

offences aforesaid , in some court ofjustice proper for the deter-

mination thereof; and after such time as any such false or coun-

terfeit coin, or any such tools, implements, or materials shall

have been produced in evidence as aforesaid, as well so much

110 .

and such parts thereof as shall have been so produced as every

other part thereofso seised and not made use of in evidence, shall

forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders

shall be tried, or by order of somejustice of the peace in case

there shall be no such trial , be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise

disposed of as such court or such justice shall direct .

Proceedings

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be

not to be

had touching the conviction of any offender against this act be-

quashed for

want of form.

fore any justice of the peace shall be quathed for want of form,

or be removed by writ of certiorari , or any other writ er process

whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin.

Limitation of.

actions .

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit

shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for

any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such

cafe the said action or suit shall commence within three calendar

months after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall

be brought in the county, city, town, or place, where the cause

of action shall arise, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or

defendants in such action or suit so to be brought may plead the

General issue. general issue, and give this act and the specialmatter in evidence

at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in

-dorsatad

pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear

to be so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after

the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought

in any other county, city , town, or place, then and in every

such cafe the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ;

and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or de-

fendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or

discontinue his, her, or their action, or ifupon demurrerjudge-

ment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs , the defen-

Treble costs. dant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have

the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath

or have for costs of suit in other cafes by law.

CAP .

3

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 141. 921

An act to enable the judges of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster to award writs of Habeas- corpus for bringing persons

detained in goal before courts- martial, and thefeveral commissioners

therein mentioned.-[ August 11 , 1803. ]

10

WHEREAS writs of habeas corpus have beenfrequently

awarded by the judges of his Majesty's courts of record at

Westminster, for bringing persons detained in custody under civil or

criminalprocess before magistrates or courts of record , as wellfor trial

as for examination touching matters depending beforefuch magistrates

or courts respectively ; but doubts have arisen whetherfuch judges have

power to award writs ofhabeas- corpus for bringing persons detained

as aforesaid before courts- martial , commissioners of bankrupt , commif-

fioners for auditing the publick accounts, or other commissioners acting

under commission or warrantfrom his Majesty : and whereas it is

expedient to make provision for bringing prisoners beforefuch courts-

martial or commissioners for the purposes herein-before mentioned; be

ittherefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal ,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Any judge of

act, it shall be lawful for any judge of his Majesty's courts of the courts at

king's bench or common pleas respectively , or for any baron of Westminster

his Majesty's court of exchequer of the degree of the coif , at his may award a

of habeasdifcretion, to award a writ or writs of habeas-corpus for bringing corpus for

anyprisoner or prisoners detained in any gaol or prison in that bringing any

part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called prisoner in

England, before any court-martial, or before any commissioners anygaol in

Englandbe-

of bankrupt, commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, or forea court-

other commissioners acting by virtue or under the authority ofmartial, com-

any commission or warrant from his Majesty, his heirs or fuc- missioners of

cessors, for trial, or to be examined touching any matter de. bankrupt, &c.

pending before such courts-martial or commissioners respectively; and the like proceedings shall be had upon such writ or

writs of habeas-corpus so to be awarded as aforesaid, as by law

may now be had upon writs of habeas- corpus for bringing persons

detained in gaol before magistrates or courts of record for such

purposes as aforesaid; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding .

CAP. CXLI .

An act to renderjustices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their

3

duty. [August 11 , 1803.]

W

HEREAS it is expedient that justices of the peace in Great

Britain and Ireland respectively, who, by virtue of divers

acts of parliament inforce in the united kingdom, are authorised and

required to convict persons of sundry offences in afummary way, should

be rendered morefafe in the execution of such their duty ; be it there- fore

922 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 142. [1803.

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

Inactions

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-

brought

rity of the fame, That in all actions whatsoever which shall, at

againstjustices any time after the passing of this act, be brought against any

onaccount justice or justices of the peace in the united kingdom of Great

ofconviction, Britain and Ireland, for or on account of any conviction by him

&c. the plain- or them had or made, under or by virtue of any act or acts of

penaltythat

tiff , beside any parliament in force in the said united kingdom; or for or by

may be levied reason of any act, matter, or thing whatsoever, done or com-

uponhim, manded to be done by such justice or justices, for the levying of

shall be enti- any penalty, apprehending any party, or for or about the car-

tledonly to 2d.

damages, un- rying of any such conviction into effect ; in case such conviction

less alleged in shall have been quashed , the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action

the declara-

or actions, besides the value and amount of the penalty or pe-

tion the thing

was malici-

nalties which may have been levied upon the said plaintiff or.

ouflydone.

plaintiffs , in case any levy thereof shall have been made, shall not

be entitled to recover any more or greater damages than the sum

oftwo-pence, nor any costs of suit whatsoever, unless it shall be

expressly alleged in the declaration in the action wherein the

recovery shall be had, and which shall be in an action upon the

cafe only , that such acts were done maliciously and without any

reasonable and probable cause.

Plaintiffnot II. And be it further enacted, That such plaintiff shall not be

entitled tore- entitled to recover against such justice any penalty which shall

coverif proved

that theof-

have been levied, nor any damages or costs whatsoever, in cafe

fencewas

such justice shall prove at the trial that such plaintiff was guilty

committed.

of the offence whereof he had been convicted, or on account of

which he had been apprehended, or had otherwise suffered , and

that he had undergone no greater punishment than was assigned

by law to such offence.

So much of

35 Geo. 3 .

C. 2.

39Geo. 3 .

C. 49.

37 Geo. 3 .

C. 19.

CAP. CXLII.

An act to make provision, in certain cafes, for the wives andfamilies

of ballotted men, substitutes, and volunteers, serving in the militia of

Ireland.- [August 11 , 1803. ]

21

WHEREAS a provision for thefamilies of serjeants, corporals ,

and drummers, and privates, serving in the militia of Ireland,

when it is called out into actualservice , is highly just and reasonable ,

and the law at present inforce is insufficient for the purpose; be it

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, That an act made in the parliament of

Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual support of thefamilies ofmilitia-

men ; and also an act, made in the parliament of Ireland, in the

thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, to amend the

said recited act of the thirty- fifth year; and so much of an act,

made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty- seventh year of his

1

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 142. 923

his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An alt to explain and amend as relates to

the laws now inforce relating to the militia of his kingdom, as re- providing re- militia-

lates to the providing relief for the families of militia-men, shall, men's fami-

from and after the passing of this act, be, and the same are hereby lies, repealed.

repcaled.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the militia of Families of

any county , town, city , or place in Ireland, shall be embodied militia-men,

who have

and called out into actual service, and any man serving or en- marched out

rolled therein as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, or as a bal of their coun-

lotted man or substitute , hired man , or volunteer respectively, ty, &c. enti-

thall have left a family less able in consequence of his absence to tled to certain allowances .

support themselves, and the colonel, or lieutenant-colonel, com-

1mandant, or other commanding officer, shall certify in writing,

in manner and form following, the day when such militia - man

marched out of the county or place for which he serves, and that

the said militia- man hath declared to such commanding officer the

names and number of his family, and the place where they reside,

thenand in such case every such militia-man's family thall be

entitled to and shall receive, during his absence on actual service,

the weekly allowance following ; that is to say, after the rate of

one shilling for every child born in wedlock, and under the age

of ten years, not exceeding the number hereinafter mentioned,

and of one thilling for the wife of such man, whether he shall or

thall not have any child or children, provided she does not follow

the regiment; and the form of the aforesaid certificate shall be as

follows :

" I colonel [or, lieutenant-colonel, commandant, Form ofcer-

or, commanding officer, as the cafe may be ], of the

tificate of

militia, do hereby certify, That A. B. in the said militia was officer .

commanding

called out into actual service, and did, on the day

of

march from, and is now absent on service from

the said county , [town, city, or place, as the cafe may be] , and that

he hath declared to me that his family resides at

and confists of and that by his absence

they are rendered less able to support themselves ; and I do certify,

that the said A. B. never deserted from the said militia . "

III. And be it further enacted, That a register of all such Adjutant to

keeparegifter

certificates from time to time to be granted shall be kept by of such certi-

the adjutant of every regiment or battalion of militia in Ireland. ficates .

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Twojustices,

lawful for any two justices of the peace acting in and for the on production

barony, or half barony, town, city, or place in which the said of the certificate, may or-

family shall reside, on the production of such certificate, to in- der the allow.

quire into the circumstances of the said family, and whether they ance to be

reside in the parish or place mentioned in the declaration of such paid by the

militia-man; and if , on such inquiry, they shall find that such collector of

the cess, or

family do so reside, and shall be of opinion that such family is less treasurer of

able to support itself in consequence of the absence of such militia- the town, &c.

man, they shall then indorse such their opinion in writing, under

their hands, on the back of the said certificate, and shall subjoin

thereto an order requiring the collector of the publick cess in

such

radio

924 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 142. [1803 .

such barony or half barony, or the treasurer of such town or

city , to pay the several allowances herein-before mentioned,

after the rate aforesaid, to such family, specifying in such order

the names and ages of each person of the said family entitled to

receive the fame ; which order the said collector or treasurer respectively are hereby required to obey; and such certificates, with

the opinions and orders of such justices, shall be forthwith de-

posited with the said collector or treasurer, by the person or

persons applying to such collector or treasurer for relief under

this act .

Allowance for

children li-

mited.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the wife of

any man so in actual service, or any other person, shall not be

entitled to the aforesaid weekly allowance of one shilling for

each child for more than three children of any ballotted man,

nor for more than one child of any militia-man not being a

ballotted man .

Allowance not VI . Provided also , and be it further enacted, That no allow-

tobe given longer than ance shall be ordered or paid under this act to the wife or family

the man shall of any person serving in the militia, for any longer period than

serve, nor to a such person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in ac-

wifewho fol- tual service ; nor in any case in which the wife, in respect of or

lows the re-

giment.

by whom any such reliefis demanded, shall follow the regiment,

battalion , or corps in which her husband shall serve.

Families of

substitutes ,

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, from and

&c. marrying after the passing of this act, no allowance under this act shall be

after embo- given or ordered to be given to the family of any substitute,

died , unless hired man, or volunteer, who shall marry after and during the

with consent time of his being called out into actual service, unless such mar-

ofcommand-

ing officers , riage shall have taken place with the consent of the colonel or

not entitled to commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, to which

relief.

such man shall belong, and such consent shall have been certified under the hand of such colonel or other commanding of-

ficer.

Collectormay VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such col-

stop allowance lector or treasurer respectively shall have reason to believe that

incafe of

death, unless by the death of any of the family of any militia- man, or by any

directed

other circumstance, the allowance ought to be stopped or lessen-

otherwise by

justices.

ed in amount, it shall be lawful for him to stop or lessen such

allowance accordingly, until twojustices of the peace shall direct

Adjutant to

him otherwise by writing under their hands and seals .

make returns IX. And be it further enacted, That the adjutant of every

monthly to regiment, battalion , or corps of the said militia shall, within

the collector seven days after the twenty - fourth day of every month, during the

andtreasurer time the militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied

of thebarony,

of the promo- or in actual service, return to the respective collectors and trea-

tions and va- furers of the barony, half barony, town, city, or place respec-

cancies, &c. of tively, a particular lift of all promotions and vacancies, and all

the regiment. deaths, desertions, and other casualties, that may have occurred

among such of the militia-men of the said regiment as shall have

their families resident in any such barony, half barony, city,

town, or place respectively, and who shall have severally declared

the same to the colonel, lieutenant - colonel, commandant, or

other

1 1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c.142.0 925

2

コ

other commanding officer of the regiment, in manner herein

before mentioned , and shall have received the certificate of such

commanding officer for the purpose of obtaining the reliefgiven

3

by this act.5

X. And be it further enacted, That every such collector shall Abstract of

transmit to the clerk of the peace of the county , town, or city orders to be

transmitted

within which the barony or half barony for which he is collector bythe collec-

1

shall be situate , and the treasurer of any town or city thall tranf- tor to the

mit to the clerk of the peace there, previous to each quarter fef- clerk of the

sions, an abstract of all orders which he shall have received as peace , to be

laidbefore

aforesaid , to be by the said clerk of the peace laid before the juf- the quarter

1

tices at such sessions ; and it shall be lawful for the justices there session.

to set aside or alter any order of any justices, which , upon due

✓ inquiry in open court, upon oath, shall appear to have been frau-

dulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this act. V-ลาวว to do brs

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such weekly allow- Allowances

ance to be paid under this act by the collector of the baronial paid by baro-

1

cess, or treasurer of the town or city respectively , in manner

nial collector

or treasurer 10

aforesaid, to the family of any man, shall be repaid quarterly to to be repaid

the collector and treasurer respectively, by the collector of his quarterly by

Majesty's excise for the district in which such barony, town, or the collector

city shall be situate, out of any publick money in his hands ; and

of excise for

the district.

the fums so paid by such collector of excise hall be allowed to

him in his accounts, on such collector of excise producing the

receipts of the collector of the baronial cess, or treasurer of the

town or city for the fame, as the cafe may be. ob

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted , That if any col- Collector or

lector of a baronial cess, or treasurer of any town or city, shall treasurer , in

cafe they have

not , atthetime when any application shall be made to him to not money in

pay any allowances under this act, have in his hands sufficient hand, shall

money for payment of the fame, such collector or treasurer shall transmit certificates and

and may, and he is hereby required from time to time, as occa- orders of juf-

fion thall require, to transmit all such certificates and opinions, tices to col-

and orders of the justices indorsed thereon or subjoined thereto, lector ofex-

as shall be in his hands, or an abstract of the fame, to the col_cife , who thall

lector of the excise for the district ; and it shall thereupon be law remit a fuffi-

cientfum

ful for the said collector of the excise, and he is hereby authorised monthly for

and required to remit or pay out of such publick monies as may relief .

be in his hands, to the said collector of the baronial cess or trea-

bamirlared

furer respectively , at least once in every month, a sum sufficientεής οι δι

to satisfy and pay the amount of such orders for relief so tranf-

mitted to him under and by virtue of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to recom- Grandjuries

pense the said collectors of the baronial cess, treasurers of coun- may present

ties or cities, and collectors of the excise, for the trouble and any fum they

think reason-

expence which they may severally incur by virtue of this act, able for col-

it shall be lawful for the grand jury of each county, town, or lectors , &c.

city, at each assizes, and for the grand juries of the county of for their

Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, at each presenting trouble.

term, to present any fums they shall think reasonable to be raised

off the county at large , to be applied and paid as such grand

juries

926 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 142. [ 1803. L

juries shall direct to the said respective collectors and treasurers'

over and above all fums or allowances to which they or any of

them are or may be entitled by virtue of any law or laws in

force, as a reward for their trouble and expence in advancing,

paying , receiving, and accounting for any money by them ad-

vanced or paid in pursuance of this act.

Penalty on

officers neg

lecting to

carry this act

into execution ;

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any collector of a

baronial cess, treasurer, clerk of the peace, officer of the peace,

or collector of excise, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry the

provisions of this act into execution, and shall be thereof convicted by presentment or indictment at the assizes, or, if in the

county or city of Dublin, in the court of King's bench, he shall

be fined at the discretion of the court any sum not exceeding

fifty pounds.

and on officers

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any collector of the

for not paying baronial cess or treasurer of a county or city shall, on demand

money in pur- made in pursuance of any order or certificate of any justice or

fuance of

orders.

justices of the peace for the payment of any sum of moneyby

virtue of this act, and production of such order or certificate to

him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the fum or fums of

money directed to be paid in or by such order or certificate,

10

every such collector or treasurer so refusing or neglecting to

make such payment shall for every such neglect forfeit the fum

of five pounds, to be recovered upon the oath of one or more

credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the party

accused before the justice making such order, or any other juf-

το τοβ

tice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the offence

shall be committed; which said justice is hereby authorised and

logo required, upon information exhibited, or complaint made, by

11

the party aggrieved in that behalf , to summon the party accused,

and to examine into the matter of fact, and , upon due proof

thereof as aforesaid, to give judgement for such penalty, to be

levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels,

in cafe the same shall not be forthwith paid, by warrant under

the hand and seal of such justice, causing the overplus (if any),

after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to be rendered to the party; and the penalty so adjudged shall be paid to

Allowances to the use of the party so aggrieved as aforesaid: provided always,

be claimed

that the allowances under and by virtue of this act shall be claimed

weekly, and

no more than

and paid weekly, and that no wife of any such militia-man, nor

two weeks'

any other person on behalf of such wife, or of the family of any

arrears to be such militia-man, shall be entitled to receive at any one time

allowed.

more than two weeks' arrears of any allowance to such wife and

family under or by virtue of this act.

Act may be

altered or

repealed this

session.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be al-

tered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this

present session of parliament.

CAP.

1

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 143. 927

CAP. CXLIII.

An act for the renderingjustices of the peace, and governors and deputy

governors of counties and places in Ireland, morefafe in the execution of their office ; and for indemnifying constables and others aft-

ing in obedience to the warrants of such justices of the peace, governors, and deputy governors respectively. -[ August 11 , 1803. ]

THEREAS justices of the peace and other magistrates an

WHEREASand

persons in Ireland are discouraged in th the execution of their of-

fice by vexatious actions brought against them, or by reason of small

and involuntary errors in their proceedings : and whereas it is necef-

Sary that they should be ( as far as is consistent with justice, and the star el 200ng

Safety and liberty of the subjects over whom their authority extends)

renderedsafe in the execution of their several offices and trusts : and

whereas it is also necessary that the subjects should be protectedfrom all

wilful and oppressive abuse of the several laws and Statutes committed

to the care and execution of the saidjustices of the peace and other ma-

gistrates and persons ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most After Aug. 1 ,

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the 1803, no writ

shall be fued

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- out against or

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from copyserved

and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and on anyjustice,

three , no writ shall be fued out against, nor any copy of an any &c . for any

thing done

process at the suit of a subject shall be served on, any justice of in the exec-

the peace or governor or deputy governor of any county or place tion of his

in Ireland , for any thing by him done in the execution of his office, until

office, until notice in writing of such intended writ or process one month's

shall have been delivered to him, or left at the usual place of his notice be

abode, by the attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue given, &c.

09

outor serve or cause the same to be sued out or served, at least ed

one calendar month before the suing out or serving the same ; in

which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of

action which such party hath or claimeth to have against such

justice of the peace or governor or deputy governor respectively ;

on the back of which notice shall be indorsed the name of such

attorney or agent, together with the place of his abode , who

shall be entitled to have the fee of twenty shillings for the pre-

5

paring and serving such notice , and no more.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Amends may

ful for such justice of the peace or governor or deputy governor be tendered to

respectively, at any time within one calendar month after such thepartycom- plaining, &c.

noticegiven as aforesaid, to tender amends to the party complain-

ing , or to his or her agent or attorney; and in cafe the same is not

accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought

against him, grounded on such writ or process, together with the

plea of not guilty, and any other plea with the leave of the

court: and if upon issue joined thereon the jury shall find the

amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give

a verdict for the defendant; and in such cafe, or in cafe the

plaintiff shall become non-suit, or shall discontinue his or her

action,

1

928 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 143. [1803 .

action, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or

defendants upon demurrer , such justice or governor or deputy

governor respectively shall be entitled to the like costs as he

would have been entitled unto in cafe he had pleaded the general

issue only ; and if upon issue so joined the jury shall find that no

amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, and

also against the defendant or defendants on such other plea or

pleas, then they shall give a verdict for the plaintiff , and such

damages as they shall think proper , which he or she shall re-

cover, together with his or her costs of suit.

Noplaintiff to

III. And be it further enacted, That no such plaintiff shall

recover ver-

recover any verdict against such justice or governor or deputy

dict unless proofis made

governor respectively , in any cafe where the action shall be

that notice

grounded on any act of the defendant as justice of the peace or

was given.

governor or deputy governor, unless it is proved upon the trial

of such action that such notice was given as aforesaid ; but in

default thereof such justice or governor or deputy governor respectively shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

Amends may

IV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe such justice or

be paidente inue joined .

governor or deputy governor respectively shall neglect to tender

any amends, or shall have tendered insufficient amends before the

action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by leave of

the court where such action shall depend, at any time before

issue joined, to pay into court such sum ofmoney as he shall see

fit ; whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements shall

be had, made, and given in and by such court as in other

actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into

court .

No evidence

butwhat is

V. And be it further enacted, That no evidence shall be per-

contained in

mitted to be given by the plaintiff, on the trial of any such

notice shall be action as aforesaid, of any cause of action, except such as is con-

admitted.

tained in the notice hereby directed to be given.om

No action

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

shall be first day of August , no action shall be brought against any con-

brought against constable or other officer in Ireland , or against any person or persons

stables , &c . acting by his order and in his aid, for any thing done in obedi-

for any thing ence to any warrant under the hand or hand and seal of any

done under a justice of the peace or governor or deputy governor of any county

warrantof a or place in Ireland , until demand hath been made , or left at the

justice , &c.

unless the in- usual place of his abode , by the party or parties intending to

spection of the bring such action, or by his, her, or their attorney or agent , in

warrant shall writing, signed by the party demanding the fame, of the perusal

have been re-

fused for fix

and copy of such warrant, and the fame hath been refused or neg-

days, &c. Defendant to

lected for the space of six days after such demand ; and in cafe,

after such demand and compliance therewith, by shewing the

have a ver-

said warrant to and permitting a copy to be taken thereof by the

dict notwith- standing any

party demanding the same, any action shall be brought against

defectof ju-

such constable or other officer, or against such person or persons

rifdiction .

acting in his aid for any such cause as aforesaid, without making

the justice or justices or governor or deputy governors respectively, who signed or fealed the said warrant, defendant or defen-

dants

コ

1

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 144. 929

dants therein, on producing or proving such warrant at the trial

of such action, the jury shall give their verdict for the defendant

or defendants, notwithstanding any defect ofjurisdiction in such

justice or justices , or governors or deputy governors respectively ;

and if such action be brought jointly against such justice or jut- Proceedings

tices, or governors or deputy governors respectively, and also where actions

are brought

against such constable or other officer or person acting in his or jointly against

!

their aid as aforesaid, then, on proof of such warrant, the juryjustices and

shall find for such constable or other officer, and for such person constables.

or persons so acting as aforesaid, notwithstanding such defect of

jurisdiction as aforesaid ; and if the verdict shall be given against

such justice or justices , or governors or deputy governors respectively, in such cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover his,

her, or their costs against him or them, to be taxed insuch man-

ner by the proper officer as to include such costs as such plaintiff

orplaintiffs are liable to pay to such defendant or defendants for

whom such verdict shall be found as aforesaid : provided always,

that where the plaintiff in any such action against any such juf-

tice of the peace, or governor or deputy governor respectively

shall obtain a verdict, in case the judge before whom the cause

shall be tried shall in open court certify on the back of the re-

cord that the injury for which such action was brought was wil-

fullyand maliciously committed, the plaintiff shall be entitled to

have and receive double costs of suit.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no action shall Limitation of

be brought against any such justice of the peace, or governor or

actions .

deputy governor respectively, for any thing done in the execution

of his office , or against any such constable or other officer or person acting as aforesaid, unless commenced within six calendar

months after the act committed.

CAP. CXLIV .

An act for procuring returns relative to the expence and maintenance

of the poor in England. -[August 11, 1803. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient that information should be obtained

respecting the state of the poor, and of the expences attending

their maintenance and employment, within that part of Great Britain called England: may it therefore please your Majesty that it

may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several Justices to

justices of the peace, within their respective divisions and juris - appoint a time

andplace

dictions in England and Wales, shall and they are hereby required within their

to appoint a time and place or times and places, which time or respective ju-

times shall be on or before the twentieth day of September one risdictions for

thousand eight hundred and three, or as soon after that day as the overseers

of poor to

conveniently may be, for the overseers of the poor, for the pre- deliverreturns

fent or any former year, of the several parishes, and also of the to the matters

several townships, places, or divisions which maintain their poor stated in the

30

VOL. XLIV. กรยาน sepa- annexedsche-

930 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. [1803 .

dule, and to

separately and distinctly, within their respective jurisdictions, in

give notice

to them to

whose possession the books or papers containing the rates made

make such

for the relief of the poor, or for any other purpose within and

returns, and during the year ending at Easter one thousand eight hundred and

to the con-

three , shall be, to deliver to them respectively the returns to the

itables requi-

ring their attendance

several matters and things in this act contained, and stated in the

schedule to this act annexed ; and two or more of the said juf-

at such meet-

tices shall and they are hereby required to cause notice to be given

ings.

to such overseers to make such returns respectively, within their

respective jurisdictions , and also to the high-constables, and where

there are no high - constables, to such other proper officers who

have the execution of precepts from justices of the peace within

such respective jurisdictions, at least six days before the day of

such meeting or meetings respectively, requiring their attendance

at such meeting or meetings for the purposes of this act .

Overseers to

II. And be it further enacted, That in cases where there shall

whom fche-

dules are de-

be a house of industry or workhouse, belonging to any parith or

livered, shall place, whether separately and distinctly for one parish or place, or

callupon the conjointly with any other parish or place, or parithes or places

proper offi- incorporated therewith , the overseer to whom the said schedule

cers ofhouses shall be delivered is hereby required to call on the governor

ofindustry or

workhouses or other proper officer of such house of industry or work-

for affistance house , for his aid and assistance in properly filling up and

in filling them completing the said schedule; and such governor or other pro-

up, which Uney thalldo, per officer is hereby required, under the penalties herein recited,

underpenalty, to afford to the said overseer all necessary information for pro-

and shall com- perly filling up and completing such parts of the said schedule as

pute the share shall relate to such house of industry or workhouse; and the go-

of thecommonvernor or other proper officer of any incorporated house of in-

expence of incorporated dustry or workhouse is further required to compute the share of

housesof the common expence thereof, and the number of persons belong-

industry, &c . ing to each distinct parish or place within the said year ending

and the num- Easter one thousand eight hundred and three , and to examine

ber of persons

belonging to whether such particulars relating to the house of industry or

each distinct workhouse be properly entered in the aforesaid schedule, when

place in the attested by such governor or other proper officer of the house of

year ending , industry or workhouse, conjointly with the overseer of the poor ,

Easter1803, before the justices of the peace, at their meeting or meetings to

&c.

Justices at meetings to

be held for the purposes of this act.

III . And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the

receive re-

said justices of the peace shall and may, and they are hereby au-

turns, and administer

thorised and required, at such meeting or meetings so to be

appointed as aforesaid , to receive and take the returns to be made

oaths containedin this

by the overseers of the poor, and the governors or other officers

act to the

of such houses of industry or workhouses, as aforesaid, in wri-

overseers,

ting, signed by themselves, pursuant to the directions of this act,

&c. and may examine them

and then and there administer to them respectively the oaths con-

upon oath,

andcall for

tained in this act ; and such justices are hereby authorised, if

they shall see cause, to examine such overseers , governors , or

original ac-

other officers aforesaid , upon oath, touching any of the matters

counts, and contained in such returns respectively, and tocall for the original

shall attest

returns when accounts of such overseers, governors, or other officers aforesaid,

if

1

1

1

5

با

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 144. 931

if they shall see fit, in order to explain and verify the said returns complete, and

as shall be then made, and the said justices shall sign and attest deliver them

to thehigh

such returns at the foot of the fame without fee, when , on in- constable, &c.

1fpection, the same shall appear to them to be complete, and de- in order to

liver such returns, fo signed and attested, to the respective high- their being

constables or other proper officers as aforesaid, in order that the transmitted to

the clerk of

fame maybe by them transmitted to the clerks of the peace or the peace.

town-clerks as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said high constables High consta - i

or other proper officers, within the respective jurisdictions afore- bles, &c . thall

said, for the time being ,shall receive from the said clerks of the receive fron

peace or town clerks, a printed copy of the schedule to this act the clerks of

the peace a

annexed , and deliver or cause to be delivered out one of each printed copy

such schedules to one of the overseers of the poor of every parish, of the sche-

township, or place, within their respective limits, as well within dule, and

towns corporate as without , before the twentieth day of August deliver one to

the overseers

now next ensuing , or as soon after as conveniently may be, of every place

and, when required by the respective justices of the peace as within their

aforesaid , attend the said meeting or meetings, and then and limits ; and,

there receive the said several returns made by the said overseers, when re-

governors, or other officers as aforesaid, and indorse upon the quired, attend meetings and

back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, wapentake, receive re-

lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty , city or town corporate, turns, and

wherein the said parish, township, or place therein mentioned is transmit them

to the clerks

situate , and transmit the same to the several clerks of the peace, of the peace ,

and town- clerks, at the Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace, on penalty

to be holden in the year one thousand eight hundred and three, for default.

or some adjournment or adjournments thereof ( which adjourn-

ment and adjournments the justices at such quarter sessions are

required to make to some convenient day within forty days

after the said Michaelmas quarter sessions, in the year one thou-

fand eight hundred and three, and from time to time as often

as thall be necessary, to some other convenient days within ten

days from the preceding day of adjournment in all cafes where

such returns shall not be made at the said Michaelmas quarter

sessions, and until full and complete returns shall be made) upon

pain of forfeiture for every default and neglect in the matters

aforesaid, a fum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five

pounds, at the discretion of the justice or justices of the peace

before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the Overseers of

poor of every such parish, township, and place, having such rates thepoor and

governors,

as aforesaid in their possession, and one or more of the governors &c. ofhouses

or other officers having the care or management of any such of industry

house of industry , or workhouse, for any such parish, township, or work-

place , thall, and they are hereby required to attend the justices houses to at-

or tend the

of the peace at such meeting or meetings which shall be so ap- justices at

pointed , and then and there deliver to the saidjustices in wri- their meat-

ting, signed by them, a just and true account upon oath as ings, and de-

herein directed, according to their respective knowledge of the liver accounts

upon oath,

fame, of the total amount of all and every fum and fums ofcontaining

302

money sundry par-

932 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. [ 1803.

ticulars as

money raised and expended by them respectively, for or on

stated in an-

nexed sche-

account of the poor within the respective districts, parishes ,

dule ,and if

townships, or places for the said year ending at Easter one thou-

required, the afleffments

fand eight hundred and three during the said year, according to

the different heads of rates levied or disbursements mentioned in

and the account ofex-

the schedule to this act annexed, and shall for that purpose cause

the total of such disbursements for such year to be divided and

pences respecting the

classed under such different heads of disbursements accordingly ;

poor.

and shall also at such meeting or meetings deliver in like man-

ner a true and just account upon oath, of the number of poor

persons who shall have been admitted, or received relief during

such year, within the respective houses of industry, or work-

houses, or otherwise in the respective parishes, townships, or

places aforesaid, as stated in the schedule to this act annexed ;

and shall respectively fill up the blanks and other spaces in such

schedule, with the several matters required to be returned by

this act, according to the truth of the case ; and shall also at

the same time produce to the said justices , if required, the affeff-

ments under which the money was collected , and the accounts

ofall expences respecting the poor for the said year, for their

Penalty for default. inspection and examination ; and that every overseer, governor,

and other officer aforesaid making default in any of the matters

hereby required, shall, for every such neglect and default forfeit

a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at

the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint

thereof shall be made.

Penalty for concealing any matter,

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any overseer, gover-

nor, or person required to make any such return or returns as

ormaking any false

aforesaid, shall conceal any matter or matters directed to be

inquired into by the said schedules, or either of them, or shall

returns .

knowingly or wilfully make a false or imperfect return, every

such overseer, governor, or person so offending, shall, for every

such offence , forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by

action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in case the offence shall

be committed in England , in the counties palatine of Lancaster,

Chester, and Durham, in cafe the offence shall be committed in

those counties, or either of them respectively, or in the great

sessions in the principality of Wales, in cafe the offence shall be

committed in Wales.

Rewards to

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid

clerks of the and allowed for the trouble and expences of the several persons

peace, high employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which

constables,

&c. overseers, shall be fo made and transmitted to the clerks of the peace, and

&c. exclusive town- clerks respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid,

oftravelling the sums following, and no more ; videlicet, to the clerk of the

expences ;

peace, or town-clerk, for the return which shall be made in re-

clerks of justices, &c.

spect of every parish, township, and place, the sum of two shillings and sixpence ; to the high- constable, or other proper

2officer, for the like, the sum of one shilling and sixpence ; to

the overseers of the poor, governors, or other officers ofhouses of

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. 933

of industry, or workhouses, for the like, a fum not less than two

shillings and sixpence each and not exceeding ten shillings and

sixpence each, exclusive of their travelling expences, at the dif-

cretion of the justices who shall approve of the returns ; to the

clerks of the justices of the peace, for the like, the fum of one

shilling ; and that the said justices of the peace, at their respec- Justices to

tive quarter sessions, which shall be held next after the Easter make an

one thousand eight hundred and four, shall and are hereby order for

required to make an order upon their respective treasurers to ofrates.

payment out

pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the

respective counties, ridings, divisions, precincts, sokes, franchises ,

liberties , cities , and towns corporate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures Recovery and

and penalties inflicted by this act, shall, unless otherwise directed application

by this act , if not immediately paid, be levied by distress and sale of penalties.

of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant

under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace, having

jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the

said offender the overplus (if any) after the charge of such dif-

tress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress

shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such justice to

commit such offender to the common goal, there to remain, with-

out bail or mainprize , for a term not exceeding twelve calendar

€

months, unless the said forfeiture and charges shall be sooner

paid ; and the said forfeitures , when recovered, shall be paid and

applied one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the

said respective treasurers, in aid of the rates aforesaid ; and any

person shall be deemed a competent witness for the execution of

any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying or

being liable to pay to such county rates .

IX. And be it further enacted, That any justice of the peace Justices be-

aforesaid, before whom any return shall be made in pursuance fore whom returns shall

of this act, by any overseer of the poor or other person aforesaid, be made, de, shall

shall and he is hereby empowered and required to administer to administer to

such overseer or other person aforesaid the following oaths, (or, the party the

being of the people called Quakers, affirmations ); videlicet, following

oaths.

OU swear [ or affirm,] that the return [or part of the re-

، Yturn , made byyourcontains the be

of your knowledge

and belief , a full and true answer to the questions contained in

the schedule of the act intituled, An altfor procuring returns re-

lative to the expence and maintenance of the poor in England .

So help you GOD. '

YOU

OU shall true answer make to all such questions as shall

be demanded of you you touching these your returns relative

to the poor of the parish [or township, ] of [ or of the incorporated parishes under your care, as the cafe may be as far as the

same is within your knowledge.

So help you GOD. '

Which

(

934 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 144. [ 1803 .

Which oaths shall be taken by the party on the Holy Evan-

gelists in the usual manner of administering oaths.

Persons mak- X. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or

ingfalse oaths

mallbe able persons shall wilfully and corruptly make a false oath, touching

to the penal- any of the matters contained in this act, every such person or

ties for

persons offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be

perjury.

and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and

penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful

and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

Asufficient

number of

XI. And be it enacted, That a sufficient number of printed

copies of this act, and also of the schedule hereunto annexed,

printed copies of this shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing thereof , be

actand the transmitted by his Majesty's printer to the clerks of the peace

schedule shall of the several and respective counties, ridings, divisions, pre-

be transmitted

byhis Ma- cincts, sokes, franchises, and liberties in England and Wales;

jesty's printer and that the said several clerks of the peace shall, and they are

to the clerks hereby required, with all convenient speed, to cause the said

of the peace, act to be distributed among all and every the acting justices of

who thall

cause the

the peace within their respective limits, and also a sufficient

acts to be

number of the schedules to this act annexed, to be delivered to

distributed to

the high-constables or other proper officers who have the exe-

the acting justices, and

cution of precepts from such justices of the peace within their

copies of the

respective limits, and which said clerks of the peace shall also

schedule to

cause a sufficient number of such copies of this act and schedule

be delivered

respectively to be delivered to the town-clerks or other proper

to the high- constables,

officers of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in

&c.

which quarter sessions of the peace are usually holden, situate in

the county, riding , or division, for which the said clerks of the

peace shall respectively act, to be by the said town-clerks respectively distributed in like manner among the acting justices

of the peace in every such city , borough, town corporate, or

place, and among the proper officers who have the execution of

precepts from such justices of such city, borough, town cor-

Clerks of the porate, or place; and the said clerks of the peace and town

peace to transmit lift

clerks respectively shall also receive the returns to be made pursuant to the directions herein given, and transmit the fame, with

of the re-

turns to the

a list thereof , and also another list therewith of parishes or

secretary of

places not having made due returns, to his Majesty's principal

state.

secretary of state, with all convenient speed , in order that an

abstract of the same may be made and presented to both houses

of parliament, upon pain of forfeiting for every neglect and

default a sum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than forty

shillings , at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom

complaint thereof shall be made.

SCHEDULE

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 144. 935

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers .

QUESTIONS to which, by directions of an act passed in the

forty- third year of the reign of his majesty King George the

Third , intituled, An altfor procuring returns relative to the

expences and maintenance of the poor in England, written an-

fwers are to be returned by the overseer of every parish,

township, or place in which rates are separately and distinctly

made for the relief of the poor; and also by every governor

or manager of any house of industry or workhouse, in which

any of the poor belonging to such parith or place have been

maintained during the year ending Easter one thousand eight

hundred and three, for which purpose the overseer and go-

vernor of the workhouse (where any) are to attend the juf-

tices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, on pain

of incurring the penalties imposed by the said act, for every

wilful default or neglect.

70 1. What is the name and description of your parish or place ?

In answer to this question, you are required to specify the

name of the place , spelled in the most usual manner ; and also

whether it be a parish or part of any parish, and in the latter

cafe specifying whether it be usually called a tything, township,

or by what other name, and in what parish, and in what hundred, or other usual division of your county it is situate.

2. What was the total amount of money raised within the

year ending Easter one thousand eight hundred and three, by

poor's rate , and any other rate or rates ?

3. At what rate in the pound for that year ?

4. What was the total amount of money expended in that

year for the maintenance and relief of the poor ; distinguishing

money expended out of the house of industry or workhouse,

and money expended in the house of industry or workhouse,

if any?

If no house of industry or workhouse, write the words " No

workhouse" in the proper columns throughout the schedule.

If there be a house of industry or workhouse in which any

poor of your parish or place are maintained, inform the gover-

nor or proper officer thereof , thathe is required, underpain of the

penalties of this act, to enable you to fill up and complete the

proper column, to the truth of the contents of which, and of

every

936 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. [ 1803 .

every other column relating to the workhouse, he is to mak

attestation upon oath before the justices of the peace, according

to the directions of this act.

5. What was the total amount of money expended in that

year in suits of law, removal of paupers , and expences of over-

seers, or other officers employed therein ?

6. What was the total amount of money expended in that

year for all other purposes, except those expressed in the two

last questions, including herein any church rate, county rate,

highway, or militia charges , &c . &c. ?

7. What was the total amount of money expended in that

year?

In answer to this question you are required to take care,

that the amount be the total of the three columns marked

4, 5, 6, or to explain on the schedule why it does not agree

therewith .

8. What was the total amount of money expended in that

year in purchasing materials for employing the poor; dif-

tinguishing money so expended out of the house of industry or

workhouse, and money so expended in the house of industry or

workhouse, and herein making application to the governor or

other officer thereof , as directed in question 4. ?

9. What was the total amount of money earned by the

labour of the poor towards their maintenance in that year, and

as such accounted for to your parish or place ?

10. What was the number of persons relieved from the poor's

rate permanently throughout that year ; distinguishing persons

so relieved out of the house, and persons fo relieved in the

house, but not including any children whose parents have been

permanently relieved out of the house ?

11. What was the number of the children of the aforesaid

persons permanently relieved out of the house ; distinguishing

those under five years of age, and those between five and four-

teen years of age ?

12. What was the number of persons relieved occasionally

in that year ?

13. What was the total number of persons relieved who were

above sixty years of age, or disabled from labour by permanent

illness or other infirmity ?

14. What was the number of persons relieved in that year

who were not parishioners ?

15. What

4

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. 15. What friendly societies hold their usual meetings in your

parish or place ?

16. What is the number of members in the said societies, in-

cluding members not belonging to your parish or place, as well

as those belonging to it ?

17. What number of children are now educated in any

+ school of industry in your parish or place ?

1 Concerning this question, specify further particulars as in-

formed by the patrons or promoters of such school, and annex

a paper containing such particulars to this schedule in any convenient manner.

18. Are there any matters which you think it necessary to

- remark in explanation of your answers to any of the preceding

questions ?

937

T

1

SCHEDULE continued.

938 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. [1803. 15

SCHEDULE continued.

I. 2. 3 .

5. 7. 8 .

Total

Money raisedwith-

At what

Name and Description of each

in the Year ending Easter 1803,

Rate in the

by the

Pound for

Parish or Place .

Poor Rates

orother

Rate or

that Year.

Rates.

Expenditure inSuits of

Total Money

expended in that Year

for the Maintenance and

Law, Re- moval of Paupers ,

Expenditure for any other Pur-

Total

Money expended

Expenditure of the

in purchasing Materials

Relief of the Poor.

andJour- nies and Expences of Overseers

poses , Church-

for employing the Poor.

Parish or

Rate , County- Rate , Highways,

Placewith-

in the Year

Outof the

House. In the

or other Officers .

Militia, &c.

ending Easter 1803 . Out of the

House.

House.

In the

House .

L. s. d. L. s. d. L. s. d. L. s. d. L. s. d. £. s. d. L. s. d. L. s. d . £ . s. d.

218 : 30 : 250

I , A. B. overseer, and I , C. D. governor or manager of the house of

do swear [or , affirm] That the above return contains, to the best of

schedule of an act intituled, An act for procuring returns relative to the expe

Sworn [or, affirmed) before us justices of the peace in and for the

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 144. 939

SCHEDULE continued. 1

9: 10. 11. 12. 13 . 14. 15 . 16. 17.

Number of Per-

Number of

Money earned by the

sons relieved

Children of Fer-

Labour of the Poor

from the Poor's

sons relieved

towards their Mainte-

nance ,and accounted

Rateperma- neatly, not in-

permanently.

for to the Parish

cluding Children

or riace .

of such Persons.

Outof

the In the

House .

Ilouse.

Under

Five

Years

of

Age .

From

5to 14

Years

of

Age .

Number

Number of

of Persons

relieved

Number of

Members in

who are

Number

the said

Number

Friendly

Number

above 60

of

Societies

of Years of Persons

Societies , including

of

Children

who hold

Members

inany

Persons Age, or dis - relieved their usual

not belong-

School of

relieved abled from who were

occasion- Labour by not l'a-

Meetings within

ing to your

Industry

Parish or in your

ally. permanent rishioners . your Parish

Place, as Parish or

Illness, or other orPlace ,

well as those

Place.

if any .

belonging

Intirmity.

to it.

Outof the

House .

In the

House.

£. s. d . L. s. d.

Justry or workhouse of the

of in the county of

tnowledge and belief , a full and true answer to the questions , contained in the

nd maintenance of the poor in England .

Signed Overseer

of the house of industry.

his day of one thousand eight hundred and three.

Signed

940 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 145. [1803.

CAP. CXLV.

An actfor more effectuallyfecuring certain duties on malt, and forpre-

venting frauds by makers of maltfrom beer or bigg in Scotland.-

[ August 11 , 1803. ]

C. 81.

FOR OR the more

effectually securing the duties on malt imposed by

an act of the present session of parliament , intituled, An act for

granting to his Majesty, until twelve months after the ratifica-

tion of the definitive treaty of peace, certain additional duties of

excise in Great Britain, and preventing of frauds by makers of malt

from beer or bigg in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; be

it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-

From July 5,

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-

1803. the

rity of the fame, That, from and after the first day of July one

dutyof 25.

thousand eight hundred and three, the duty of two shillings im-

imposedby

recited act,

posed by the said recited act shall be charged and paid for and

thall be paid

upon all and every bushel of malt whatsoever, which shall be

for every

made by any maltster or maker of malt within that part of Great

bushel of

maltmade in

Britain called Scotland , save and except such malt only as shall or

maltadenot maybe made by any maltster or maker of malt, maltsters or

beingmalt

made from

makers of malt, from beer or bigg only, duly entered according to

and under the several regulations, restrictions, and provisions

beer or bigg.

hereinafter mentioned .

Persons in-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

tending to

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, all and

makemalt

from beer or

every person or persons who shall propose or intend to make

bigg only,

malt from beer or bigg only in that part of Great Britain called

shail make

Scotland, before he, she, or they shall erect, set up, alter, enlarge,

entry at the

or make use of any cistern, uting vat, or other utensil for wetting

excite -office

or steeping beer or bigg, to be made into malt, or any kiln, floor,

of every cif .

tern,&c.

room, or other place, for the making or keeping of such malt,

or for the laying or keeping of beer or bigg, for the purpose of

beingmade into malt, shall make a true and particular entry in

writing at the next office of excise of every such cistern, uting

vat, utensil, kiln, floor, room, or place whatsoever ; and shall in

such entry express and declare, that he, she, or they is or are

to make malt from beer or bigg only, and from no other grain

Penalty.

whatsoever, on pain to forfeit for every cistern, uting vat, utensil,

kiln , floor, room, or place whatsoever, made use of by such malt-

ster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt, without such entry as

aforesaid, the sum of fifty pounds sterling ; and if any such malt-

fter or maltsters, maker or makers of malt shall not , in the entry

so made or directed to be made as aforesaid, express and declare

that he, she, or they is or are to make malt from beer or bigg

only, and from no other grain, then and in every such case such

maltster or maltsters , maker or makers of malt respectively, shall

be deemed and taken to be, and is or are hereby expressly de-

clared to be a maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt

from barley or other corn or grain, subject to the duty imposed by

7

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 145. 941

by the said recited act of two shillings for every bushel of malt

made by him, her, or them, and to all other duties, regulations,

provisions , restrictions , penalties, and forfeitures , to which any

maltsters or makers of malt from barley or other corn or grain

are subject and liable by virtue of any act or acts of parliament

now in force.

III . And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Entry to con-

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, when tinue in force

and so often as any such maltster or maltsters, maker or makers until with- drawn;

of malt from beer or bigg only, shall have made such entry as

aforesaid, expressing that he is to make malt from beer or bigg

only , such entry shall be and remain in force for the space of three

months at the least, and shall likewise continue in force at all

times until such maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt

respectively shall deliver to and leave with the proper officer of

excise a notice in writing, signifying that he, she, or they, has or

have withdrawn and renounced the said entry, and is or are no

longer to continue to make malt from beer or bigg only, in man-

ner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said but not to be

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, no withdrawn

such maltster or maltsters , maker or makers of malt from beer while there is

anymaltin

or

bigg only , shall be permitted to withdraw or renounce his, the custody of

her, or their entry at any time until all the beer or bigg in his, the maker.

her, or their custody or possession shall have been and is completely made into malt and dried off , and until the whole thereof

has been taken account of , and the duties thereon have been

charged by the proper officer of excise ; but the officers of

excise shall and may continue to survey such maltster or maltsters,

maker or makers of malt, until the whole of such beer or bigg

is completely made into malt, dried off , taken account of , and

charged with duty as before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Conditions

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, no malt onwhich en-

triesby

ster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from barley or other maltsters are

corn or grain shall be permitted to make an entry as a maltster or permitted.

maltsters from beer or bigg only, until all the malt made by him,

her , or them, from barley or other corn or grain shall be completely dried off , taken account of , and charged with duty, and

until all the barley or other corn or grain in his, her, or their

custody or poffession shall be completely removed and carried

away from his, her, or their possession and premises ; and no

maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg

only shall be permitted to make an entry as a maltster or malt-

sters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg only shall be

permitted to make an entry as a maltster or maltsters of malt

from barley or other corn or grain until all the malt so by him

made from beer or bigg only thall be completely dried off , taken

account of , and charged with duty, and until all the beer or bigg

inhis, her, or their custody or pofietsion shall be completely re-

moved and carried away from his, her, or their possession and

premises ; and after all or any entry or entries which shall be

2made

942 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 145. [ 1803 .

made or offered or tendered to be made contrary to the true in-

tent and meaning hereof shall be and is hereby declared to be null

and void.

Making of

malt from

beerorbigg

only, and

from - barley

and other

grain, not to

be carried on

together on

penaltyof

2001:

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

fiftin day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, no malt-

ster or maluters, maker or makers of malt from barley and other

corn or grain shall directly or indirectly be concerned or have

any share, title, or interest in carrying on the trade or business

of a maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or

bigg only; and if any person or persons shall carry on thebusiness

ofa maltster or maltsters , maker or makers of malt from beer or

bigg only along with that of a maltster or maltsters, maker or

makers of malt from barley and other corn or grain, he, she, or

they shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the fum of

two hundred pounds .

Entry to be

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

made for such said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three , no

making, of

malt infepa- person or persons whatsoever shall be permitted to make entry of

rate premises . any house or place for the laying, making or keeping of malt made

from beer or bigg only, unless the same shall be completely sepa-

rate and apart, and under a separate roof , and in separate pre-

mifes from any house or place entered for the making, laying, or

keeping of malt made from barley and other corn or grain ; and

no person or persons shall be permitted to make an entry of any

house or place for the making, laying, or keeping of malt made

from barley and other corn or grain, unless the same shall be

completely separate and apart, and under a different roof , and in

separate premises from any house or place entered for the making,

laying, and keeping of malt made from beer or bigg only ; and

if any entry or entries shall be made or offered to be made, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof , every such entry

shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void; and any per-

fon or persons making, laying, or keeping any malt in any such

house or place, houses or places, situate and lying contrary to the

true intent and meaning hereof , shall be deemed and taken to be

a maker or makers of malt without entry, and thall be liable to

all the pains, penalties , and forfeitures imposed by any act or acts

of parliament now in force for or in respect of the making of

malt without entry, or concealing the fame.

Beer orbigg VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

brought into said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, no

the possession beer or bigg shall be brought into the custody or possession of any

ofamaltster without giv.

maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg

ing notice to

only, or into any room or other place made use of by such malt-

the proper officer , and

ster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg only,

leaving a

for the making, laying, or keeping of such malt, or of beer or

certificate from the fel-

bigg to be made into malt, whether the said room or other

place thall be entered or not, without first giving notice thereof

ler ,&c. shall

to the proper officer of excise of the division or place within

be forfeited ,

and the malt-

which such room or other place is situate, and without pro-

ster shall for-

ducing to the said officer, and leaving with him an authentic cer-

feit rocl.

tificate, under the hand of the feller or other person or persons

from

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII II. c. 145. 943

from whom such beer or bigg was purchased or received, testify-

ing that such seller or other person or persons do know the corn

or grain fo fold, sent, or delivered unto and to be received by such

maltster or maltsters , maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg

only , to be really and actually beer or bigg, or bigg only with-

out any mixture therein, or any addition thereto, of any other

kind or species of corn or grain whatsoever; and if any corn or

grain whatsoever, other than beer or bigg only, shall be brought

or received into the custody or poffession of any such maltster or

maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg only, or

ifany corn or grain, of whatever species the same may be, shall

be received into the custody or possession of any such maltster or

maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg only,

without such notice and certificate as is hereinbefore mentioned,

all such beer or bigg, or other corn or grain whatsoever, shall be

forfeited and loft , and shall and may be seised by any officer or

officers of excise ; and such maltster or maltsters, maker or

makers of malt, into whose custody or possession the fame

shall be brought, or in whose custody or possession the same shall

be found, shall forfeit and lose the sum ofone hundred pounds .

IX. And be it further enacted, That , from and after the said Persons giving

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three , if any false , certifier

person or persons whatsoever shall give or grant unto any maltster or bigg shall

or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg only , forfeit 100 % .

any false or untrue certificate , signifying or certifying that any

corn or grain whatsoever, fold, fent, or delivered unto any such

maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt as aforesaid, is

really beer or bigg only, without any mixture or addition of any

other corn or grain, when such corn or grain so fold, fent, or

delivered is not really and truly beer or bigg only, without such

mixture or addition of other corn or grain, every such person or

persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the fum of

one hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted , That, from and after the said Beer or bigg

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, when or other grain

any beer or bigg, or other corn or grain whatsoever, shall be brought into

thepoffeffion

brought and received into the custody or possession of any malt of any malt..

fter or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg ster from

only , or into any house, room, or place, made use of by such beer or bigg

maltster or malisters, maker or makers of malt from beer or only , shall be

kept separate

bigg only, for the making, laying, or keeping of such malt as for 24 hours

aforesaid, or of beer or bigg to be made into malt, then and in for the exa-

every such cafe all such beer or bigg, or other corn or grain, mination of

shall be kept separate and apart from, and not in any manner

the officer.mixed or confounded with any other beer or bigg, or any other

corn or grain, in the custody or possession of such maltster or

maltsters, maker or makers of malt as aforesaid, for the space of

twenty-four hours at least after the fame hath been so received

into his, her, or their custody or possession, so that the officer of

excise may have an opportunity of inspecting and examining the

fame; and if any such beer or bigg, or other corn or grain, thall

not

944 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 145. [1803 .

not be kept separate and apart for twenty-four hours from all

other beer or bigg or other corn or grain, as is herein directed,

then and in every such cafe all such beer or bigg, or other corn

or grain so mixed or confounded, and all the beer or bigg, corn

or grain, with which the same shall be so mixed or confounded,

shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be seised by any

officer or officers of excise, and the maltster or maltsters, maker

or makers of malt in whose custody the same shall be found, thall

forfeit and lose the sum offifty pounds.

Beer or bigg

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

not to be wet

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, it shall

until the ex-

not be lawful for any maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of

piration of

24 hours after malt from beer or bigg only, to wet , steep, or put into water

being brought any beer or bigg, in order to be made into malt , until the ex-

in , onpenal penalty piration of twenty - four hours at least after the said beer or bigg

offorfeiture shall have been brought into his, her, or their custody or poffef-

and 50l.

fion ; and if any fuck maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of

malt from beer or bigg only, shall begin to wet, steep, or put

into water any beer or bigg, in order to be made into malt ,

before the expiration of twenty- four hours after such beer or

bigg has been brought into his, her, or their custody or posses-

fion, whether notice of his, her, or their intention to wet the

same shall or shall not have been given, he, she, or they thall

forfeit and lose for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds,

and all the beer or bigg so begun to be wet, steeped, or put into

water as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may

be seised by any officer or officers of excise .

Excise officers XII. And be it further enacted , That, from and after the said

to examine fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, all and

thebeer or every the officer or officers of excise shall be and is or are hereby

bigg , and may

authorised and required to examine and take account of all beer

take samples.

or bigg , corn or grain whatsoever, which shall or may be in the

custody or possession of any maltster or maltsters, maker or mak-

ers of malt from beer or bigg only, whether the same shall be

actually making or made into malt or not, and to ascertain to

the best of his knowledge and belief the species or kind of all

such corn or grain, and to take a sample or samples of all such

beer or bigg, corn or grain, if such officer or officers shall deem

the same to be necessary , such sample or samples not exceeding

two ounces in the whole out of each separate parcel of beer or

Persons ob-

bigg, corn or grain ; and if any person or persons shall hinder or

structing offi- obstruct such officer or officers in examining the species or kind

cers to forfeit

100 % .

of such beer, bigg , or other corn or grain as aforesaid, or in

taking samples of the fame, every such person or persons shall

for every such offence forfeit and lose the fum of one hundred

Grain, other

pounds. XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

than beer or

said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, if

biggro malt any officer or officers of excise shall find and discover any barley

therefrom,

or other corn or grain other than beer or bigg, or any mait

therefr found on the which has been made from barley or other corn or grain than beer

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 145. 945

beer or bigg, in the custody or possession of or on the premises premises, &c.

belonging to any maltster or maltiters, maker or makers of malt shall be for-

feited , and

from beer or bigg only, whether the said barley, corn, grain, or the maltfter

maltshall be mixed or mingled with or among beer or bigg, or thail also for-

withor among malt made from beer or bigg or not , then all feit gol. be-

such barley, corn, or grain , other than beer or bigg, and all such fides paying

thedutyof

maltmade from barley, corn, or grain, other than beer or bigg, 25. for every

and also all the beer or bigg, and malt made from beer or bigg, bushel of malt

withor among which the fame shall be mixed or mingled, shall fo found.

be forfeited and loft , and shall and may be seised by any officer

or officers of excise, and the maltster or maltsters, maker or

makers of malt, with whom or in whose custody such barley,

corn, or grain, other than beer or bigg, or malt made from corn

or grain, other than beer or bigg, shall be found, shall forfeit and

lose the fum of fifty pounds, and shall also be charged with and

shall pay the full duty of two shillings by the said recited act

imposed for and upon all and every bushel of malt whatsoever

that shall then be in his, her, or their custody or possession ,

whether the same thall be completely made or not, and from

whatever species of grain the same shall or may be making, or

made, or pretended or alleged to be making or made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every maltster Maltsters

or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from beer or bigg only , from beer of

bigg to be

small be subject and liable to all the rules, regulations, restrictions, subject to the

provisions, penalties, and forfeitures for securing, charging, same regu-

computing, levying, and paying the duty or duties upon mals , lations as

and for preventing frauds relating thereto to which any maltster maltsters

frombarley

or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from barley or other corn or other grain,

or grain, is or are made subject and liable by any act or acts of &c . when not

parliament now in force ; and such maltster or maltsters, maker inconsistent

or makers of malt from beer or bigg only, shall have and be en- with this act .

titled to the same, and no other allowances, in charging and

computing the duties imposed upon malt made by him, her , or

them, as are made or given to maltsters or makers of malt from

barley or other corn or grain in virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, save and except where the same shall or

may be repugnant to or inconsistent with any of the clauses,

matters, or things herein-before specially provided in regard

to maltsters or makers of malt from beer or bigg only ; any

thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Malt made

said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, in from beer or

cafe any maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt from bigg for exportation

beer or bigg, shall intend to make malt from beer or bigg for liable to the

the purpose of exportation, such maltster or maltsters , maker or fame regu-

makers of malt, shall be subject and liable to all and every the lations as

other malt for

rules, restrictions, provisions, regulations, limitations, penalties, exportation.

and forfeitures to which any maltster or maltsters, maker or

makers of malt for exportation is or are liable, and shall be en-

titled to and shall receive the fame and no other allowances

which any maltster or maltsters, maker or makers of malt for

VOL. XLIV. exportation

3P

946 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 149. [1803.

exportation does or is entitled to receive in virtue or in pursu-

ance of any act or acts of parliament now in force relating to

the making of malt for exportation.

CAP. CXLVI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions for the

uses and purposes therein mentioned.- [August 11 , 1803. ]

His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans or exchequer .

bills to be made out for 2,000,000l. any time before Jan. 5, 1804, agree-

able to 43 Geo. 3. c. 3. Exchequer bill to be signed by the auditor.

Powers of 43 Geo. 3. c. 3. to extend to this act. Loans or exchequer

bills chargeable on the first aids granted next session, and if not granted

before July 5, 1804, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies

issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies .

The bank of England, in case of invasion, may advance the money hereby

authorised to be raised.

САР. СXLVII.

An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds ,

by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year

one thousand eight hundred and three.- [August 11, 1803. ]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1,500,000l. by loans and exchequer bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session,

c. 3. concerning loans, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to

loans or exchequer bills extended to this act. Exchequer bills to bear

an interest not exceeding three-pence halfpenny per centum per diem.

Exchequer bills not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor

exchanged before April 5, 1804. Principal and interest, with charges, to

be repaid out of the supplies to be granted in this seffion. Bank ofEng-

land authorised to advance money on the credit of this act .

CAP. CXLVIII.

An act to enable the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of

Great Britain to issue exchequer bills on the credit of such aids or fup-

plies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of

Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and three.-

[ August 11, 1803. ]

The treasury may issue exchequer bills agreeably to those issued under

the malt act of this session, to be payable out of the supplies for 1803, on

fourteen days' notice in the Gazette. Treasury not to issue under this

act exchequer bills on the credit of 43 Geo. 3. c. 3. and c . 4. or on any

aids that may be granted next session. Exchequer bills shall bear an interest not exceeding three-pence halfpenny per cent. per diem. No ex-

chequerbills to be received in payment of the revenue or at the exchequer

until the same become payable. The clauses in the malt act extended to

this act. Bank of England may advance 2,000,000l . on the credit of this

act

CAP. CXLIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of sixteen thousand

pounds on the House of Orange, during his Majesty's pleasure.-

[ August 11, 1803. ]

His Majesty may grant , during pleasure, an annuity of 16,000l . to the

House of Orange, to be payable quarterly out of the consolidated fund.

Annuity to be payable at the exchequer , without fee, &c.

CAP.

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 947

CAP. CL.

An attfor consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act

or acts , relating to the duties under the management of the commif-

fioners for the affairs of taxes ; and for amending the said acts, fo

faras the fame relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland .- [August 11, 1803. ]

WHEREAS HEREAS it is expedient that certain of the provisions and

powers contained in any acts in relation to the duties on win-

dows or lights, on inhabited houses, on servants, carriages, horses,

mules, and dogs, and other duties transferred to the commissioners for

the affairs oftaxes, as far as the same extend to that part of Great

Britain called Scotland , should be reduced into one act of parliament,

and amended in the particulars herein mentioned ; be it enacted by

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Duties under

the manage-

That all duties now under the management of the commissioners ment of the

for the affairs of taxes, and also the monies arising from an aid commissioners

granted to his Majesty by a land- tax, by an act passed in the for taxes in

Scotland shall

thirty- eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as be assessed

the same relate to Scotland, hall, from and after the time herein- under the

after mentioned for the commencement of this act, be assessed, regulations of

this act.

raised, levied, and paid, under the regulations of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this act, with respect to Commence-

the duties before mentioned, shall commence and take effect ment.

from and after the twenty-fourth day of May, in the year of

our Lord one thousand eight hundred and four.

III. And whereas new or other duties may hereafter be placed Duties placed

under the management of thesaid commissioners for the affairs oftaxes, under this

act to take

to be afsessed under the regulations of this act; be it further enacted, effect from

That this act, with respect to such duties, shall be construed to the time ap-

commence and take effect from and after the times respectively pointed by

appointed by the act or acts granting such duties. act granting such duties .

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person, except the

sheriff depute or substitute of any shire or stewartry in Scotland No commif-

fioner to act

for the time being, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner but those

in theexecution of this act, or any of the said acts before men- qualified un-

tioned, unless he shall be duly qualified or authorised to act in der the land-

Scotland , in execution of the said act passed in the thirty- eighth tax act.

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for

granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land-tax, to be raised in Great

Britain, for theservice of the year one thousand seven hundred and

ninety- eight, nor unless he shall have taken the oaths hereinafter

mentioned; and if any person shall, from and after the time

appointed for the commencement of the regulations of this act,

presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or

the said act or acts before mentioned, or any of the powers or

provisions therein contained, without having taken the oaths

hereby prescribed in the manner required by this act, or without being

3P2

948 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 150. [ 1803.

being qualified or authorised to act as before mentioned, he shall

Commissioners to take

oaths.

forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling .

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall act as a

commissioner in the execution of this act, or any other act or

acts for granting duties to be assessed under the regulations of

this act in Scotland , unless he shall have first taken and subscribed

the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and subscribed the assu-

rance appointed by law to be taken and subscribed by persons in

offices of public trust in Scotland.

Commissioners to take

VI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be ca-

the oaths ex-

pable of acting as such commissioner, unless before he shall begin

pressed in schedule ( A. )

to execute the office of such commissioner (except in adminis-

tering the oath hereinafter mentioned to any of the said commif-

sioners ) he shall take the oath expressed in the schedule marked

(A.) to this act annexed ; all which oaths as aforesaid any one

of the persons so appointed a commissioner is hereby authorised

to administer, although the said person administering the same

hath not himself previously taken the said oaths ; and which

oaths so taken shall be subscribed by the party taking the same,

and the names of all persons so subscribing shall forthwith be

transmitted to the comptroller of taxes at Edinburgh, by the

clerks of the commissioners respectively, wherever such oaths

shall be so administered : provided always, that where any commissioner or commissioners , who shall have already qualified

himself or themselves by taking the said oaths, shall be present

at any meeting to be held under this act, in the same shire ,

stewartry, city, or borough respectively, then and in that case

the said oaths shall be administered to any other commissioner

by him or them, and by no other.

Commissioners not to act

where interested .

VII. And be it further enacted, That in any matter or thing

touching the execution of this act, relating to the duties to be

affefsed under the regulations of this act, in which any commif-

fioner or commissioners shall be interested, either for himself , or

as factor, agent, attorney, or solicitor, for any other person, he

shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until it shall have been

determined by the rest of the commissioners ; and if any commif-

fioner shall presume to act in any of the cases before mentioned,

he shall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds sterling .

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such commissioners as

ers to proceed shall be duly qualified to act in the execution of this act, in or-

to the appoint der to the speedy execution of any act or acts relating to the du-

ment of clerks

and assessorss . ties to be assessed under the regulations of this act , shall, within

the respective shires , stewartries, cities, or boroughs, for which

they severally are or shall be appointed to be commissioners , meet

together yearly at their most usual or common place ofmeeting,

as commissioners of land-tax within such shires , stewartries, cities,

or boroughs respectively, on or before the thirtieth day of April

yearly, or on such other stated day thereafter as conveniently can

be done, and as shall be appointed by their respective conveners,

not being later than the first Wednesday of July in every year after

the commencement of this act, for charging and ordering the

payments

コ

1

5

3

P

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 949

payments of the said duties to be made for the year current at and

on the said days ; and such commissioners, or so many of them as

shall be present at the said meeting to be holden every year as

aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall elect one fit and fuffi-

cient person to be their clerk , and one other fit and sufficient

person, if the said commissioners shall deem it necessary, to be

his assistant for the assessments to be made of the several duties

with which the said commissioners shall be charged, within their

respective limits ; and such commissioners shall also, at such their

said meeting, direct their precept or precepts to such inhabitants

of every parish within their several shires , stewartries, cities, or

boroughs, and such number of them as the major part of the

commissioners so met shall, in their discretion, think most convenient to be assessors to the effect after mentioned, requiring

them to appear before the said commissioners at their said usual

place ofmeeting, on a day to be specified in the said precept or

precepts, which shall not exceed twenty-one days from the date

of their precept; and the clerk to the said commissioners shall

cause such precepts to be delivered to the persons so named af-

feffors personally, or left at their dwelling houses, within the

space of ten days ; and the said afsessors shall, upon such day as

shall be so appointed for that purpose, within the time before

fixed, personally appear before the commissioners at their ordi-

nary place of meeting ; and on the day fo appointed the said commissioners shall again meet, and shall then openly read or cause

to be read unto the assessorss appointed for each parish, required

to appear as aforesaid, the several duties for which they are appointed aslessors , and openly declare the effect of their charge

unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and should

make their certificate and affessments of the said several duties

committed to their charge ; and shall then and there appoint an-

other day, within the time hereinafter limited, for the said per-

fons to appear again before the said commissioners, and bring in

their certificates of assessment, in writing under their hands, to

be verified upon their oaths or solemn affirmations, and not

otherwise, of all the matters and things required of them, with-

out concealment or favour ; and the said afsessors are hereby

strictly enjoined and required, with all care and diligence, to

charge and affess themselves, and all other persons chargeable

with the said duties, and to make the afsessments according to

the provisions of this act, and of the said act or acts before mentioned , upon pain of forfeiture of any fum not exceeding twenty

pounds nor less than five pounds sterling, and the said commif-

sioners shall have power to appoint the subsequent diets and

their conveners from time to time, subject to the provisions of

this act.

IX. And be it further enacted , That the commissioners appoint- Collectors to

ed to act in the execution of the aforesaid acts shall , upon the be appointed .

day appointed for the first meeting of the said commissioners in

any year, elect and choose one or more fit person or persons (as

the cafe may require) in their respective shires, stewartries, cities ,

or

950 Oath tobe

taken by

assessorss .

When affef-

fors deliver

their affeff-

ments, du-

plicate to be

delivered to

the collec-

tors.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 150. [1803.

or boroughs , to be collector or collectors of the said several du-

ties within the fame: provided always, that such collector or collectors shall be empowered to act as assessor or assessors for any

parish or place within the shire, stewartry, city, or borough, for

which he or they shall be so appointed collector or collectors .

X. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed or

to be appointed an assessor as aforesaid, shall, at the time of his

appointment, and he is hereby required to take the oath, or , be-

ing one of the people called quakers, to make and subscribe the

solemn affirmation before the commissioners for executing this

act then present, in the form set forth in the schedule to this act

annexed, marked (B.), for his due and faithful administration of

his said office ; and if he presumes to act as assessors as aforesaid

without taking such oath or making such affirmation, he shall

forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds sterling.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes, the assessorss

so to be appointed as aforesaid shall make and deliver in writing

their certificates of assessments for one whole year, of all the du-

ties given to them in charge as aforesaid, to the respective commissioners, on or before the first Wednesday of August in every

year, if they shall have appointed a meeting for that purpose

within that time, and two or more of them shall attend such

meeting ; and in default of appointment of such meeting, or at-

tendance thereat by two or more commissioners, the clerk to such

commissioners shall present the same to the sheriff depute or fub-

stitute in the shire or stewartry, and to the chief magistrate of

any city or borough where such default shall happen, and also to

the convener of such commissioners in every such shire , stewar-

try, city, or borough, who respectively, or any two of them in

their respectivejurisdictions, as soon as conveniently can be done,

shall set their hands to the said respective assessments, testifying

their allowance of the same; and the clerk to such commissioners

shall then deliver to such person or persons as they shall have appointed collector or collectors, a copy of such affefsment allowed

and duly signed as aforesaid ; and the said collector or collectors

is and are hereby enjoined and required, within the space of fix

days after delivery to him or them as aforesaid of the copy of the

said affefsment for the shire, stewartry, city, or borough, for which

he or they shall have been nominated collector or collectors, to

deliver to some one of the afsessors of each parish within such

shire, stewartry, city, or borough, a copy under his hand of the

said assessment for such parish, with an order thereon for such af-

feffors delivering a note of the sum charged to the parties charged

therewith , either personally or at the places of their last abode, or

on the premises charged with the assessment, as the cafe may require; and the assessors to whom such copy and order shall be

delivered shall, within fourteen days after receipt thereof , make

notification as aforesaid thereupon, and return the said copy and

order to the collector, and from whom he received the same, with

a certificate upon oath before one of the commissioners aforesaid,

that he did notify the same in the manner prescribed by this act .

XII. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 951

XII. And be it further enacted, That the respective collectors Collectors to

of the said duties to be appointed for the several shires, stewart- give security.

ries, cities, or boroughs, shall, at or soon after the time of their

appointment, and before they act in the execution of their duty

as such collectors, or receive any money on the said duties, enter

intobond to his Majesty, with such good and sufficient caution as

the barons of the exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding

him or them, and his or their sureties conjunctly and severally,

for his and their due and faithful performance in every respect

ofall the duties of a collector, and for duly paying to the re-

ceiver- general for Scotland at Edinburgh, or his deputy or deputies,

at such times after the receipt thereof as the said barons shall

direct to be inserted in the bond, all such sums of money as shall

from time to time be collected by or paid to them for or on

account of the said duties, under ' a penalty of two hundred

pounds sterling, over and above performance; in which bond

it shall also be a condition, that the collector or collectors therein

named shall quarterly, on the fifth day of January, fifth day of

April , fifth day of July, and tenth day of October, or oftener if required by the said barons, deliver unto the King's remem-

brancer, or his deputy in exchequer, a true and exact statement,

certified upon oath before the sheriff depute, or steward of the

shire or stewartry, or his substitute, or before the chief magif-

trate of the city or borough of which he or they is or are collector or collectors, of the fums arising from the said duties

received by him or them, for the quarter for which the state-

ment is given in, and of the sum paid to the receiver-general,

and the precise fum on account of the said duties in the hands

of the said collector or collectors, and which bond the King's

remembrancer, or his deputy in the court of exchequer in Scotland , is hereby authorised and required to take, the sureties being

approved of as aforesaid ; and such bond shall not be subject to

any stamp-duty whatever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the event of any Barons of the

collector or collectors refusing or neglecting to enter into such exchequer

bond or bonds as aforesaid, in the form prescribed by the said may remove

collectors not

barons under the authority of his act, or, after having entered entering into

into the said bond, refusing or neglecting to fulfil the conditions security, or

thereof , beside the forfeiture of the penalty in the said bond, it for want of

mall be lawful for the said barons, or any two or more of them, performance.

to suspendfrom, or, if necessary, to deprive of his or their office,

the collector or collectors so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid,

and to nominate and appoint a person to officiate as collector of

the said duties, within the shire, stewartry, city, or borough , of

which the person or persons so refusing or neglecting was or

were collector or collectors, in the place or stead of such person

or persons, until thirty days after the time fixed by law for the

annual nomination of a collector or collectors in such shire,

stewartry, city, or borough ; and the person or persons so to be

appointed by the said barons shall have full power and authority,

and is and are hereby authorised to raise, collect, and pay over the

said

952 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [1803 .

said duties, as the said collector or collectors so suspended or re-

moved could have done, had not such suspension or removal been

effected ; and he and they shall also be entitled to the several

allowances authorised by law to be made to collectors of the

said duties, provided such person or persons so appointed by the

said barons shall give the like security as is herein required on

the appointment of collectors by commissioners .

Penalty on

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any assessors or col-

assessorss and collectors re-

lector, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or

fusing to act.

refuse to take upon himself the office of an assessors or collector

to which he shall be appointed, or shall wilfully neglect or re-

fuse to perform his duty in the due and speedy execution of this

act, or of any act or acts granting duties to be afsessed under

the regulations of this act, any two of such commissioners, or

the sheriff depute or substitute of the thire or stewartry, or chief

magistrate of the city or borough, may and shall, by virtue of

this act, impose on such person or persons so refusing or neglecting, for every such offence, a fine not exceeding twenty

Commission-

pounds nor less than ten pounds sterling.

ers, assessorss,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

or collectors, commissioners, sheriff or depute sheriff , afsessor or collector, who

not to be lia- shall be employed in the execution of any such act or acts herein

ble to further mentioned, or of this act, shall be liable, for or by reason of

penalties than such execution, to any penalty or penalties other than as by this

those contained in the act. act or the said act or acts are or may be inflicted .

Inspectors and XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several persons,

surveyors of who as inspectors or surveyors are or may be authorised to act

assessed taxes in the execution of any act or acts in force at or immediately

tobe inspec- before the passing of this act, shall also be inspectors and fur-

tors and fur-

veyors of the veyors to act in the execution of this act, and of the said act or

duties to be acts before mentioned ; and it shall be lawful to and for his

charged under Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, or the lords- commissioners of

this act.

the treasury, or any three or more of them, now or for the

time being, or the high- treasurer for the time being , from time

to time to constitute such person or persons as his Majesty, his

heirs and fuccessors , or the said commissioners of the treasury ,

or the high- treasurer for the time being, shall think proper, to

be officers for the survey and inspection of the duties under the

management of the commissioners for the affairs oftaxes, within

that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, for doing and executing

all things belonging to the office of inspector or surveyor, according to the powers vested in them by this act, or by any

other act or acts , for granting the said duties to be afssessed under

the regulations of this act, or any of them.

Surcharges

tobe made.

XVII . And be it further enacted, That every such surveyor

or surveyors , inspector or inspectors, shall, twice in every year,

to wit, between the first day of September and the first day of

October following , and between the first day of March and the

first day of April following, yearly, and at no other times, lodge

anote in writing with the clerk to the said commissioners, of all such

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 953

such surcharges as, upon supervising the affefsments, or on ex-

amination of the returns of the parties, they may lawfully

make; and thereupon shall give or cause to be given to every

person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her

last or usual place of abode in the shire, stewartry, city, or bo-

rough, where such surcharge shall be made, a note in writing,

bearing the amount for which he or she shall be charged by vir-

tue of such certificate, above the amount in the affefsment .

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or Allowance of

surveyors, inspector or inspectors, shall omit to make a fur- further time

charge on or before the first day of October in any year, it shall to make fur-

be lawful for the surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors ,

charges .

to make such surcharges on or before the first day of April fol-

lowing, for the whole year.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or in- Penalty on

spector shall knowingly or wilfully, through favour , under-rate surveyors for

ゴー

or omit to charge any person or persons, or thall be guilty of any misconduct.

corrupt , vexatious, or illegal practices in the execution of his

office , such surveyor or inspector shall for every such offence

forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds , and on conviction thall

be discharged from his said employment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall think Persons ag-

himself , herself , or themselves respectively, overcharged or over- grievedmay

rated by any afsessment or surcharge to be made by virtue or in appeal.

1

pursuance of any act or acts before mentioned, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the commif-

fioners for putting in execution the said act or acts in relation to

such affefsment, and this act, on delivering to the collector of

the duties at his office, and to the surveyor of the district, or

inspector, within fifteen days after the note in writing of his

charge being delivered to him or her, or left at his or her house

or place of abode by the assessors or assessorss, by him or herself ,

or some other person acting on his or her behalf, a note in wri-

ting of such intention to appeal, containing the wrong or griev-

ance of which such person complains; and the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all

such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said commissioners that the person appealing shall have omitted to notify .

the same as aforesaid to the proper officer, then and in such cafe

such appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and it shall be

✔lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required to dismiss the fame , and to confirm the affefsment or

surcharge complained of; and every such collector is hereby required to make an entry, in a book to be kept by him for that

purpose , ofall such notices given to him from time to time, and

to lay them before the said commissioners at their first meeting,

for deliver the same to the clerk ; and every such collector is also

hereby required, upon demand made for that purpose by the

assessorss or surveyors, to give them inspection, and leave to take

a copy of all such notices of appeals, that they may attend the meeting

954 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 150. [1803.

meeting of the said commissioners prepared to answer the fame,

in support of their charge or surcharge.

No afsessment

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

to be altered

but on appeal.

afsesiment made in pursuance of this act , by the assessors or affef-

fors, or, in their default, by the inspectors or surveyors, shall be

altered by commissioners or any others before the time of hear-

ing and determining appeals, and then only upon a surcharge or

surcharges , or upon the commissioners hearing the matter of appeal particularly relating thereto, upon a general appeal day duly

appointed, save and except in such cases only where such commif-

fioners are specially authorised to alter or ratify any such affeff-

ment by the act or acts before mentioned ; and if any clerk to

such commissioners, or any other person or persons, shall alter,

or cause or procure or suffer to be altered any assessment, after the

same shall have been delivered as aforesaid, except in the cafes

expressly allowed as aforesaid, or in cases of appeal, and by order

of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, made

after appeal as aforesaid, every such clerk or other person shall

forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds sterling.

Party to insist

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the party giv-

on the appeal

ing such notice of appeal or complaint shall neglect to infift

atthe next meeting.

therein before the said commissioners, at their next general

meeting for discussing of appeals, to be held half -yearly in man-

ner herein mentioned, then and in that case such complaint or

appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the charge and affeff-

ment therein referred to shall stand in full force.

No abatement

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commission-

to be made on

ers, or any two of them, shall not, upon hearing any such appeal,

appeal, but

on proofof

make an abatement or defalcation in the charge made upon any

an overcharge. person by assessiment, or by the surcharge of any assessors or affef-

fors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors as aforesaid,

but the charge or surcharge shall stand good, and remain part

of the annual assessment, unless it shall , upon hearing such appeal, appear to the commissioners then present, or the major

part of them, by examination of the appellant upon oath or

affirmation, or other lawful evidence to be produced by him or

her, that such person is over- rated in or by such affefsment or

surcharge, and unless the appellant shall produce before the said

commissioners a true, perfect, and complete lift, account, de-

claration, or return, as shall or may be required by the act

or acts before mentioned, and verify the same upon his or her

oath or affirmation; and such surveyor, inspector, and assessors ,

may then and there attend to give his or their reasons in support

of the said affefsment or surcharge, and may, if he or they think

proper, produce any lawful evidence in support of the fame,

and such surveyor, inspector, and assessor, shall have full power

and free liberty to be present during all the time ofhearing such

respective appeals, and of the said commissioners determining

the same: provided always, if it shall appear upon such appeal ,

from the inquiry made by the said commissioners, that the person so assessed or surcharged is or ought to be charged to any

amount

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 150. 955

amount beyond the amount contained in such affefsment or fur-

charge , it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to charge

such person to the matter or thing or amount of the fum omitted,

in like manner and at the like rate as they might have done if a

full, true, and perfect assessment had been made in the first in-

stance , or if such person had been surcharged to the full amount :

provided also, that no advocate, solicitor, attorney, or procu-

rator, or any person practising the law, shall be allowed to plead

before the said commissioners on such appeal, for the appellant

or officers, either vivâ voce or by writing..

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of such Notice to be

commissioners shall and is hereby required to give such collectors given ofdays

and surveyors as aforesaid, notice at what time or times within

of appeal.

the periods herein limited, and at what place or places the appeals of any person or persons, who shall think themselves ag-

grieved as aforesaid, are appointed to be heard and determined ;

and every such collector is also hereby required, within ten days

after such notice from the clerk to the said commissioners, to cause

notification thereof to be given to the assessors or assessors of every

parish within the thire, stewartry, city, or borough, of the time

and place so appointed by such commissioners for hearing and

determining appeals as aforesaid, that all persons who shall think

themselves aggrieved as aforesaid may apply to such assessorss,

and from them acquaint themselves when and where to make

their appeal to the said commissioners .

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such appeals as shall Appeals to be

be made to such commissioners, and of which notice thall have heard at li-

been given to the assessors, surveyor, or inspector as aforesaid, mitedperiods.

between the first day of September and the first day of October ,

yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said commissioners

upon such days as shall be by them appointed for the hearing of

✔such appeals, between the twentieth day of October and the

twentieth day of November following, and that all such other

appeals as shall be made to the said commissioners, and of which

like notice shall have been given between the first day of March

and the first day of April following, shall be heard and deter-

mined by such commissioners upon such other days as shall be

✓ appointed by them for the hearing thereof , between the twentieth

day of April and the tenth day of May following, yearly; and

no appeal shall be allowed, heard, or determined, which shall

not be made at the times and in manner before directed, except in such cafes as the said commissioners shall at the said

meeting specially adjourn to a day then to be named and appointed , of which adjournment the clerk to the said commif-

sioners shall give notice at the said meeting when the adjourn-

ment is made, or within three days subsequent thereto, to the

surveyor and collector of the district .

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such appeals once Appeals to

heard and determined by the said commissioners, or the major be final.

partof them present, on the day or days by them appointed for

hearing appeals, shall be final ; and neither the determination of the

956 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [ 1803 .

the commissioners, nor the assessment then and there made there-

upon, shall be altered on any pretence whatever at any subsequent meeting, or at any other time or place, except always in

such cases where the opinion of one of the lords of the court of

fession or of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland

shall have been obtained, according to the provisions of any act

or acts concerning the same, requiring alteration in such affeff-

ment.

In cafe com .

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

missioners

should not

at any time there shall not have been any meeting or meetings

meet at the

of the said commissioners, and a due execution of any of the

time preferi- powers hereby created, within or at the time or times, or ac-

bed, they may

cording to the manner or circumstances directed or prescribed

meet and

execute the

in and by this act, it shall be lawful for any of the persons ap-

powers of the

pointed commissioners, and they are hereby required, in all and

act at other

every the said shires, stewartries , cities , and boroughs respec-

times.

tively , wherein such default shall have happened, to meet and

execute the said powers at any other time or times, any thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and they are

hereby authorised and required forthwith , or as soon as may be

after the time or times at which such meetings should have been

held, and such powers should have been executed according to

the directions of this act, to meet and execute the same, or cause

the same to be executed, fo that all the duties by law payable on

affessment be duly and effectually charged , raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors ; and all

such meetings and acts of the said commissioners shall be deemed

and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and

purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect .

In default of

XXVIII . And be it further enacted, That if such commif-

affsessors being fioners shall neglect to appoint assessors as directed by this act,

appointed, or or in cafe the afssessors by them appointed shall neglect to bring

neglecting theirduty , in the certificates required by them, that then and in every such

thefurveyors case it shall be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors ap-

may charge , pointed as herein mentioned, first lodging a complaint thereof

the duties . before the sheriff or sheriff depute or substitute for the shire or

stewartry, or before the chief magistrate of the city or borough

where the default shall happen, to afsess and charge the respective

parishes wherein such default shall have happened, and to make

certificates in writing under their respective hands of the several

duties charged by this act, or by any other act or acts herein

mentioned, in like form and manner as assessors are required to

make their certificates of afsessment, and to return such certificates to the convener of such shire or stewartry for his allowance ;

and the same being allowed under his hand, shall be delivered

to the clerk of the commissioners, by whom the certificate (if

made by afsessors ) ought to have been allowed, who shall cause

a copy thereof to be delivered to the collectors appointed within

such respective shires, stewartries, cities, and boroughs respectively; and the collectors to whom the same shall be delivered

shall have the fame power to collect, receive, and recover the

said

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 150. 957

said duties, as such collectors would have had in cafe the said

assessments had been allowed by the said commissioners as aforesaid : provided , that every such collector as aforesaid shall leave

anote in writing to every person charged in such certificate of

the charge made upon him or her by the surveyor , in like man-

ner as is before directed in cases ofassessments made by afsessors .

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Penalty on

the sheriff or sheriff depute, or fubstitute, or chief magistrate assessorss

aforesaid, with whom such complaint shall be lodged as afore- against whom complaints

said, against any assessor or assessors for neglect as aforesaid, to shall be made.

proceed to hear and determine the fame, and to levy the penalty

hereby inflicted for any such neglect, in like manner and under

the like powers as are hereby given to commissioners, in all

which cases the penalty so levied shall be to the use of the

surveyor who shall have executed the duty of such assessors or

assessorss.

XXX. And be it further enacted , That in case any person or Duties unpaid

persons shall not pay the several fum or sums charged upon him, may be levied

her, or them, by any act or acts herein mentioned, according to by poinding.

the directions contained in such act or acts, or in this act, it

shall be lawful to and for any two of the commissioners aforesaid

for any shire, stewartry, city, or borough, or for the sheriffdepute

or substitute for such shire or stewartry, and the convener of

the county , and they are hereby required respectively (under the

penalty of ten pounds sterling), upon certificate made to them

or either of them by the collector or collectors that such duties

are resting and not duly paid , to issue and grant a warrant or

warrants under their hands for the said collectors recovering the

said duties, and the triple value thereof , in consequence of non-

payment , by poinding and distraining the goods and effects of

any person or persons mentioned in such certificate, and who

shall not have paid the fums thereby assessed upon him, her, or

them; which warrants shall be executed by the constables or

sheriff -officers of the county, and the goods and effects fo

poinded or distrained shall be valued and appraised by any two

persons to be appointed by the sheriff- officer or constable, which

two persons shall be obliged to value the fame under the penalty

of forty shillings sterling for each neglect or refusal, and which

valuation shall be madeupon the ground or at the house where

the same were poinded and distrained, and shall be fold and

disposed of at the value by the officer or constable who does

poind the fame, and the value to be applied in the first place to

the satisfaction and payment of the duties and triple values owing

bythe person whose goods are so poinded, and in the second

place to the payment for the trouble of the officer or constable

so poinding, at the rate of two shillings per pound of the duties

and treple values for which the goods shall be so poinded and

distrained, unless the owner from whom the fame were poinded

or distrained shall redeem the fame, by payment of the appraised

value, within the space of four days after the poinding and valuation, to the officer who poinded the same; and in case any fur-

plus

958 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [1803.

plus shall remain of the price or value after payment of the said

duties and triple values, and after payment ofwhat is allowed to

be retained by the officer or constable in manner herein di-

rected, such surplus shall be returned to the owner from whom

thegoods were poinded or distrained ; andin case no purchaser do

appear at the said sale, that the said goods and effects so poinded

and distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the hands of the

sheriff depute of the county, or his substitute ; and if notre-

deemed by the owner within the space of four days after the

consignment in the hands of the said theriff depute or substitute,

that the residue shall be rouped, fold and disposed of by order of

the sheriff , in such manner, and at such time and place, as he

shall appoint, he always being liable to the payment of the du-

ties and triple values to the said collector, and in payment to

the officer or constable who shall have poinded and distrained

the fame , for their trouble and expence as before stated, in cafe

the value of the goods so fold thall amount to the extent of the

said duty and triple values, and to the fees due to the officer or

constable, and shall be in the third place entitled to one shilling per pound of the value of the goods so disposed of , for

his own pains and trouble, after preference and allowance of

the said duties and triple values, and of what is appointed to be

paid to the officer or constable for their trouble ; and that there

likewise shall be allowed to the officer or constable so poinding

or distraining, the expence of preserving the said goods and

effects, and of maintaining the cattle, if there should happen to

be any among the goods and effects so poinded and distrained,

during the four days allowed to the owner to redeem them, and

also the expence of the sale ; and in like manner the expence

shall be allowed to the sheriff for preserving and maintaining

the goods or cattle poinded and distrained, during the four

days that the owner is allowed to redeem after consignment in

his hands, and also the expence of the sale ; and where no

goods or effects sufficient for payment of the said duties and

triple values can be found to be so poinded and distrained, and

the person liable shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in

every such cafe any one of the commissioners aforesaid, or the

sheriff depute or substitute, or convener of the county, shall be

and is hereby authorised and required, under his hand, to commit such person to the common gaol , there to be kept without

bail until payment shall be made.

XXXI. And whereas it may frequently happen, that persons

quitting their dwelling- houses or places of residence may remove to

otherparishes or places withoutfirst discharging or paying the duties

charged upon him, her, or them, whereby the said duties made payable

by this act will be lost, unless such person or personsso removing can ,

after such removal , be compelled to pay the same; be it further

Duties how enacted, That in every case of such removal to any place in

recoverable

Scotland, the surveyor or inspector, or collector acting by virtue

when the

of this act, of the shire, stewartry, city, or borough, where

occupiers remove from

such duties are charged upon and unpaid by the person or per-

fons

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 150. 959

fons removing as aforesaid, shall sign and cause to be tranf- one place to

mitted a certificate thereof to the surveyor or inspector, or col- another in

lector acting for the shire, stewartry, city, or borough, where

Scotland .

the person or persons making such default of payment shall

happen to reside ; and any surveyor, or inspector or collec-

tor to whom such certificate is delivered, shall, and he is hereby

empowered, by virtue of such certificate, to raise and levy the

said duties charged upon the party or parties removed as aforesaid , in such manner and by the like means and methods as any

of the like duties are directed to be levied or recovered by this

act , and cause the monies so raised and levied tobe paid to the

collector of the shire, stewartry, city, or borough, from whence

the said person or persons did remove, so as the fame may be

paid and applied according to the true intent and meaning of

this act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person In cafe per-

charged with the said duties in Scotland shall remove from fons liable on

thence into any other part of Great Britain, it shall be lawful payment of

duties re-

for the commissioners acting as aforesaid in the thire, stewartry, moving from

city, or borough, where such duties are charged and unpaid by Scotland to

the person removing as aforesaid, to sign and cause to be tranf- any part of

mitted , by the intervention of the commissioners for the affairs Great Britain , com-

oftaxes, such certificate as aforesaid, to the commissioners acting missioners in

in the execution of the land-tax in England , Wales, and Berwick- the district in

upon- Tweed, in the county, riding, city, borough, cinque port, England where they

or place , where the person making such default of payment shall remove

shall happen to reside; which commissioners of land-tax, or any to, to be em-

two or more of them, thall and they are hereby empowered, powered to

levy the

by their warrant under hand and seal, to raise and levy the said levy the

duties charged, or appearing by such certificate, and cause the duties.

monies so raised and levied to be paid to the receiver-general

for Scotland , in discharge of such assessment, of which intima-

✓tion shall be given by such receiver-general to the collector of

イ the shire, stewartry, city, or borough, in which such person was

so charged, and credit shall be given for the fame in the books

✓ of the said collector or collectors .

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no moveable No goods to

goods or effects whatever, belonging to any person or persons be taken off

thepremifes

at the time of any of the said duties affessed under the regula- by arrest-

tions of this act became in arrear, shall be liable to be taken by ment or

virtue of any arrestment, poinding, sequestration, or diligence poinding till

whatever, or by virtue of any assignation on any account or duties are

pretence whatever, unless the party at whose instance the said paid.

diligence shall be used, or to whom such assignation shall be

made, shall, before the sale or removal of such goods or effects ,

pay or cause to be paid to the collector or collectors of the said

duties so due, all arrears of the said duties which shall be due

at the time of arresting, poinding, or seising such goods or

effects , or which shall be payable for the year in which such

diligence shall be used , provided the duties shall not be claimed

for more than one year; and in cafe the said duties shall be claimed

960 Commissioners tobring

collectors to

anaccount.

Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [1803.

claimed for more than one year, then the party at whose in-

stance such diligence shall have been used, or to whom such

assignation shall have been made, paying the aforesaid collector

or collectors the aforesaid duties due for one whole year, may

proceed as he might have done if no duties had been so claimed ;

but in case of refusal to pay the said duties, the said collector or

collectors are hereby authorised and required to poind and dif-

train such goods and effects notwithstanding, and upon intima-

tion thereof to one or more of the said commissioners acting for

such shire, stewartry, city, or borough, or to the sheriff depute

or substitute or convener of the shire or stewarty, and obtaining

his or their warrant for that purpose, which he and they is and

are hereby empowered to grant, to proceed to the sale of such

goods or effects according to this act, in order to obtain payment of the whole of the said duties, together with the reasonable costs and charges attending such poinding, distress , and

sale ; and every such commissioner, sheriff depute or substitute,

and convener, and collector, so doing, shall be indemnified by

virtue of this act .

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at the end of

every year, or within one calendar month thereafter, or at such

other time as the convener of the county shall appoint, at the

instance of the surveyor, on his lodging with him a note of any

arrear resting or being unpaid of the duties assessed in any former

year, and in all cases where a meeting shall not be held for

the purpose, then at the first general meeting of the commif-

fioners to be held for the ensuing year, the commissioner appointed to put this act in execution within their respective shires,

stewartries, cities, or boroughs , shall and are hereby empowered

and required to call before them the collector or collectors appointed within each such shire, stewartry, city , or borough, and to

examine him or them upon oath or solemn affirmation, and af-

fure themselves of the sum or fums of money that shall have

been paid to such collector or collectors of the duties given to

them or any of them in charge, and to make such order therein

for the payment of the same to the receiver-general, on the

day or time appointed for receiving the same, as they shalljudge

necessary, and also to assure themselves of the sum or sums in

arrear, and the cause or causes thereof; and also upon such oath

or affirmation to examine the said collector or collectors touch-

ing the due payment of any sum paid to him or them in any

preceding year, and in every such case to make such order

therein as aforesaid; and the said commissioners are hereby empowered and required in every year to call before them the collector or collectors appointed in any former year for the shire,

stewartry, city, or borough, for which they act as commissioners ,

where any fum or sums, of the duties charged by virtue of any

act or acts for granting duties to be assessed under the regulations of this act, shall be in arrear or unpaid to the receiver-

general, and to examine the said collector or collectors on such

oath or affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the fum

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 150. 961

fum or fums of money paid to him or them, and of the sum

or fums in arrear, and also the fum or fums paid over to the

receiver-general, and of the fums remaining in the hands of

the said collector or collectors, and to make such order therein

as they shall judge necessary to prevent any failure in the payment of any part of the affefsment charged by virtue of any such

act or acts ; and so from time to time, as long as any of the

arrears of the said duties, or any of them charged as aforesaid,

shall be in arrear ; and the receiver-general, and the several

inspectors and surveyors shall, when required so to do, be assist-

ing to such commissioners in their inquiry in all matters relating

to their respective offices .

XXXV. And be it further enacted , That if any wilful de- Collectors

lay or failure shall happen in the payment of the duties to be maybe re-

moved for

assessed under the regulations of this act, through the default or wilful neglect.

neglect of any collector or collectors, it shall be lawful for such

commissioners to revoke the appointment of such collector or

collectors so in default or neglecting as aforesaid , and in manner

before directed to appoint a collector or collectors in his or

their stead, with full power to execute the office of collector, by

levying the duties then in arrear, or to become due for the re-

mainder of the year ; and it shall also be lawful for such commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary, to revoke

such last- mentioned appointment, and to appoint a collector or

collectors, in like manner from time to time, and as often as

any such collector or collectors shall be guilty of such default or

neglect, provided security be taken as in the case of an original

appointment ; and such collector or collectors so removed shall,

۱

on demand of such commissioners, deliver up to them, or in

their presence, to the collector or collectors newly appointed,

all such certificates of assessiments with which he or they weré

charged, and all accounts of receipts and vouchers of payment

as aforesaid, and also shall pay to the receiver-general all fums

then in his or their hands, at such time as such commissioners

shall appoint ; and if any person, after such removal from the

office of collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any matter or

thing required by this act, every such person shall forfeit and

pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be charged in any assessment

of such duties as aforesaid, for such shire, stewartry, city, or

borough, and recovered as such assessment may be recovered,

and shall also remain liable to such other forfeitures that may

be incurred, or diligence that may be used, by virtue of this act,

for detaining any monies of the said duties in his hands.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any collector, Penalty on

being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend such commissioners, collectors

or shall not answer all such lawful questions as shall be de- refusing to

account.

manded of him by such commissioners touching the execution

of his office of collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce

to them the certificates of assessments, accounts , or vouchers

of such receipts or payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the

orders of such commissioners to be made as directed, every such

VOL. XLIV. collector

3Q

962 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 150. [1803 .

collector shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling , to be

charged upon him in any assessment as aforesaid, and to be re-

covered as such assessinent may be recovered, over and above

anyforfeiturethat maybe incurred, ordiligence that maybe used, by

virtue of this act, for detaining monies of the said duties in his

hands contrary to this act.

Bonds tobe XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, in every case

putinfuit on where the collector or collectors appointed as aforesaid shall fail

failure of col- or neglect to pay over to the receiver-general at Edinburgh, or

lectors paying his deputy or deputies, any such sum or fums of money , within

over the sums

received. such number of days after the same shall have been received by

him or them as shall be specified in the bonds entered into bysuch

collector or collectors, the said bonds shall, upon a certificate by

the receiver-general, or his deputy or deputies, of the sums due

Por unaccounted for, be put in suit against such collector or collectors , and his or their surety or sureties, or any of them, for

the recovery of the fums so due by them, or any of them, and of

the penalty or penalties in the said bonds, over and above the

sums so due by such process for recovering payment of debts due

to his Majesty, as is conformable to the course and practice of

the court of exchequer in Scotland.

No allowance XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in settling the

for deficiency, accounts of the said collectors, no allowance shall be made for

unless proved deficiencies occasioned by bankruptcy, insolvency, or removal of

to the fatis- faction of the persons liable in payment of the said duties, unless it shall be

chequer . court of ex-

proved, to the satisfaction of the court of exchequer in Scotland ,

that the said collectors claiming the allowance have used their

utmost diligence to recover the said duties on or before the respective days appointed for making such payments, and that they

could not collect the fame by reason of such bankruptcy, insol-

vency, or removal : provided always, that upon such evidence

being produced, the court of exchequer shall be at liberty to order

credit to be given to the collector or collectors in his or their

accounts, for the sums of money due by any person on account

of the said duties, or any part thereof, which could not be reco-

vered by such collector or collectors for the causes aforesaid.

A schedule of XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every collector or

deficiencies to collectors who shall claim any deduction on account of any such

be returned

upon oath to

deficiency as aforesaid, by reason of their not having been able

the courtof

to recover payment thereof, before they shall obtain any order

exchequer.

from the said barons of exchequer for the receiver-general, his

deputy or deputies, giving credit to them for all or any of the

deficiencies claimed, shall have first lodged with the receiver-

general, his deputy or deputies, a list or schedule containing the

210

names, surnames, and places of abode, of every person for whose

deficiency he may claim to be allowed by the barons to have cre-

dit in his account, and the particular sum charged upon each

person named in the schedule, and shall have made oath, or, being

one of the people called quakers, shall have made and subscribed

a solemn affirmation before any one of the said barons, or the

theriff depute or substitute of the shire or stewartry of which he is

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 963

is collector, that the fum for which he so claims to have credit is

due and wholly unpaid, and that neither he nor any person for

him, to the best of his knowledge and belief , has received any

part thereof, and that such person became insolvent or bankrupt

before the day on which the duties became payable, and had not

goods and effects sufficient whereon to raise and levy such duties

within the thire, stewartry , city , or borough, for which such

collector shall have been appointed, before the day on which such

duties became payable, or that such person removed from such

shire, stewartry, city, or borough, before the day on which such

duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient goods

and effects whereon such duties could be raised and levied, and

that there was not nor are any goods or effects of any person or

persons liable to the payment of such duties in arrear, or any part

thereof, whereby the fame could or might be raised and levied,

which oath or affirmation shall be subscribed by the said collector,

and the list or schedule shall be returned by the receiver-general,

or his deputy or deputies, into the court of exchequer, in order

that every person in the schedule maybe charged by the ordi-

nary diligence of the said court of exchequer, used in like cases,

and recovered as far as possible, and paid to the receiver-general,

and by him to be paid into the receipt of exchequer at Westmin-

fter; and if any such collector shall neglect or refuse to make

such return, he shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds

sterling ; and the sums in such assessment remaining unpaid, for

which the said collector or collectors shall not have had allowance

as aforesaid, shall be re-afssessed on the shire, stewartry, city,

or borough, according to the directions of any act or acts before

mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the event of the death Commission-

of any collector, it shall be lawful for the heirs, executors, ad- ers, in settling

ministrators, or representatives of such collector to fettle the the accounts

of deceased

accounts of such deceased collector before the barons of the said collectors , to

court of exchequer; and if , in settling the said accounts, such have suchde-

heirs, executors, administrators, or representatives, shall claim ductions as

deduction for the duties of any person or persons, or part thereof , the court of exchequer

by reason of the deceased collector , or any after collectors employed small think

by them, not having been able to recover payment of the said proper.

duties or part thereof from any person or persons, on account of

their bankruptcy, or insolvency, or other causes, they shall only

be allowed such deductions as the court of exchequer, upon

hearing the facts and evidence produced, shall think reasonable,

having in view the principles and rules herein prescribed with

regard to deductions claimed by collectors in settling their accounts, as far as that can be done in justice in fettling the accounts of a deceased collector.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the respective commis- Duplicates of

fioners aforesaid shall cause two duplicates of every afsessment to afsessments to

be made out

be made out on parchment by their clerk, within one month at within a li-

the farthest after the tenth day of April after making the said mited time.

affessment, yearly , and one of them to be delivered to the

3 Q2 receiver-

964 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [1803.

receiver-general, and the other of them transmitted into the

office of king's remembrancer in the exchequer in Scotland , for

which duplicate the proper officer shall give acquittances gratis,

so as they may be duly charged to answer their respective collec-

tions and receipts ; and every such duplicate shall contain the

name and furnames of the several assessors and collectors for every

shire, stewartry, city, or borough, and for every parish within the

same; and if any clerk to such commissioners shall neglect or re-

fuse to make out and deliver such duplicates as aforesaid, within

the time and in manner hereinbefore directed, or hall make any

false entry, or omit any fum or sums in such duplicates, every

such clerk shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds

sterling, and on conviction thereof shall be discharged from his

said office .

Duties tobe

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all monies of the du-

paid to re-

ties herein mentioned, to be assessed under the regulations of this

reiver-gene- act, shall, at such times as shall be appointed for the payment

thereof , be paid by the particular collectors who shall collect the

fame, unto the receiver-general, now or for the time being appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the high-

treasurer for the time being, or the commissioners of the treasury

for the time being, or any three or more of them, to receive the

fame, or unto the deputy or deputies of such receiver- general, to

be appointed under his hand and seal, and whom he is hereby

authorised to appoint, and for whom he shall be answerable,

whereof notice shall be given by the receiver- general unto the

commissioners , within their respective shires or stewartries,

within twenty days after the first meeting, yearly, and so from

time to time, within twenty days after the death or removal of

such deputy , whenever any such shall happen; and the said

receiver- general, his deputy or deputies, shall give receipts gratis

to the said collectors for all monies by them received in pursuance

of such act or acts ; and the receipt of the receiver-general, his

deputy or deputies, or any of them, shall be a sufficient discharge

unto every such collector.

Penalty on

collectors

gathering the

duties bya

false rate.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no collector or

collectors of any of the duties herein mentioned shall collect or

receive the same by any rate or book other than such rate and

book as shall be signed and allowed as aforesaid ; and that in case

any such collector or collectors shall collect or receive the same

by any other rate or book, or shall receive such duties from any

person or persons not charged therewith, or shall collect or re-

ceive from any person or persons more money than is actually

charged in such rate or book, and not pay the whole money by

him collected, or fraudulently alter any such rate or book, after

the fame hath been signed and allowed as aforesaid, every such

collector or collectors shall for every such offence forfeit the sum

of one hundred pounds.

Collectors

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any collector or

failing to make collectors, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fail or neglect to pay

over

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 965

over the several duties collected by him or them to the receiver- payment of

general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or deputies, within the time duties, to be

suedbypro-

specified in the bond of caution entered into by the said collector cess before

as aforesaid, then and in such case the said receiver-general, and the court of

his deputy or deputies, may present the said bond, or an extract exchequer.

thereof , to one or more of the barons of the court of exchequer

in Scotland, with a petition, stating the sum due and not accounted for by such collector or collectors , and praying for a

horning or other competent and legal process of court upon such

bond, and making oath that the sum stated in the petition is due

and not accounted for; and the baron or barons to whom such

1

petition shall be presented may thereupon order a horning or

other competent and legal process of court to issue, and which

process of court may be proceeded in by arrestment, poinding,

denunciation, caption, imprisonment , or otherwise, for recovering

1

fromfuchcollector or collectors, and his or their surety or fure-

ties, the sums due by them, and for the penalty in such bond,

1

over and above the sums so due as aforesaid, on the receiver-general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the sums

due and unaccounted for, shall be at liberty to proceed to the

recovering the payment thereof , and the penalty in the bond, by

any process for recovering payment of debts due to his Majesty,

according to the course of exchequer in Scotland .

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall Vacancy of

happen to be a vacancy in the said office of collector, by or on filled up by

collector tobe

account of the death of any of the collectors for the shires, stew- the barons of

artries, cities , or boroughs aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful exchequer.

for the said barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, or any

two or more of them, upon the application of the receiver-general or his deputy, or the comptroller of taxes in Scotland, or

either of them, to nominate and appoint a person or persons to

officiate as collector or collectors as aforesaid, within such shire,

stewartry , city, or borough, during the vacancy occasioned as

aforesaid ; and the person or persons so to be appointed by the

3

said barons shall have full power and authority to raise, collect,

and pay over the several duties granted by this act , or any other

act or acts before mentioned , in the same manner as the said

deceased collector would have had by virtue thereof .

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the receiver- general, Receiver-

hisdeputy or deputies, shall, within the respective terms ap- general to pay

the monies re-

pointed for payment of the fame, remit and pay the monies ceived by him

received by him or them, on account of the said duties, into the into the ex-

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, excepting such chequer.

sum as shall be judged necessary by the barons of the court of

☑ exchequer in Scotland , and as the lords-commissioners of the

☑treasury, or the lord high-treasurer for the time being, shall

allow to be retained by such receiver-general for answering

demands for the publick service; and the said receiver-general,

or his deputy or deputies, shall and they are hereby required and

directed to lodge in the King's remembrancer's office, in the

court ofexchequer in Scotland , for the information of the barons there ,CI

10

966 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [1803 .

there, as soon after remitting the money to be paid into the re-

ceipt of exchequer within the time before mentioned as conveniently can be done, an account or statement, attested on oath,

of the money by him or them received, remitted, or retained for

the publick service, as it stood upon the last day of the forty days

within which the said receiver-general, his deputy or deputies,

are hereby directed to remit the money to be paid into the

receipt of exchequer at Westminster aforesaid ; and the said re-

ceiver-general, his deputy or deputies, shall and they are hereby

required to answer all questions that may be put by the barons,

or any one of them, concerning the particulars of the said account .

Receiver-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, after the said re-

general to

remit mo-

ceiver-general , his deputy or deputies, shall have remitted to the

ney to the exchequer ,

receipt of exchequer at Westminster, the monies received by him

within the respective times before limited, he, or his deputy or

whenever

deputies, thall continue to remit and pay into the receipt of ex-

the fame shall amount

chequer the monies they may receive afterwards, whenever the

to a certain

same shall amount to the fum of five thousand pounds, over and

fum.

above the fum the said receiver- general shall be allowed to retain,

to answer demands for the publick service as before provided,

and shall continue to do so until all duties assessed for the year,

except as aforesaid, are received and paid into the receipt of ex-

chequer.

Receiver-

general to

make up

statement

ofbalances

when required .

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-

general, his deputy or deputies, when required by the said barons

of exchequer, shall, for their information, prepare and lodge in

the King's remembrancer's office in Scotland , an account or

statement of the monies received on account of the said duties ,

since the last account or accounts thereof were fettled and passed ,

shewing the balances due by the different shires, stewartries, ci-

ties, or boroughs, at the time when the account or statement is

made up ; and he and they is and are hereby required also to an-

fwer any of the questions put by any of the barons for explaining

the said accounts, and to execute such directions as they may

receive from the barons for reducing the values which may appear to be due by the different shires, stewartries, cities, or bo-

Notice to

roughs. XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the receiver-ge-

be given to commission-

neral , his deputy or deputies, shall die or be removed, notice

ers of the

thereof shall be given by the comptroller of taxes in Scotland, to

death or

two or moreof the commissioners acting in each shire, stewartry,

removal of

receivers-

city, or borough, before the time appointed for the next half-

general.

yearly payment of any of the duties herein mentioned, and fo

from time to time, upon the death or removal of such receiver-

general , his deputy or deputies .

Constables

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all consta-

to be aiding bles, and other his Majesty's officers , shall and are hereby required

in the exe-

cution of

and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the exe-

the act .

cution of this act, and of every act or acts before mentioned,

and to obey and execute such precepts and warrants as shall be

20 to

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 967

to them directed in that behalf by the respective commissioners

hereby appointed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on

shall, at any time hereafter, wilfully obstruct any commissioner persons ob-

or commissioners, assessor or assessors, collector or collectors, structing offi-

surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, in the due execu-

cers .

tion of his or their said office or offices, duty or duties respectively, such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit

the fum of fifty pounds sterling .

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said surveyors and Officers to

inspectors, and all other officers and persons who shall be em- obey instruc-

tions

ployed in the execution of this act, or any act act or acts granting lords of the

duties to be assessed under the regulations of this act, shall ob- treasury.

serve and follow such orders, instructions, and directions, as they

shall from time to time receive from the said commissioners of

the treasury, or any three or more of them now or for the time

being, or the high-treasurer for the time being.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pe- Application

cuniary penalties or forfeitures imposed by this act, or any act or and recovery

acts for granting duties to be assessed under the regulations of this ofpenalties.

act, except where other directions are or shall be given, may, if

fued for in the space of twelve calendar months from the time of

such penalties being incurred, in manner herein next mentioned,

be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety

thereof, with full costs offuit, to the person or persons who shall

inform or fue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and such

penalties may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer in

Scotland , by any action competent in that court ; but nevertheless

it shall be lawful for his Majesty's advocate for Scotland, in cafe

it shall appear to his satisfaction that any penalty or forfeiture

was incurred without intention of fraud, to stay all further proceedings in such actions, with respect as well to the share of such

penalty orforfeiture claimed by such informer or informers, as

to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Penalties to

such penalty or forfeiture , except as otherwise directed, shall be be recovered

recoverable in the name of his Majesty's advocate for Scotland , in the name

of the lord-

on the part of his Majesty , by information or any action com- advocate, &c.

petent in the said court of exchequer ; and in default of prosecution within the time before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture

shall be afterwards recoverable in any other manner ; in all

which last-mentioned cafes, except as aforesaid, the whole of

such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs

and fuccessors ; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares

of penalties and forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be paid into the hands

of the receiver-general or his deputy, to the use of his Majesty ;

and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalty

or forfeiture shall be recovered for the use of his Majesty, his

heirs and successors, it shall be lawful for the barons of the said

court of exchequer to cause such reward as they hall think fit,

not

970 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [1803. -

commissioners , or their respective clerks for the time being , or

such other person as the said commissioners, or any two or more

of them for the time being, shall from time to time, at their meet-

ings, order, direct, or appoint.

Penalty on

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person

personsnot deliveringup

or persons whatever, now or at any time hereafter, having in his

books and

or their custody, keeping, or possession, any such books or papers

papers to the commission ers.

aforesaid, relating to the said several duties in this act mentioned ,

shall, within the space of one calendar month next after notice

in writing, signed by the comptroller or surveyor-general of

taxes in Scotland , or one of them (a true copy thereof being

given or left at the usual place of abode of such person or persons) , deliver and give up all such books and papers unto such

person or persons as the comptroller or surveyor-general, or one

of them, shall by such notice order and appoint, whose receipt of

the same shall be a good and sufficient discharge to such person or

persons so delivering such books and papers ; and if any such

person or persons now or at any time hereafter, having in his or

their custody, keeping, or possession, any such books or papers,

shall refuse or neglect to deliver the fame within the time limited

by such notice and demand made, he or they shall for every such

offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and all such books

or papers shall be delivered by the person or persons so appointed ,

to such of the commissioners for executing this act as the said

comptroller or surveyor-general, or any one of them, shall think

proper, for the effectual and speedy execution of the powers by

Limitation of

this act granted.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be

actions, &c .

brought against any person or persons for any thing done in pur-

fuance of this act, such action or suit shall be brought in the

court of exchequer in Scotland , and not elsewhere, and shall be

commenced within six months next after the fact committed,

and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county, stewartry,

city, or place , where the cause of complaint did arise, and not

elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in every such action or

suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special

matter in evidence; and if the defendant or defendants shall be

assoilzied in any such action or suit , or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs

shall discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defen-

dant or defendants shall have appeared, or ifjudgement shall be

given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defen-

dants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the

fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover costs by

the laws of Scotland.

Act maybe

altered in

thisfeffion .

LX. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the

provisions thereof , may be altered , varied, or repealed, by any

act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament.

SCHEDULE

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 151. SCHEDULE (A. )

The Form of the OATH required to be taken by COMMIS-

SIONERS, before they act in the Execution of this Act.

A. B. do swear that I will faithfully, impartially, and honest-

Bearing the best of all alle de bonest-

the several powers and authorities reposed in me as a commissioner,

by an act, passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act [here insert the title of this act],

or by any other act or acts granting to his Majesty any duties to

be affessed under the regulations of the said act, and that I will

judge and determine upon all appeals, and all other matters and

things which shall be brought before me as a commissioner under

the said acts, or any of them, without favour or affection .

So help me GOD.'

971

SCHEDULE (B.)

The Form of the OATH or AFFIRMATION required to

be taken by ASSESSORS, before they act in the execution of

this act.

IA. B. do swear, [ or , affirm, as the cafe may require] That I

will diligently execute the office of an assessors, to which I I am

appointed by authority of an act, passed in the forty-third year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act [here insert the

title of this act]; and that in the assessment which I am required to

make by any other act or acts, granting to his Majesty any duties

to be affessed under the regulations of the said act, I will act

faithfully and honestly, and without favour or affection , accord-

ing to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.'

CAP. CLI.

An act for preventing andfettling disputes which may arise between

masters and weavers engaged in the cotton manufacture in Scotland , and persons employed bysuch weavers and persons engaged in

ornamenting cotton goods by the needle. -[ August 11 , 1803. ]

HEREAS it is defirable that a proper mode should be de-

Wiedwhich maytentara

cheap andfum-

mary mode should be adoptedforfettling all disputes which may arise

between masters and weavers in the cotton manufacture in that part

of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland,

or between such weavers and persons employed by them, or between

masters and persons engaged in ornamenting cotton goods by the needle :

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

968 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. [ 1803 .

not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture so reco-

vered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in reco-

vering the fame, to be paid thereout , to or amongst any person

or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informer

or informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so reco-

vered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

standing.

For reco-

LV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That all such

very ofpe-

nalties not

pecuniary penalties, not exceeding twenty pounds, imposed by

exceeding 201 .

this act, or any act or acts for granting duties to be assessed under

the regulations of this act, except where other directions are

given respecting the same as aforesaid, may be recoverable before

the commissioners for executing this act, or the sheriff depute, or

substitute, or any two or more of them, in the shire, stewartry,

city, or borough, where the offence shall be committed ; and such

commissioners , and others before mentioned, shall take cogni-

zance of such offence upon information or complaint in writing

made to them, and upon a summons to the party accused to appear before them at such time and place as they shall fix, or with-

out such summons, in case the party or parties shall have been

surcharged before the said commissioners, and shall have appeal-

ed against the same, and hall appear upon such appeal before the

said commissioners ; and such commissioners and others before

mentioned, before whom the complaint shall be lodged, shall ex-

amine into the matter of fact, and proceed to hear and determine

the same in a summary way ; and on proof made thereof , either

byvoluntary confession of the party accused, or by oath or solemn

affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or other-

wise as the cafe may require, make or decree an adjudication for

the penalty, or for such part thereof , to which part thereof the

said commissioners, sheriff depute, or substitute, shall think pro-

per to mitigate the fame, not being in any cafe less than one

moiety of such penalties, and to afsess the same upon the party,

and charge the same in the assessment to which the penalty ad-

judged shall particularly relate, and in addition to the duty, in

cafe the party shall be charged therewith ; and which penalties so

adjudged shall be levied in like manner as the said duties may be

levied in manner before directed ; and the informer or informers

shall in such cases be entitled to receive from the receiver-general

one moiety of the amount of such penalties in shares, where two

or more of them are concerned, as the said barons thall on the

report of the commissioners for executing this act certify they

are respectively entitled unto ; and the said decree and adjudica-

tion of the commissioners, sheriff depute, or substitute, shall be

final and conclusive to all intents and purposes, without power

of appealing from the same ; and the said decree shall not be fub-

ject to reduction, nor removeable by advocation, suspension, or

any process whatever, in any court of law or equity, or be fub-

ject to revision or appeal, except in such cases where a surcharge

shall be made, and a case shall be demanded and stated for the

opinion of one of the lords of the court of session, or of one of the

100 barons

1

3

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 150. 969

barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, conformably to the

directions contained in any act or acts granting the duties to

which such surcharge shall relate .

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Punishing

or persons who shall wilfully give false evidence, or make any persons guilty

false oath or affirmation or affidavit , before the commissioners ofperjury.

for executing this, or others by this act empowered to administer

the same, or any of them, touching any matter or thing within

the intent and meaning of this act, or any act or acts for grant-

ing duties to be assessed under the regulations of this act, shall be

prosecuted for the fame ; and such person or persons being convicted thereof , shall be subject and liable to the same punishment

and disqualifications as persons are subject and liable to for wil-

ful andcorrupt perjury.

LVII. And whereas many difficulties and inconveniences have

arisen to the commissioners for the time being, acting in the execution

of the several acts relating to the duties herein mentioned, to be levied

by them as aforesaid , and many like difficulties may arise to the commissioners for the time being acting in the execution of his act, or the

other act or actsfor granting duties to be affefsfed under the regulations

of his act, in levying the duties by the said acts made payable upon the

death or removal oval of their respective clerks, into whose custody the dupli-

cates of thefeveral books of afssessment, minute-books, and other books

and papers relating to the business of the said several duties in their

respective jurisdictions, have been delivered , such clerksso removed, or

the executors or administrators, or legal representative of such clerk fo

dying , frequently refusing to deliver over such duplicates, books, and

papers to the said commissioners for the time being , or to their order or

appointment, under a pretence that the said commissioners have no pro-

pertyinthe fame, andare without remedyfor the recovery thereof ; be it Books and

therefore enacted, That all and every the duplicates of the several papers to be

booksofassessments whichhave been or shall be made and delivered the property

of the com-

bythe respective assessors of the said several duties , to the commif- missioners, in

fioners inany shire, stewartry, city , or borough, or to their respec- succession .

tive clerks for the time being, and which are or shall be in the cuf-

tody , keeping, or poffession of such clerks respectively, and all

minute-books, and other books and papers relating to the said

several duties, in the custody, keeping, or possession of any such

clerk or clerks who hath or have been or shall be removed from

such office or offices, in the custody, keeping, or possession of the

executors, administrators, or other legal representatives of any

person or persons who hath or have died, or shall die during his

or their holding such office or offices, or after his or their removal

from the fame, or in the custody, keeping, cr possession of his or

their agent or attorney, or of any other person or persons, hall be

deemed and are hereby declared to be the property of the commissioners of the said several duties, acting in the respective shires,

stewartries, cities, or boroughs for the time being, and in fuccef-

sion, as records belonging to them the said commissioners for their

use and inspection, and shall be placed and deposited with and

remain in the custody, keeping, and possession of them the said commif-

972 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. [1803.

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

Disputes be- authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this

tweenmaf-

act, in all cases relative to the weaving of the said manufacture

ters and

weavers to

that shall and may arise within that part of Great Britain called

befettledby Scotland , where the masters and weavers, or the weavers and

referees,

those employed by them cannot agree respecting the price or

prices to be paid for work done or in the course of being done

in the said manufacture, whether such dispute shall happen or

arise between them respecting the reduction of advance of wages,

on any injury or damage done or alleged to have been done to

the work, or respecting any delay or supposed delay in finishing

the work, or the not finishing such work in a good and work-

manlike manner ; and also in all cases where the weavers are to

be employed to work any new pattern which shall require them

to purchase any new implements of manufacture, or to make

any alteration upon the old implements for the working thereof ,

and the masters and weavers cannot agree upon the compen-

sation to be made to such weavers for or in respect thereof; and

also respecting the length, breadth, or quality of all pieces of

cotton goods, whether mixed or unmixed with other materials

or the yarn thereof, or the quantity and quality of the woof

thereof , and in all cases of dispute or difference whatsoever,

arising or happening by and between the masters and weavers

or persons employed in such branch of the said manufacture out

of , for, or touching such trade or manufacture, so far as such dif-

putes relate to such branch of the same which cannot be otherwise

mutually adjusted and settled by and between them, it shall and

may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, stewartry, city, burgh, or place in which the dispute shall arise, and

he is hereby required, on complaint made before him, and proof

by the examination of the party making such complaint, that

application has been made to the person or persons against

whom such cause of complaint has arisen, or his, her , or their

agent or agents, if such dispute has arisen with such agent or

agents, to settle such dispute, and that the same has not been

fettled upon such complaint being made ; or where the dispute

relates to a bad warp, that such cause of complaint has not been

done away within forty- eight hours after such application, to

summon before him such person or persons, or agent or agents,

on some day not exceeding two days, exclusive of Sunday, from

the making such complaint, giving notice to the person making

such complaint of the time and place appointed in such fum-

mons for the attendance of such person or persons , agent or

agents as aforesaid ; and if at such time and place the person or

persons so summoned shall not appear by himself , or fend some

person on his, her, or their behalf , to settle such dispute, or, appearing, shall not do away such cause of complaint, then and in

such case it shall be lawful for suchjustice, and he is hereby required

at the request ofeither of the said parties, to nominate referees for

the fettling the matters in dispute, and such justice shall then and

there

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 151. there at such meeting propose one referee on the part and be-

halfof the master or agent aforesaid, who shall be a master ma.

nufacturer, or agent or foreman of some master manufacturer ;

and where such master manufacturer, agent or foreman, cannot

be found, it shall be lawful for such justice to propose some

workman having a competent knowledge of the manufacture on

the part of the said master or agent ; and the saidjustice shall

then and there propose another referee on the part and behalf of

the workman, who shall be some workman having a competent

knowledgeof that branch of the manufacture with regard to which

such dispute shall have arisen (such respective referees residing in

or near to the place where the meeting for such reference shall

be to be held), and it shall be lawful for any such manufacturer,

agent, or foreman, or such workman, or any person attending

for them respectively, peremptorily, and without assigning any

reason, to challenge any referee so proposed ; and the justice

shall in such case immediately propose another person of the

like description as aforesaid, who may also be peremptorily

challenged; and if so challenged, the justice shall in such cafe

propose another such person of the like description as aforesaid,

who may also be peremptorily challenged, so as that each party

may have two peremptory challenges without assigning any

cause ; but ifthe persons so proposed as referees shall not be fo

challenged, or if either of such parties shall not attend at

any such meeting to make any such challenge, the persons so

proposed, or , in the event of all the challenges hereby allowed

being made , the persons thereupon proposed by the said justice

shall be nominated referees to settle such dispute; and the said

justice shall thereupon appoint a place of meeting according to

the directions of this act, and also a day for the meeting ;

notice of which nomination, and of the time of meeting shall

thereupon be given to the persons so nominated referees, and

to any party to any such dispute who may not have attended

the meeting before such justice as aforesaid ; which appointment

shall be by such justice certified in the form following ; that is

to say ,

ἹA. B. one of the justices of peace acting for

dohereby certify, that C. D. and E. F. are by me duly nomi-

nated referees to fettle the matters in difference between G. H.

of master manufacturer, or agent or foreman of (as

な

the cafe may be), and I. K. of , weaver, pursuant

to an act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty ; and that the said referees are hereby directed to

meet at

on

the

day of

at

of the clock.

Α. Β. '

973

H. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all complaints by Periods with-

anyweaver as to bad materials shall be made within four weeks in which com-

of his receiving the fame; and all complaints arising from made.

plaint shall beany

974 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 151. [ 1803 .

any other cause shall be made within three days after such cause

of complaint shall arise ; and that it shall not be allowable to

any manufacturer who shall have received into his possession any

cotton cloth , without objection made by himself or his clerk or

foreman, afterwards to make any complaint on account of work

so received .

Places of

meeting of

referees .

III . Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases

where complaints are made respecting bad warps or utensils by

workmen, the place of meeting of the referees shall be at, or

as near as may be to, the place where the work shall be car-

rying on, and in all other cases at, or as near as may be to, the

place or places where the work has been given out.

Party complaining not attending to

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person

so complaining as aforesaid shall not attend or send some person

lose the be-

on his or her behalf at the time and place appointed by such

nefit of his

justice of the peace for the purpose of naming referees as afore-

act, and party complained of

said, such person shall not , in such cafe, be entitled to the bene-

- not attending

fit of this act ; and if any person against whom any such com-

tolose his

plaint shall have been made as aforesaid shall not attend, or

right of challenge.

send some person on his or her behalf , the justice of the peace

shall nevertheless proceed to nominate referees, and the person

making such default shall in that case be deprived of all right of

challenge under this act.

Referees to

determine.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said referees shall

meet at the time and place fixed by the justice of the peace by

whom such referees were appointed, and shall, by inspection of

the work in regard to which the dispute may have arisen , by

hearing and examining the parties, or any other persons on

their behalf, or that attend to give evidence respecting the mat-

ters in dispute, or by otherwise ascertaining the true state of

the cafe, in such manner as to such referees shall appear ne-

cessary, proceed to determine the matter or matters in dispute

referred to them, and the award to be made by such referees

shall be final and conclusive between the parties, without being

subject to review or challenge by any court whatsoever ; but in

case such referees, so appointed, cannot agree upon and decide

such matter or matters in dispute so referred as aforesaid, or

shall not make and sign their award within three days after the

date of the order of such justice, certifying their appointment,

and then the said referees shall without delay go before the

justice by whom they were appointed, and, in case of his absence or indisposition, before any other of his Majesty's justices of

the peace acting in and for the county, stewartry, city, burgh, or

place, and residing nearest to the place where the meeting to

settle such dispute shall have taken place, and shall state to such

justice or justices who may be present, the points in difference

between them the said referees, which points in difference the

said justice or justices shall and is and are hereby authorised and

required to hear and determine upon the statement of the

referees, and the said justice or justices is and are hereby di-

rected and required to settle and determine the matter in dif-

pute ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. 975

pute, with all possible dispatch, and in all cafes, within the

space of two days after the expiration of the time hereby allowed to the referees to make and sign their award ; and the

determination of such justice or justices shall be final and con-

clusive between the parties so differing as aforesaid, without be-

ing subject to review by any court whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, that if either of the Justices to

said referees shall refuse or delay to go before the said justice ordetermine

upon state-

justices, suchjustice or justices are hereby empowered and re - ment of one

quired to determine the matter in dispute upon the statement referee.

and representation of the referee who shall come before him

or them.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case Empowering

either or both of the said referees so appointed shall refuse or the justices,

delay to accept such reference, or, accepting, shall not act there- referees to

on refusal of

in, the justice shall proceed to name another person or act, to name

other persons of the descriptions aforesaid, to be referee or others .

referees in the place of such referee or referees so refusing

or delaying to accept, or who shall not act ; and the party or

parties shall have the fame power of challenge in the case of

a second nomination, as is given by this act in case of a first

nomination : provided always, that such party has not already

exercised the fame, and in every case of a second nomination,

the referees shall meet within twenty-four hours after the application for the fame, and at the same place at which the

meeting of the referees first named was appointed; and the expence of every such application for the appointment of a second

referee shall be borne and defrayed by the party through whose

default or the default of whose referee such application is ren-

derednecessary.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where a Where a fe-

second referee shall be appointed as aforesaid, and such second cond referee

referee shall not attend at the time and place appointed for fet- appointed,

andhedoes

tling the matters in dispute, it shall be lawful for the other not attend ,

referee , at such time and place, to proceed by himself to the the other re-

hearing and determining of the said matters in dispute; and in fereemay

such cafe the award of such sole referee shall be final and con- determine.

clusive as to all matters in dispute submitted to such referees,

without being subject to review, appeal, or suspension.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all persons summoned Punishing

as witnesses on any question under this act, by any justice or witnesses not

justices of the peace , shall be liable and subject to such punish. attending.

ment or penalties for any neglect, default, or refusal to attend,

as may be inflicted or levied by any law in force in Scotland for

such offence, neglect, or default.

X. And be it further enacted, That if either of the said par- Arbitration

ties shall neglect or refuse to attend, the said referees or referee, to proceed

they or he may, notwithstanding, proceed to make their or his though par-

award in the same manner as if such party had attended.

not

attend.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the parties by Parties may

and between whom the said reference shall take place as

afore- extend the

said period limited

for award.

976 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. [ 1803.

said shall think it expedient or be desirous to extend the time

hereby limited for the making of the award or umpirage , it

shall and may be lawful for them to extend the fame accord-

ingly by indorsement (according to the form in the schedule

hereunto annexed,) on the back of the order of the justice of

peace, certifying the appointment of the referees, to be signed

by both of them in the presence of one or more credible witness

or witnesses, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

How award

shall be

written.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the award or

umpirage to be made upon any reference demanded under this

act, shall and may be drawn up and written at the foot or upon

the back of the said order, certifying the appointment of the re-

ferees, according to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed,

any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding .

Penalty on

persons re-

fusing to fulfil

an award.

ad

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon fulfilment of the

award or umpirage the same shall be acknowledged by the party

in whose behalf the fame was made, by an acknowledgment at

the foot of the said award in the form of the schedule hereunto

annexed, which with the award shall thereupon be delivered to

the party fulfilling the fame; and if either party shall refuse or de-

lay to fulfil the said award or umpirage, for the space or term of

two days after the same shall have been reduced into writing, the

party so refusing or delaying shall forfeit and pay to the party

in whose favour the said award or umpirage shall be made, the

fum of ten pounds, to be recovered in a summary way before

one or morejustice orjustices of the peace, for the county,

stewartry, city, burgh, or place, where such offence shall be committed; and the conviction for the fame, according to the form of

the schedule hereunto annexed, may be had and made upon the

production of the award or umpirage undischarged ; and in case

any such forfeiture or penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursu-

ant to such conviction, such justice or justices shall, by warrant

under his or their hand or hands, cause the same to be levied by

distress and sale of the offender's goods and effects , together with

all costs and charges attending such distress or sale ; and in case no

sufficient distress can behad, such justice or justices shall, by war-

rant under his or their hand or hands, commit the offender to the

common gaol or some house of correction, within his or their

jurisdiction, there to remain without bail for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than two calendar

months.

Like proceed- XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

ings against

agents,

any work shall have been delivered to any workmanby the agent

servants, and or servant of any master or masters, to be, when finished, delivered

partner. to such agent or servant, and also where two or more persons

shall carry on the business of such manufacture as partners, in

every such case respectively the like proceedings directed by this

act shall and may be had against such agent, servant, or any

partner, and shall be as effectual as if the same had been had

and made against the principal or against all the partners ; and

all

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. 977

all the said persons respectively shall obey the award made there-

upon, and all such order or orders as shall be made by the said

justice or justices in or respecting the matters in dispute, and shall

be subject to the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures for refusing

or delaying to abide by or perform the said order, as ifthe proceedings had been had against the principal or all the partners .

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cafes Proceedings

in cafes of

where any proceeding may be had against any master or masters bankruptcy

under this act, or where such proceedings shall have been com- ofmaster.

menced, and the master or masters shall become or be bankrupt,

or any assignment of his or their estate or effects shall have been

made under the said bankruptcy, or otherwise by deed or in law,

the factor or trustee upon or the assignee or assignees of such estate

or effects shall be liable to the proceedings authorised by this act

against the master or masters as fully as the master or masters

was or were before the bankruptcy or assignment; and such

proceedings may be commenced or carried on against such factor

or trustee, or assignee or assignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the

awardmade thereupon, and all such order or orders as shall be

made by the said justice or justices in or respecting the matters in

dispute, and shall be subject to the fame pains, penalties, and for-

feitures for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the fame

as if the proceeding had been had against the master or masters

before his or their bankruptcy or the assignment of his or their

estate or effects : provided that all sums of money to be paid in

pursuance of such award or orders shall be recoverable only out of

the estate or effects of such master or masters, and not out of the

proper money of such factor or trustee or assignee or affig-

nees .

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any married For fettling

womanor infant under the age of twenty- one years thall have complaints

cause of complaint in any of the cases provided for by this act by married

women or

against any master or masters , his or their agent, or servant, or infants.

factor, or trustee, or assignee or assignees as aforesaid, such complaint may be lodged and all further proceedings thereupon had

by and in the name of the husband of such married woman, and

of the father, or, if dead, of the mother, or if on the death of

both parents, of any of the kindred of any such infant, and of the

surety or sureties in any indenture of apprenticeship of any such

infant being an apprentice; and such proceedings shall be as

effectual and as valid and binding as if such married woman was

sole , and such infants were of full age, and pursued by themselves

the remedies prescribed by this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted , That all costs, time, and Payment of

expences attending the applications to justices to be made under costs, &c.

this act, and of the reference pursuant thereon, shall be fettled by

the referees or referee by whom such dispute shall be fettled, and

where the same shall be determined by any justice or justices

of the peace upon the statement of the referees or referee in

manner herein directed, then the costs, time , and expences aforesaid shall be fettled by such justice or justices; and where the re-

VOL. XLIV. ferees

3R

978 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 151. [1803.

ferees appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the costs, time ,

and expences to be allowed, the same shall be settled by the

justice of the peace by whom the said referees or referee were or

was named, or in his absence by any other justice or justices of

the peace for the same county or stewartry.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the following and no

higher fees shall be allowed to be taken for any proceeding under

this act :

To the Clerk of the Justice or Justices,

For each summons, four-pence ;

For every oath or affirmation, four-pence ;

For drawing and entering the order, sixpence ;

For every warrant, sixpence ;

For every conviction, one shilling ;

To the Constable or other Peace- Officer ,

For service of summons or order, four- pence ;

For executing warrant ofdistress and sale of goods, one shil

ling and sixpence ;

For custody of goods distrained, per diem, four-pence ;

For every mile he shall travel, four-pence ;

and a table of fees, signed by the clerk to suchjustice or justices,

shall be hung up in every place where any general, quarter, or

other sessions of the peace shall be held.

Standard ell

to be the

rule.

Ticket to be,

given outwith

the work.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases the

length of the web , for which the workman is to be paid, shall be

ascertained by the standard ell of forty- five inches.

XX. And be it further enacted, That with every warp given

out by the manufacturer to a workman to be wove, there shall

be delivered a ticket, denoting the work to be done adapted to

each branch of the manufacture, stating the quantity and fineness

of the warp in plain warps, whether white or coloured, and in all

cases the quantity and denomination of the work to be performed,

and the rate and price to be paid for the same, according to the

standard ell, if done in a workmanlike manner, which ticket shall

be signed by the manufacturer or the person employed by him to

give out work ; and which ticket, in the event of disputes be-

tween the master and weaver, shall be evidence of all matters and

things mentioned therein , or respecting the fame.

Penalty in

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every master, foreman,

cafeticket

or agent refusing or neglecting to give a ticket in the manner

not given out hereby prescribed , shall forfeit and payany fum not exceeding ten

with work. thillings, nor less than five shillings for each failure or neglect to

any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered

and applied in the same manner as other penalties may be re-

covered and applied by this act : provided always, that no appeal

shall be competent against any conviction for any such penalty.

New patterns XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cafes

to be distin- guimed in the respecting mounting or getting up new patterns, the fum, if any ,

ticket. that

S

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. 979

that shall be agreed between the master and workman to be paid,

or the manner in which the workman is to be compensated for

mounting, shall be distinguished in every such ticket from the

price to be paid for working.

XXIII . Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases Settling dif-

ofdispute that may arise between weavers and persons employed putes respect-

by them or which may arise between masters and persons en - ing ornament-

cotton

gaged in ornamenting cotton goods with the needle, it shall and goodswith

may be lawful for any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the needle. A

acting in and for the county, stewartry, city, burgh, or place,

where such dispute shall happen, and he is hereby required, upon

complaint being made to him in the manner directed by this act,

to appoint two persons, being either manufacturers, or the fore-

men or agents of manufacturers, or other persons who have a

competent knowledge of that branch of the manufacture about

which such dispute may have arisen, which persons so appointed

shall examine into and inspect the work or materials in regard to

which such dispute shall have arisen, and shall otherwise proceed

to determine the said matter or matters in dispute, in the manner

directed by this act ; and all the proceedings, rules , directions ,

matters, and things shall take place, and be followed and ob-

served in and for the settlement of such disputes, as by this act

are provided in these cases ofdispute where referees are directed

to be appointed by this act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every award Award to be

or umpirage, ticket, matter, or thing under and by virtue of his on unstamped

act, shall and may be drawn up and written upon unstamped paper.

paper, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in any-

wise notwithstanding .

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Appeal to

for any person convicted before any one or more justice or juf- quarter sef-

tices of the peace of any offence against this act, to appeal to the fions.

justices of the peace assembled at the next general quarter sessions

or adjourned quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden for the

county, stewartry, city, burgh, or place, wherein such conviction

shall be made, such person so appealing giving immediate notice

of such appeal, and finding sufficient sureties in the sum of five

pounds each, and entering into his or her own recognizance

before suchjustice or justices before whom he shall be fo convicted

as aforesaid, in the fum often pounds, to appear and prosecute

every appeal with effect ; and the justices of the peace at such

general quarter or adjourned sessions of the peace are hereby authorised and required, on every such appeal being made, and on

reasonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear

and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such

order, and award such costs therein, as they in their discretion

shall see meet; and which said order and determination shall be

final and conclusive to all parties ; and no bill of advocation or

suspension shall be competent against any such proceedings or de-

termination .

3R2 XXVI. And

980 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. [ 1803 .

Limitation of XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no action or com-

actions .

plaint shall be brought against any referee, justice of the peace,

constable, or other officer, or against any other person or persons

whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue, or in the execution of this act, unless

such action or complaint shall be brought within six calendar

months next after the doing or committing of such matter or

Act maybe

given in evi-

dence.

thing . XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any action

or suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against anyper-

fon or persons, for any thing done under or by virtue, or in the

execution of this act, such person or persons denying the libel, or

objecting to the relevancy, may give this act and the special

matter in evidence ; and if the action shall be dismissed for want

ofprofecution, or the defender or defenders shall be assoilzied, such

defender or defenders shall recover his, her, or their full costs

for which he, she, or they shall have like remedy as in cases

No master to

where costs by law are given to defenders .

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nojustice of

act as ajustice the peace, being also a master cotton-weaver, shall act as such

ofpeaceunder

this act .

justice under this act, any thing herein contained, or any former

statute, law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding .

Proceedings not to be

XXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no proceeding

quashed for

under this act shall be set aside or quashed for want of form.

want of forın .

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this

No repeal of

act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal,

former acts

abridge, annul, or make void any of the clauses, provisions, re-

beyond acer-

tain extent.

medies, or powers contained in the several acts made and passed

in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and

in the thirteenth and twenty-third years of the reign of his late

majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, or in any or either of them ; or in

any other act or acts relating to the powers ofjustices of the peace,

unless in so far as altered by this act, or to the said trade hereto-

fore made and passed, so far as the same enact, provide, or inflict

any pains, penalties, and punishments upon, or against such

workmen, and so far as the same enact, provide or afford any

remedy or remedies to the masters against the workmen engaged

in the said trade or manufacture ( save and except where referees

have been appointed in the manner directed by this act) , any

thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

Publick act.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall

be taken and allowed to be a publick act in all courts within this

kingdom ; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby

required to take notice thereof as such without specially pleading

the fame.

FORM

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 151. 981

FORM of the AWARD to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of

the Order of the Justices of Peace, certifying the Reference.

WE I. K. and L. M. (name and describe the referees) the re-

ferees appointed to fettle the matters in dispute between

the parties within named, (I. K. one of the referees so appointed,

or L. M. the other referee appointed, having failed to attend,

or I N. O. the justice as the cafe may be) do hereby adjudge and

determine , that (herefetforth the determination to which the referees

or referee orjustice as the cafe may be, shall subscribe their names. )

FORM of INDORSEMENT extending the Time limited for making

the Award.

W

E A. B. and C. D. parties to the within reference , do hereby

agree to extend the same to the

inclusive . Witness our hands this day of day

Witness

A. B.

C. D.

FORM of ACKNOWLEDGMENT of Fulfilment of the AWARD

to be written at the Foot thereof .

IA. B. do hereby acknowledge that the above award has been

fulfilled by C. D. who is hereby discharged of the fame.

Witness my hand this day of

Witness Α. Β.

FORM ofCONVICTIONfor refusing ordelaying tofulfil the Award.

Bein in the

E it remembered that on the

day of

year of his Majesty's reign, and in

the year of our Lord

A. B. is convicted before me (or name the justices of the peace, for

the county ,stewartry, city, burgh, or place of )that

the said A. B. has refused or delayed to submit to the award

within the time limited, contrary to the statute made in the

year of his present Majesty , intituled, An act

(hereset forth the title of the act) and I ( or we) the said justice (or

✓ justices ) do hereby adjudge and determine the said A. B. for the

said offence to forfeit and lose the fum of

of

lawful money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be

forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the cafe may be. )

CAP.

982 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 152. [1803 .

7Geo. 1.

C. 21.

(

CAP. CLII.

An act to amend so much of an act made in the seventh year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act

for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading

to the East Indies under foreign commissions, and for encou-

raging, and further securing the lawful trade thereto ; and for

further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of

Thanet, as relates to the said pilots . -[August 11 , 1803. ]

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of

his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for

the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading to the

East Indies under foreign commissions , and for encouraging and

further securing the lawful trade thereto ; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle ofThanet, it was en-

acted, that it should be lawful for the lord- warden of the cinque ports

for the time being, or his deputy, with the assent of the commissioners of

load manage and of the masters and wardens of the Society or fellow-

ship ofpilots of the Trinity House of the cinque ports, orthe major part

of them, at an assembly, commonly called A Court of LoadManage, to

be held by the said lord- warden, or his deputy, during the continuance

ofan act of the third year of his said late Majesty's reign therein mentioned, to make such rules and orders for the better government and

regulation of the pilots residing at Dover, Deal, and the Isle of

Thanet, as should be thought fit and convenient ; and to order and

direct a proportionable and sufficient number of the respective pilots

residing at Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, not less than eigh-

teen, to ply constantly atsea at all feasonable times, to be ready to con-

duct such ships and vessels up the rivers ofThames and Medway, as

Shouldhave occasionfor them ; and that itshould be lawful for the said

lord-warden of the cinque ports for the time being, or his deputy, with

such assent as aforesaid , and atfuch court ofload manage as aforesaid ,

to suspend or deprive any of thesaid pilots for breakingfuch rules or

orders, or omitting any thing required by the fame, orfor acting any

way contrary to such rules or orders , and if any of the said pilots fo

Suspended or deprived, during the time of suchsuspension or deprivation ,

should take upon him or themselves to conduct anyship or vessel by or

from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, to any place or places in

or upon the said rivers of Thames or Medway, such pilots should be

liable to all such pains and penalties, to be recovered in like manner and

form, as are provided by an act of the third year of his said late Majesty's reign therein mentioned against such persons asshould conduct

shipsfrom and to the places aforesaid without being first examined and

approved as in the same last- mentionedact is expressed : and whereas

the said provisions in the said recited act have by subsequentftatutes

been continued to the twenty - fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred andfix : and whereas divers rules and orders have been made

by the said lord-warden, or his deputy, with the assent of the commif-

fioners ofload manage and of the masters and wardens of thefociety or

fellowship of pilots of the Trinity House of the cinque ports, at an assembly com

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 152. 983

commonly calledACourt ofLoad Manage, but the famehave been found

ineffectual , by reason that the power ofpunishing by suspending or de-

1

priving any of thesaid pilots from breaking such rules or orders, is by

the said act given and limited to be exercised by the said lord-warden ,

with such assent as aforesaid, and at such court of load manage as

aforesaid , which court cannot be assembled at such times and places as

the occasion of exercising such power of punishment as aforesaid requires : and whereas it is expedient that the said lord -warden, or his

deputy, withfuch assent as aforesaid, and at such court of load manage

assembled as aforesaid , should have power to make such rules and orders

for the better government and regulation of the said pilots , on pain of

Suspension or deprivation of such pilots as shall offend against the fame

and that the lord -warden for the time being, or his deputy, the lieu-

tenant of Dover castle, or his deputy or deputies, or any two of the

wardens of the faidsociety or fellowship ofpilots residing at Dover or

Deal, or any one of such wardens residing at Ramsgate or Margate ,

Should have power to hear and determine any complaint against such

pilots for breach of such rules and orders, and upon conviction of such

pilots , to inflict such punishment of suspension or deprivation as the said

rules and orders may direct and the cafe may require ; be it therefore

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the fame, That the lord-warden of the cinque ports for the The warden

time being, or his deputy, with the assent of the commissioners of the cinque

of load manage, and of the masters and wardens of the society or ports, or his

deputy, with

fellowship of pilots of the Trinity House of the cinque ports, or the assent of

the major part of them, at an assemby commonly called A Court the commissi-

of Load Manage, to be held by the said lord-warden, or his de- oners of load

puty, shall within six weeks after the passing of this act, proceed manage, &c.

to make, and shall make all such rules and orders for the better rules and

shall make

government and regulation of the pilots residing at Dover, Deal, orders for the

and the Isle of Thanet, as shall be by them thought fit and con- regulation of

venient, as well relating to the services of the said pilots in taking pilots atDo-

charge of and conducting and navigating his Majesty's ships and the Isle of

ver, Deal, and

vessels and the ships and vessels in his Majesty's employ, and the Thanet.

ships and vessels of merchants, up the said rivers Thames and

Medway, as to the services of the said pilots in conducting and

navigating his Majesty's ships and vessels , and the ships and

vessels in his Majesty's employ on the coasts of France, Flanders,

and Holland, and to the Baltic Sea, and for effectually securing to

his Majesty the performance of such services ; which rules and Rules to be

regulations when so made shall be forthwith printed, and copiesprinted .

thereof delivered to every member of the said society, and also

to every new member of the said society on his election.foot

II . And be it further enacted, That if any pilot belonging to Proceedings to be had

the said society or fellowship of pilots shall hereafter , contrary to against pilots

such rules and orders as aforesaid, refuse or neglect, upon being refusing to

duly warned for that purpose, to take charge of and to navigate obey such

and conduct any ship or vessel , or shall break such rules and rules .

orders in any other respect, or omit any thing required by such

rules

984 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C.152. [1803 .

rules and orders to be done by him, then and in either of such

cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord-warden of

the cinque ports for the time being , or his deputy, or the lieu-

tenant of Dover castle for the time being, or his deputy or de-

puties, or to or for any two of the wardens of the said society orn

fellowship of pilots residing at the place where such pilot so re-

fusing shall then be, if at Dover or Deal , or any one of such war-

dens if at Ramsgate or Margate, on complaint upon oath made to

him or them (which oath he and they respectively are hereby

authorised to administer), by any person or persons concerning

the breach of any such ruler or order by any such pilot as aforesaid , to hear and determine the said complaint, and upon the oath

of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or confession of the

party charged by such complaint, to convict such party, and to

inflict such punishment, or suspension or deprivation as the rule

or order which shall have been broken may authorise and allow ;

Convictions to and the said lord- warden, or his deputy, and other persons hereby

be returned to authorised to hear and determine such complaints, shall return

the court of such conviction to the court of load manage to be held next after

load manage. such conviction .

Party ag- grieved by

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

lawful to and for the party or parties aggrieved by any such con-

such convic- tionsmay appeal to the

viction to appeal against the same to the court of load manage for

the said cinque ports to be holden next after such conviction ,

courtofload

upon which appeal it shall and may be lawful to and for such

manage.

court to inquire into the circumstances of the cafe, as well upon

the oath of the said pilot as of any other persons, which oath and

oaths the said court is hereby authorised and empowered to admi-

nifter, and to confirm, mitigate, or quash such conviction, as the

circumstances of the case in their judgement and discretion may

seem to require : provided nevertheless, that such conviction ,

notwithstanding such appeal, shall, till the reversal of the same

on such appeal, be in such force and effect as ifthe fame had

been final and conclusive, and had not been subject to any appeal

whatsoever.

Penalty on

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of such pilot or

pilots navi-

Bating efels person , during the time of his suspension or deprivation as afore-

during th their said , thall take upon himself directly or indirectly to pilot or

suspension. navigate, or to be assisting in the piloting or navigating of any

ship or vessel by or from Dover, Deal, or the Isle ofThanet, to any

place or places whatsoever in or upon the said rivers of Thames or

Medway, or upon the coast of France, Flanders, or Holland, or to

the Baltic Sea, such pilot shall forfeit and pay for every such of-

fence the sum of ten pounds, to be sued for and recovered with

full costs of suit by any person or persons, by suit or action to be

sorcibrought in the court of admiralty for the cinque ports, or other-

wife, at the option of such person or persons, by action of debt,

F

bill ,plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record

at Westminster, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, wager

of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; one moiety

of which said sum so to be forfeited and recovered shall go to the informer,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 153. informer, and the other moiety thereofto the master and wardens

of the said society for the time being, to be by them distributed

to and among such superannuated pilots and the widows of pilots

of the said society, in like manner and proportion as the said

master and wardens for the time being shall think fit and appoint,

and as heretofore hath been used and practised by the said so-

ciety .

985

CAP. CLIII.

An act topermit during the continuance of hostilities, and untilfix

months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, the

importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral vessels ,

fromstates in amity with his Majesty, of certain goods, wares,

and merchandize ; and to empower his Majesty, by order in coun-

cil , to prohibit the exportation of copper, and to permit the import-

ation, in neutral vessels, fromstates not in amity with his Majesty,

of certain goods, wares, and merchandize. -[August 12, 1803.]

WHEREAS by an at passed in England in the twelfth year 12 Car . 2.

of the reign of King Charles the Second , intituled , An act c. 18 .

for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation,

and byfeveral other acts now in force in the united kingdom, and in

Great Britain and Ireland respectively, the importation of the several

goods , wares, and merchandize in this alt enumerated, is prohibited

unless the sameshall be imported in the manner and according to the

regulations prescribed by the said acts : and whereas it is expedient

to permit, during the continuance of hostilities, the importation into

the united kingdom of the said goods, wares, and merchandize, in the

manner and under the regulations in this act prescribed : be it there-

fore enacted, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this act, Organzined

and during the continuance of hostilities, and until six months thrown silk of

the growth of

after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace , it shall and Italy may be

maybe lawful to and for any person or persons to import or imported in

bring into the united kingdom, from any port or place in amity anyveffel

from anyplace

with his Majesty, in any thip or vessel whatsoever, organzined in amity with

thrown silk of the growth or production of Italy; any thing con his Majesty.

tained in an act made in England in the second year of the reign

of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled,

An act for discouraging the importation of thrown silk, or in any

other act or acts in force in the united kingdom, or in Great

Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- Act not to

tained, shall not extend to give liberty to import any Italian extend to the

filks herein

thrown silk, that shall be coarser than a fort thereof known and mentioned.

distinguished by the name of Third Bolonia, nor any forts of

filks commonly called Tram, of the growth of Italy, nor any

other thrown silk of the growth or production of Turkey , Persia ,

East-

986 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 153. [1803.

East- India, or China, under the penalty of forfeiting all such

thrown filks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to

the purport, true intent, and meaning of this act ; one moiety

whereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors , and

the other moiety to such person or persons who shall feife, in-

form or fue for the fame, to be recovered in such manner and

form as goods forfeited may be recovered by any law relating

to his Majesty's revenue of customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively .

III. And for the better and more effectual execution of this act ,

and to prevent the importation of any fort of thrown filks not organ-

Silks landed zined, be it further enacted and declared, That all such organ-

in any part of zined thrown silk as is allowed to be imported by this art, if

Great Britain

to be brought landed in any part of Great Britain, hall be brought to his

to the custom- Majesty's custom-house at London, to the intent that no other

house in

fort of thrown silk may be imported than that allowed by this

London.

act , under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown silk as shall

be imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning

of this act ; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors , and the other moiety to such

person or persons who shall seise , inform, or fue for the same;

to be recovered in such manner and form as goods forfeited

may be recovered by any law relating to his Majesty's revenue

of customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, any thing

herein contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

Flax or flax-

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

feed may be

imported in

passing of this act, and during the continuance of hostilities ,

any vessel of

and until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty

anycountry

of peace, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons

in amitywith

to import into the united kingdom any fort of flax or flax- feed,

his Majesty from anyplace

in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity

on certain

with his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, navigated by foreign

conditions .

seamen, from any port or place whatsoever, upon the same terms

and conditions, and subject to the same duties, rules, regulations, and restrictions, in any respect as such fiax and flax- feed

would by any law in force in the united kingdom, or in Great

Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable to

if the fame had been imported in foreign ships or vessels of the

built of the country or place of which such flax or flax-feed was

the growth, production, or manufacture ; any thing in the said

recited act of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the

Second, or any other act or acts of parliament, in force in the

united kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

Turkey com- V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

pany may

of this act, and during the continuance of hostilities, and until

import goods six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace ,

heretofore

imported it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons admitted

from Turkey, into and made free of the company of merchants of England

&c . either in trading to the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the

British or name

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 153. 987

name of the Turkey Company, to import into the united king-foreign vessels ,

dom any goods or commodities, which have heretofore usually from any

been imported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any place within place, on

payment of

thedominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in duties , &c.

any ship or vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland , navigated according to law, or in any thip or vessel be-

longing to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majestý, his

heirs, or fuccessors, navigated by foreign seamen, from any

port or place whatsoever, upon payment of the fame duties, if

imported in British or Irish built ships, as the like goods would

be subject and liable to if imported in British or Irish built ships,

directly from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture; but if such goods shall be imported in any foreign - built

ship or vessel, then and in such case the goods so imported shall

be subject to the duties which such goods would have been fub-

ject and liable to if this act had not been made ; any thing in

the said recited act of the twelfth year of the reign of King

Charles the Second, or any act or acts of parliament in force in

the united kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That no Conditions

entry shall be suffered to pass at any custom-house in the united onwhich en-

try shall be

kingdom, for any such goods of the growth, production, or suffered to

manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the dominions of pass at the

the Grand Seignior, as before the passing of this act might be custom- house

on importa-

imported only from such ports or places in the Streights or tion of goods

Levant Seas as are within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, the growth of

or for any drugs which would have been liable to the payment Turkey, &c .

of higher duties, when not imported directly from the place of

their growth or production, and which, by the authority of this

act, are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the

person importing or entering the same shall produce to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty's customs in Great

Britain, and to the proper officer of the revenue in Ireland , at

the port of importation, a certificate under the hand of the

collector of the duties for the said Turkey company, certifying,

that such person is free of the said company, and that he has

paid the duties imposed on such goods by the said company, and

has conformed in all respects to the rules and regulations of the

said company relative thereto.

VII. Provided always, That all goods, wares, and merchan- Such goods

dize , of the produce of countries within the Levant Seas, im- to be subject

to the duties

ported into Great Britain, under the authority of this act, shall payable to the

be subject and liable to the duties payable to the Levant com- Levant company , in like manner as if such goods, wares, and merchandize, pany .

had been imported into Great Britain directly from Turkey.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Goods usually

passing of this act, and during the continuance of hostilities, imported

and until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty from places

in Europe,

of peace, any goods or commodities which have been heretofore within the

usually imported from any port or place in Europe within the Streights of

Streights Gibraltar, &c.

988 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 153. [1803 .

may be

Streights of Gibraltar, (except such goods or commodities as

imported

might heretofore be imported, only from such ports or places as

from any

place not

are within the dominions of the Grand Seignior) , shall and

being within may, during the continuance of this act, be imported and

thedominions brought, by any person or persons whatsoever, into the united

of the Grand kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , from any port or place

Seignior,

inany British whatsoever, not being within the dominions of the Grand Seig-

or foreign vessel, &c .

nior, in any ship or vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain

or Ireland , navigated according to law; or in any ship or vessel

belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty,

his heirs or fuccessors, navigated with foreign seamen, upon

payment of the fame duties, if imported in British or Irish built

ships, as the like goods would be subject and liable to if imported directly from the place of their growth, production , or

manufacture, except ) drugs, which, if imported by any person

orperlons not free of the Turkey company, shall be subject to

the like duties, as they would have been liable to, if not imported directly from the place of their growth and production,

if this act had not been made ; and if any such goods shall be

imported in any foreign-built ship or vessel, then and in such

case the goods so imported shall be subject to the duties which

such goods would have been subject and liable to by law, if this

act had not been made ; any thing in the said last-mentioned

act, or in any other act or acts of parliament in force in the

united kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

Goodsmay

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

be taken out

ofwarehouse

lawful to take any goods, wares, and merchandize, out of any

in whichde-

warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged or depo-

posited , by

sited, under any order of his Majesty in council, or of the lord-

orderofcoun-

lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and the privy

cil , onpay-

ment of du-

council of Ireland, upon payment of the like duties, and subject

ties, &c.

to the same rules and regulations as such goods, wares, and

merchandize would have been liable unto if they had been

imported by virtue of this act.

Pitch, timber, X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

&c. may be of this act, and during the continuance of hostilities, and until

imported from six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace,

Germanyin

British vessels, it shall and may be lawful to import into the united kingdom,

in British or Irish built ships, owned and navigated according

to law, from any of the ports of Germany, pitch and tar, as well

as deal boards, fir, and timber, subject to such duties, rules,

regulations, and restrictions, as such goods would, by any law

in force in the united kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland

respectively, have been subject and liable to, if the same had been

legally imported before the passing of this act ; any thing in an

act passed in England in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his

majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An attfor preventing

frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs, or in any

other act or acts in force in the united kingdom, or in Great

Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in anywise not-

withstanding.

XI. And

5

26

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 153. 989

XI. And whereas the publickfafety may require temporary restraints

upon the exportation of copper ; be it therefore further enacted,

That from and after the passing of this act, and during the con- His Majesty

tinuance of hostilities, and until six months after the ratification may, by pro-

of a definitive treaty of peace , it shall and may be lawful for his clamation, &c.

prohibit the

Majesty, fromtime to time, by proclamation, or order in coun- exportation of

cil, and, in Ireland , for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief go- copper capa-

vernor or governors, and the privy council of Ireland, by procla- ble ofbeing

mation or order in council, whenever it shall seem expedient, to naval stores.

converted into

prohibit the exportation of all copper capable of being converted

into a naval store, from any port or place within the united king-

dom of Great Britain and Ireland , to any port or place within the

limits of Europe.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Salt may be

passing of his act, and during the continuance of hostilities, and imported from

Portugal in

until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of any vessel of

peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons any country

to import or bring into the united kingdom from Portugal any inamitywith

falt , the produce or manufacture of Portugal , in any ship or vessel his Majesty.

whatsoever, that shall belong to the subject or subjects of any

state in amity with his Majesty, and such salt shall be imported

upon payment of the like duties, and shall be subject to the like

regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as falt imported

in ships of the built or belonging to any of the subjects of the

kingdom of Portugal ; any thing in the before- mentioned act, or

in any other act or acts in force in the united kingdom, or in

Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Wool may be

passing of this act, and during the continuance of hostilities, and imported into

Great Britain,

until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty ofand barilla ,

peace , it shall be lawful for any person to import into any port or &c. into Ire-

place into Great Britain, all forts of wool, and to import into that land, from any

part of the united kingdom called Ireland , all forts of barilla, place, in

vessels of any

jesuits ' bark, linen yarn, hemp, indigo, cochineal, wool and country in

cotton wool, from any country or place whatsoever, in any ship amity with

or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his his Majesty.

Majesty, his heirs and successors, navigated by foreign seamen ;

any law , custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding .

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such goods Goods im-

as thall, in pursuance of this act, be imported into the united ported in

kingdom in any foreign ship or vessel , shall be subject and liable foreign vessels

liable

to the aliens, and all other duties, in the same manner as they to the aliens

could be liable to by law, if such ships were of the built of the and otherdu-

country of which the goods are of the growth , product, or ties .

manufacture .

XV. And whereas, since the present hostilities have commenced ,

orders of council have been made for granting licences, and licences have

accordingly been granted to permit the importation of certain goods,

wares , and merchandize, being British or neutral property, contrary to

the laws now inforce , which importations were necessary during the time of

990 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 154. [1803.

of hostilities, and ought to be justified by law : and whereas it is

expedient that his Majesty, by order in council, and , in Ireland, that

the lord- lieutenant, or other chiefgovernor or governors, and the privy

council of Ireland, should be authorised to permit, during the continu-

ance of hostilities, and until six months after the ratification of a

definitive treaty ofpeace, the importation in any neutral ships what-

foever , of any goods, wares, or merchandize, from any port or

place

belonging to any kingdom or state not in amity with his Majesty ; be

Importationofit therefore further enacted, That every importation of goods,

goodsmade

by virtue of

wares, and merchandize, made by virtue of any such order and

any order in

licence so heretofore made and granted as aforesaid , shall be

council shall

deemed and taken to be good in law ; any thing in the said re-

be valid.

cited act of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the

Second, or any other act made for the amendment or explanation

thereof, or in any other act or acts now in force in the united

kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Anygoods specified in

XVI. And be it further enacted , That it shall and maybe

anyorder in

lawful for his Majesty, by order in council, and, in Ireland , for

council may

the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and

be imported fromany place not in

the privy council of Ireland , by order in council, from time to

time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient,

amity with his

to permit during the continuance of hostilities, and until fix

Majesty , in

months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, any

ships belong-

such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be specified in any

ing to any country in

such order in council, to be imported from any port or place be-

amity.

longing to any kingdom or state not in amity with his Majesty ,

in ships belonging to the subjects of any kingdom or state in amity

with his Majesty ; any law now in force in the united kingdom ,

or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any-

wise notwithstanding.

Goods to be

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all such goods, wares,

subject to the and merchandize, when so imported as aforesaid, shall be liable

duties and

regulations to all duties of customs and excise, and shall be subject to all

existing before rules, regulations, and conditions , and to all penalties and for-

the passing of feitures for the breach thereof , to which they would have been

this act.

liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain

or Ireland, according to any law or laws in force at the time of

the passing of this act .

CAP. CLIV.

An altfor granting to his Majesty certain countervailing duties on

the importation into Great Britain of refined sugar of the manufacture of Ireland ; and for allowing additionaldrawbacks or bounties on the exportation to Ireland of refinedsugar of the manufacture of Great Britain, during the continuance of certain acts ; and

for allowing, until the first day of May one thousand eight hundred

andfour, a bounty on the importation offalmon and codfishfrom

the island of Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador, into

Great Britain and Ireland. -[August 12 , 1803.]WHEREAS

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 154. 991

WHEREAS the rate of the duty of customs on sugar imported

into Great Britain has been increasedsince the union of Great

Britain and Ireland : and whereas it is just and reasonable in respect

thereof , and pursuant to the provisions contained in the acts for the

union of Great Britain and Ireland, that additional duties of customs

should be charged on all refinedsugar being of the manufacture of

Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, sufficient to

countervail such increase of duty on the raw material; be it there.

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and FromAug.

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 15,1803, there

authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth day ofthallbe charg-

August one thousand eight hundred and three, there shall be ed on refined

charged on any refined sugar being of the manufacture of Ire- sugar of the

manufacture

land , and imported from thence into Great Britain, the several of Ireland and

countervailing duties of customs as the same are respectively imported into

described and set forth in figures in the tables hereunto annexed, Great Britain

marked (A. ) and ( B.) ; which several countervailing duties the additional

countervail-

shall be in addition to the countervailing duties payable on any ingduties

such refined sugar under and by virtue of an act passed in the specified in

thirty-ninth and fortieth year of his present Majesty, for the tables

union of Great Britain and Ireland.

( A.) and (B.)

II. And be it further enacted, That the said countervailing Such coun-

duties by this act granted shall be managed, ascertained, raised, tervailing

duties thall be

levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied in managed as

such and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways, and the former.

methods, in every respect as the former countervailing duties

on refined sugar the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from

thence into Great Britain, are managed, ascertained, raised,

levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

III. And whereas it is just and reasonable on account of the in-

creased rate of the duty of customs charged on sugar imported into

Great Britain, that additional drawbacks or bounties should in respect

thereof be paid and allowed on refinedsugar of manufacture of Great

Britain exported to Ireland ; be it therefore further enacted,

That, from and after the fifteenth day of August one thousand Drawbacks

eight hundred and three, there thall be paid and allowed on the specified in

table ( C.) and

exportation from Great Britain to Ireland , of any refined sugar (D.)to be paid

being the manufacture of Great Britain, the several and respec- on exporta-

tive additional drawbacks or bounties as the same are respec- tion of refined

tively described and fet forth in figures in the tables hereunto sugar from

Great Britain

annexed, marked (C.) and (D. ) : provided always, that the

to Ireland.

said additional drawbacks or bounties respectively shall not be

paid or allowed unless all the rules, regulations, restrictions, and

conditions required by any act or acts of parliament in force

on or immediately before the passing of this act, with respect to

drawbacks or bounties payable on the exportation from Great

Britain to Ireland of any refined sugar, are duly complied with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the additional counter- Continuance

vailing duties granted, and the drawbacks or bounties allowed of duties and

by this act, as the same are respectively described and fet forth drawbacks.

in

992 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 154. [1803 .

in the tables hereunto annexed, marked (A. ) and (C. ) shall

remain in force during the continuance of the duties on sugar

imported into Great Britain, granted by an act of the present

c . 68..

session of parliament, intituled, An act to repeal the duties ofcuf-

toms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu

thereof ; and that the additional countervailing duties granted

and drawbacks or bounties allowed by this act, as the same are

respectively described and set forth in the tables hereunto an-

nexed, marked ( B. ) and (D.), shall remain in force during the

continuance of an act passed in the present session of parliament,

C. 70.

intituled, An alt for granting to his Majesty during the present

war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods,

wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage ofships and vessels in

Great Britain, and no longer.

Additional

V. And be it further enacted, That the additional bounty on

bounty on

refined sugar exported from Great Britain, granted by an act

refined sugar exported,

passed in the present session of parliament, intituled , An altfor

grantedby

granting to his Majesty during the present war, and until the ratifi-

c. 70. shall not

cation of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importa-

be allowed on

anyentered

tion and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and

for exporta- tionbefore

on the tonnage of ships and vessels in Great Britain, shall not be

1

paid or allowed on any refined sugar which shall be entered for

August 17 ,

exportation before the seventeenth day of August one thousand

1803, &c.

eight hundred and three; and that the said additional bounty

shall not be paid or allowed on any refined sugar which shall not

have been actually shipped for exportation within six weeks after

the expiration of the said recited act passed in the present session

of parliament.

VI. And whereas it is expedient that a bounty should be allowed

for a limited time on the importation of falted and pickled falmon , and

falted dry codfish from the island ofNewfoundland, and the coast of

Labrador, into the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ;

Onimporta- beit therefore enacted, That upon the importation of such fish into

tion ofpickled the said united kingdom, there shall be paid and allowed to the

falmon and

dry cod from importer or proprietor thereof , a bounty of three shillings for

the island of every quintal or hundred weight of such fish , and so in propor-

Newfound- tion for any greater or less quantity ; which bounty shall be paid

land, &c. a

and allowed upon the following conditions, that is to say , upon

bounty of35.

quintal

the master and mate of every ship or vessel in which such fish

mallbe paid,

shall be imported making oath at the port of importation, before

on certain

the collector or other principal officer of the customs in Great

conditions.

Britain, or of the revenue in Ireland , that all the said fish imported in the said ship or vessel was taken and cured by his

Majesty's subjects carrying on the fishery at the island of New-

foundland and on the coast of Labrador, as the case may be, and

upon such fish being duly entered and regularly landed in the

presence of the proper officer or officers appointed for that

purpose.

Such fish may VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That falted

be exported cod fith and falmon, on which the bounty above mentioned

without being shall

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 154. 993

shall have been paid as aforesaid, may nevertheless be exported subject to

without being subject to the re-payment of the said bounty; any rebounty

re-payment

thing in this act , or any other law or statute to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such bounty shall Bounty tobe

be under the management of the respective commissioners of the under the

customs in England and Scotland, in Great Britain, and the com- of the com management

missioners of the revenue in Ireland respectively, and shall be missioners of

paid by the said collector or other principal officer before whom customs in

such oath is directed to be taken as aforesaid, out of any fund Great Britain,

under the management of the said commissioners respectively: nue in Ire.

and of reve.

provided always, that before any bounty shall be paid upon any land.

such fish as aforesaid, the same shall be examined by two indif-

ferent and disinterested persons, experienced in the nature of

1

such fish , appointed for that purpose at the port of importation,

with the approbation of the said commissioners respectively,

which persons so appointed, together with the proper officer or

officers who shall attend the examination of the said fish , shall

declare upon their corporal oaths, to be administered by the

collector or other principal officer at the port of importation,

whether the said fish , or any part thereof is or is not merchant-

able; and in case any such fish or any part thereof shall not be

merchantable no bounty shall be allowed or paid on the impor-

tation thereof .

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Acts for

in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to securing the

extend, to vary, alter, or repeal any act or acts of parliament duties on falt

notto be

made for the security of the duties upon salt , but that every act affected .

or acts of parliament relating to such duties shall remain in

force in like manner to all intents and purposes as if this act

had not been made.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bounty Bounty shall

shall be paid or allowed on the importation of any such fish , for not be paid on

be contained and expressed in the manifest required by law upon ish than thall

or upon any greater quantity or weight thereof , than is or shall any greater quantity

the importation thereof into any port of the united kingdom. beexpressed

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person shall in themani-

feft.

in any manner whatever fraudulently obtain any bounty upon

the importation of such fish, or shall enter any such fish for the Persons frau-

dulently ob-

purpose ofobtaining any bounty thereon, contrary to the true taining

intent and meaning of this act, then and in every such cafe the bounty on

person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such of such fish shall

fence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. forfeit 100% .

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said bounty upon Bounty on

be

the importation of such fish shall be paid and allowed in suchpaidunder

and the like manner, and under such and the like conditions, certain can-

rules , regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures as any ditions .

bounties on the importation of the produce of the British fith-

eries may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, be

paid and allowed , so far as the same are applicable thereto; and

VOL. XLIV. 3 S the

994 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 154. [1803 .

the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained

shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and

shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for

or in respect of the bounty hereby allowed as far as the same are

applicable thereto in as full and ample a manner to all intents

and purposes whatever as if all and every the said clauses, provisions, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, were par-

10

Provisions

relating to

bounties on

fith to continue till

May1, 1804.

ticularly repeated and re- enacted in the body of this present

act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several provisions

in this act contained relating to bounties on the importation of

fish shall continue in force until the first day of May one thou-

fand eight hundred and four.

TABLES to which this Act refers .

TABLE ( A. )

A TABLE of additional COUNTERVAILING DUTIES

of CUSTOMS payable on refined Sugar of the Manufacture

of Ireland imported from thence into Great Britain. Duty.

Sugar refined, vizt. £. s. d.

--Bastards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 0 1 10

--Lumps, the hundred weightf

- - 035

Single Loaf , the hundred weight 38

-Powder Loaf and Double Loaf , the hundred

weight- 0311

Sugar Candy, Brown, the hundred weight- 035

P -White, the hundred weight-

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight 0311

031

50

TABLE (B. )

A TABLE of further additional COUNTERVAILING

DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on refined Sugar of the

Manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great

Britain.

Sugar refined, vizt.

Duty.

E s. d .

Bastards, whole or ground , the hundred weight 0 4 0

-Lumps, the hundred weight-

Single Loaf , the hundred weight

6076

1080

Sugar ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 154. 995

Duty.

Sugar, refined, viz .

£ . s. d.

--Powder Loaf and Double Loaf , the hundred

weight

-

-

87

Sugar Candy, Brown , the hundred weight

-

7 0

- White, the hundred weight-

。

87

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight o

87

TABLE ( C. )

A TABLE of additional DRAWBACKS or BOUNTIES to

be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar of

the Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence to

Ireland.

Drawback.

Sugar refined, vizt.

L. s. d.

Bastards, whole or ground, the hundred weight o 1 10

--Lumps, the hundred weight- Ο 35

Single Loaf, the hundred weight

Powder Loaf and Double Loaf , the hundred 38

weight- -

Sugar Candy, Brown, the hundred weight 35 0 -

3 11

White, the hundred weight-

-0

3 г

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight

Ο

11 3

TABLE ( D. )

ATABLE of further additional DRAWBACKS or BOUN-

TIES to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined

Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported from

thence to Ireland.

Drawback.

Sugar refined, vizt.

£. s. d .

Bastards, whole or ground, thehundredweight 0 40

Lumps, the hundred weight

Ο 76

-Single Loaf , the hundred weight

080

-Powder Loaf and Double Loaf , the hundred

Cand weight

Ο 87

Sugar Candy, Brown, the hundred weight

-

076

White, the hundred weight

-

087

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight

087

τα era to van 1ο ουτιν νὰ σε στα ποδια για την

alosno od

ולקמ ןייזל

зоd pwncoil mohiw leatी білізноїв га

cruise 3S2 CAP.

996 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. [1803 .

CAP. CLV.

An act to repeal an act , passed in the lastsession of parliament, for

establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom,

or resident therein; and for establishing , until three months after

the ratification of a definitive treaty ofpeace , regulations respecting

aliens arriving in this kingdom, or residing therein, in certain cafes.

- [August 12, 1803.]

42Geo. 3 .

C. 92.

WHEREAS, under the present circumstances , much danger may

arise to the publick tranquilityfrom the resort to and residence

ofaliens in this kingdom, unless due provision be made in respectthere-

of : and whereas an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled , An act for repealing several acts for establishing regulations

respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein,

in certain cases, and for substituting other provisions in lieu

thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the said last recited act

Should be repealed , and further and other provisions made during the

present hostilities with Francefor the regulation ofaliens ; be it there-

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-

Recited act

repealed.

thority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act,

the said recited act of the forty-second year aforesaid shall be and

the same is hereby repealed.

Aliens not

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as his

departing the Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall, by his or their pro-

unitedking- clamation , or by his or their order in council, or order under

dom when

orderedby his or their sign manual, or the lord-lieutenant, or other chief

proclamation, governor or governors of Ireland , shall, by proclamation or

&c. may be committed to

order of council in Ireland, direct that any alien or aliens who

gaol; and

may be within the united kingdom, or who may hereafter arrive

such aliens

therein, shall depart the united kingdom within a time limited

returning without li-

in any such proclamation or order respectively, and any such

alien shall knowingly and wilfully refuse or neglect to pay due

cence shall be transported for life.

obedience to such proclamation or order respectively, or shall be

found in the united kingdom, or any part thereof , contrary to

such proclamation or order, as the case may be, it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or the

lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland ,

or his or their chief secretary, or for any justice of the peace, or

for any mayor or chief magistrate of any city or place, to cause

every such alien to be arrested, and to be committed to the

common gaol of the county or place where he or she shall be fo

arrested, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he

or she shall be taken in charge for the purpose of being fent out

of the united kingdom ; and if any such alien, sent out of the

united kingdom in pursuance of any such order or proclamation,

or any order made by virtue of any of the provisions of this act

as aforesaid, shall, without licence for that purpose by one of

his Majesty's secretaries of state, return into this kingdom, such

970 alien,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 155. 997

alien, being duly convicted thereof , shall be transported for

life.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Penalty on

one or more justices of the peace or magistrates before whom aliens difo-

any such alien shall be brought for so knowingly and wilfully beying pro-

clamations.

refusing or neglecting to pay due obedience to any such procla-

mation or order as aforesaid, or for being found in this realm,

1

or any part thereof , contrary to such proclamation or order, to

adjudge such alien to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one month for the first offence, and not exceeding two

months for the second offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Secretaries of

one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or the lord state , or lord- lieutenant of

lieutenant , or chief governor or governors of Ireland , or his or Ireland, &c.

their chief secretary , in any case in which he or they shall ap- may grant

prehend that any alien will not pay immediate obedience to any warrants to

such proclamation or order as aforesaid , or in any case in which conduct such

aliens out of

any alien shall have been arrested or committed for refusal or the kingdom,

neglect to obey any such order , or shall have been convicted ofas they ap-

such refusal or neglect, or of any other offence under this act prehend will

for which he or she shall be sentenced to be imprisoned , either not pay obe-

dience to pro-

1

before, or during or after the period of such imprisonment, by clamations,

warrant under his hand and seal, to give such alien in charge to &c .

one of his Majesty's messengers, or to any other person or persons to whom he shall think proper to direct such warrant , in

order to his or her being conducted out of this realm.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted , That in Copy ofcon-

every case in which any alien shali be convicted of any offence viction of

under this act, for which he or she shall be sentenced to be im- alien to be

transmitted

prisoned, that it shall and may be lawful for the magistrate to the secre-

before whom such alien shall be convicted, and he is hereby tary of state,

required to transmit to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries &c.

of state , if in Great Britain, and to the under secretary to the

lord-lieutenant or chief governor of Ireland, if in Ireland , the

copy of the conviction, and the circumstances of the cafe on

which such alien shall have been so convicted, in order that such

alien shall be continued in prison for the period for which he

shall have been committed, or be sent out of the kingdom as

aforesaid, as the cafe may require.

VI. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance Masters of

✓ of this act, the master or commander of every thip or vessel vessels to give

which shall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, shall, to the officers

immediately on his arrival , and before he shall be allowed to a declaration

of the customs

enter or land any part whatever of the cargo of the said ship or of the names,

vessel , declare in writing to the collector and comptroller, or &c. of aliens

other chief officer of the customs at or near such port or place, on board,

whether there are, to the best of his knowledge, any aliens on

" board his said vessel, and shall, in his said declaration specify the

✓ number ofaliens, if any , on board his said vessel , and also spe-

nd cify their names and respective ranks, occupations, or descrip-

ations, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

VII. And

4

998 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. [1803.

Aliens not to VII. And be it further enacted, That no alien shall be per-

landtill maf- mitted to land in this kingdom, until the master or commander

ter of vessel

has madethe

of the ship or vessel in which such alien shall have arrived shall

declaration required by

have made the declaration concerning aliens on board his ship or

vessel required by this act, and shall have obtained from the

this act, and permission obtained, on

proper officer of the customs a permission in writing to land such

alien; and in case any alien, not being a mariner actually en-

penaltyof

gaged and employed as such in the navigation of such ship or

imprisonment. vessel, shall land in this kingdom from any such ship or vessel ,

without such permission first obtained, such alien shall forthwith

be taken into custody, and carried before one of his Majesty's

justices of the peace, who shall commit such alien to one of his

Majesty's gaols, or to such other custody as to suchjustice shall

seem fit, until his Majesty's pleasure, or the pleasure of such

lord-lieutenant or chief governor as aforesaid, if in Ireland , con-

Penalty on

cerning such alien, shall be known; and the master, or com-

masters for

mander, or the person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall

Manding aliens contrary hereto.

forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, for every alien so landed,

unless he shall make it appear that such alien was landed from

such ship or vessel against the will of such master or commander,

or the person having the charge of such ship or vessel, and one

moiety of such penalty shall go to his Majesty , his heirs and

successors , and the other moiety to the informer ; and it shall be

lawful for any officer or officers of the customs or excise to

Vesselsusedindetain such ship or vessel until such penalty shall be paid ; and

such landing forfeited. any boat or vessel used in landing any such alien from the ship

or vessel in which such alien shall have arrived as aforesaid shall

and may be seised by any officer or officers of the customs or

excise, and the same shall be forfeited, together with all tackle,

apparel, ammunition, and furniture thereunto respectively be-

longing.

Penalty on captainsof

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the master or commander of every ship or vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall

fein for neg

lecting to

neglect or refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, shall for

makedecla-

every such offence forfeit and pay the sum oftwenty pounds for

ration of

each and every alien who shall have been on board at the time

aliens .

of the arrival of each ship or vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall

have wilfully neglected or refused so to declare as aforesaid, one

moiety whereof thall be to the informer or informers, and the

other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be re-

covered before any one or more justice or justices of the peace

acting in and for the division, city, town, or place, in which

such offence shall have been committed, by the confession of the

party, or on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses ; and in case such master or commander as aforesaid shall

neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such penalty as he shall be

adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, then and in such case it shall

be lawful for any collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of

the customs, and every such collector or comptroller is, on due

notice of such conviction and adjudication, hereby required to

detain such ship or vessel as aforesaid until the same shall have

been paid.

IX. And

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 155. 999

IX. And be it further enacted, That every alien who shall Aliens arriv-

arrive at or in any port or place in the united kingdom from ing after

and after the passing of this act, shall, immediately after such passing this

act and aliens

arrival, declare in writing to such officer of the customs as departing, to

aforesaid, at or near such port or place , the name of the ship or make adecla-

vessel in which he or she shall have come to this kingdom ; and ration to the

officer of the

every alien who shall so arrive, and also every alien who shall customs of

depart from any port or place of this realm from and after the certain parti.

passing of this act, shall, immediately after such arrival, or culars.

before such departure respectively , declare in like manner to

such officer as aforesaid, his or her name and rank, occupation

or description, or if a domestick servant , then also the name,

rank, and description of his or her master or mistress, or shall

verbally make to such officer as aforesaid such declaration, to be

by him reduced to writing, and shall also in like manner

declare the country or place from whence he or she shall then

have come, and the place to which he or she is then going, and

his or her profession or occupation, and the name and place of

abode of the person to whom (if any) he or she is known in this

kingdom; and that every such alien coming into this kingdom

who shall neglect to make declaration of the aforesaid particulars,

or who shall wilfully make any false declaration thereof , may,

for every such offence, on conviction thereof before one or

more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city,

town, or district in which such alien shall be found, be imprisoned

for any time not exceeding one month.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such alien, so ar- Aliens to re-

riving as aforesaid, shall obtain from the collector, comptroller, ceive certifi-

orother chief officer of the customs, and such officers are hereby catesfrom the

respectively required to deliver to such alien a certificate of his customs.

or herdeclaration made in writing, or verbally, containing all

the particulars in such declaration contained.

1XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to in-

in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to cludemariners certified to be

any mariner, whom the master or commander of any ship or employed in

vessel, arriving in any port or place in this kingdom, shall cer- the navigation

tify to such collector , comptroller, or other chief officer of the of vessfels .

customs in writing, subscribed by such master or commander, to

be actually engaged and employed in the navigation of such ship

or vessel, during the time that such mariner shall remain so ac-

tually engaged and employed, and which certificate in writing,

so subscribed as aforesaid, every such master or commander as

aforesaid is hereby required to give ; and if any such master shall Masters re-

refuse to give such certificate as aforesaid to any person entitled fufing to give

thereto, it shall be lawful for such person to apply to any justice such certifi

cates liable to

of the peace, who may thereupon summon such master as afore- penalty.

said , and if on hearing what shall be alleged and proved by each

party , such justice shall be of opinion that such certificate ought

tobe granted, and such master shall nevertheless refuse to grant

the fame , it shall be lawful for such justice to fine such master in

any sum not exceeding fifteen pounds, to the use of his Majesty ; and

1000 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. [1803.

and on non- payment thereof , to commit such master to prison

for any time not exceeding one month.

Γ.Σ

Arms tobe

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful

seised if at-

tempted tobe

for any alien, so arriving, to import or bring into this kingdom

brought by

any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition whatever, other

aliens other

than as merchandize, and as such subject to the laws in force at

than as merchandize.

the time of such importation, respecting the importation of such

arms or ammunition respectively, as merchandize; and that it

shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's officers of the customs

to take into his or their custody any weapons, arms, gunpowder,

or ammunition, which shall be attempted to be imported or

brought into this kingdom in any manner contrary to this act,

taking an account thereof , which account shall specify the persons by whom the same were respectively brought ; and that such

weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition shall remain at the

King'sdisposal, or at the disposal of the lord-lieutenant or chief

governor, if in Ireland.

His Majesty maydirect aliens to land

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, when and so often as

his Majesty , his heirs and successors, shall think it necessary for

at particular places only.

the safety or tranquility of the kingdom, by his or their procla-

mation or order in council, to direct that aliens, of any description therein mentioned, shall not be landed in this kingdom, or

shall not be landed except at such places and under such regulations as shall be in such proclamation or order expressed, then

and in every such case, the master or commander of every ship

or vessel or boat , having any such alien or aliens on board, shall

not suffer any such alien or aliens to land within any part of

this kingdom contrary to such proclamation or order in council,

unless by the express permission of his Majesty, signified under

the hand of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state ;

Penalty on

and every such master or commander wilfully neglecting to con-

1

masters for

form to any of the directions or regulations contained in such

acting con-

proclamation or order shall forfeit forty pounds for every alien

trary hereto , so landed, to be recovered before one or more of his Majesty's

justices of the peace, one moiety thereof to be to the informer

or informers, and the other to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors ; and such ship or vessel from on board of which any such

alien or aliens shall so land, and every other vessel or boat used

in landing any such alien or aliens, shall and may be seisedby

any officer or officers of the customs or excise , and the same

respectively shall, on proof that such offence was wilfully committed contrary to the provision of this act, be forfeited, together

with all tackle, apparel, ammunition, and furniture thereunto

respectively belonging.

No aliens to

depart from

placeof arrivalwithout

apassport.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no alien so arriving

shall depart from the place in which he or she shall so have arrived, except for the purpose of making such declaration as

herein before required to the collector, comptroller , or other

chief officer of the customs as aforesaid, or for the purpose of

obtaining such passport as is hereinafter mentioned, without pre-

viously obtaining a passport from the mayor or other chief ma- gistrate

لا

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. 100Ι

gistrate of such place, or from one justice of the peace for the

county or district in which the fame may be situated , in which

passport shall be expressed the name and rank, occupation or description of such alien, as declared by him or her to such officer

of the customs as aforesaid, and also the town or place to which

such alien purposes to go, and such mayor, magistrate, or justice

ishereby required to give such passport on application made to

him for that purpose, and on production of the certificate of his

or her declaration as aforesaid, provided that such town or place ,

1

to which such alien proposes to go, shall not be a town or place

from which such alien is restrained from going by any such pro-

clamation or order as is herein mentioned, and provided that

such alien shall not have landed in this kingdom contrary to any

such proclamation or order in council as is herein mentioned :

provided always, that if any such mayor, magistrate, or justice, Passports may

shall see reason to refuse to grant such passport , it may be lawful berefused , &c.

for him to withhold the same, and to commit such alien to the

commongoal or other publick prison, or to detain such alien in

such custody as such mayor, magistrate, or justice shall think fit,

until he shall have transmitted to his Majesty's secretary of state,

or secretary to the lieutenant or chief governor of Ireland, a

statement in writing of the circumstances which shall have in-

duced him so to withhold such passport, and to commit such

alien (which statement he is hereby in every such case directed

and required forthwith to transmit), and until he shall have re-

ceived the directions of such secretary of state, or secretary to

the lieutenant or chief governor of Ireland, as to granting or

withholding such passport ; and upon the receipt of such direction ,

such mayor, justice, or magistrate shall act accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as Aliens want-

any alien, except the domestick servants of any of his Majesty's ing to change

their abode,

natural-born subjects, or of such as shall have had letters-patent to obtain

ofdenization, or been naturalized by act of parliament , being passports .

actually attendant on their respective masters, who shall have

arrived in this kingdom since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein

at any time during the present hostilities, shall be desirous to

change the place of his or her usual residence, or to quit the

town or place at which such alien shall have arrived by virtue

of his or her first passport, such alien shall obtain from the mayor

or chief magistrate, or any justice of the peace for the county,

town, place, or district in which such alien shall be resident, a

passport, in which shall be expressed the name and description of

such alien, in the manner hereinbefore provided, and also the

name of the town or place to which such alien shall propose to

remove ; and such mayor, chief magistrate, or justice, is hereby

required to give such passport, on application made to him for

that purpose by such alien : provided always, that every such

alien shall, at the time of making such application, exhibit to

such magistrate or justice the passport by virtue of which such

alien arrived in such county , district, town, or place in which

he

1002 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 155. [1803.

he or she shall be resident ; or if such alien shall not have arrived

therein by virtue of any passport, a certificate from the magif-

trate or justice, or other person to whom such alien shall have

delivered an account of his or her name and description in the

manner hereinafter provided.

6.XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

Magistrates empowered to the mayor or chief magistrate, or for any justice of the peace of

cause aliens

to exhibit

any county, city, town, place, or district within this kingdom,

their paff- to require of any alien who shall have arrived in this kingdom

ports, and to after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and

committhem ninety-two, or thall arrive at any time during the continuance

in certain

of this act (except such domestick servants as aforesaid), and

cafes, &c.

who shall be passing through or be found in such county, city,

town, place , or district, to exhibit to such mayor, magistrate, or

justice , his or her passport, which he or she is hereby required to

exhibit accordingly ; and in default thereof , or in case it shall

appear thereby that such alien is not in his or her way to such

town or place as is therein expressed, and such mayor, magistrate,

orjustice shall fee cause to suspect that such alien is not bonâfide

proceeding to such town or place as aforesaid, or in case such

mayor, magistrate, or justice shall fee cause to suspect that such

alien landed in this kingdom contrary to any such proclamation

or order in council as is herein mentioned, such mayor, magif-

trate, or justice, may commit such alien to the common goal or

other publick prison, or detain such alien in such custody, as such

mayor, magistrate, or justice may think proper, until notice

thereof be sent by such mayor, magistrate, or justice, to one of

his Majesty's principal secretaries ofstate , or to the secretary of

the lord- lieutenant or chief governor if in Ireland, which notice

such mayor, magistrate, or justice, is hereby required forthwith

to transmit; and until sufficient time shall have been allowed for

the transmission of his Majesty's, or lord-lieutenant or chief go-

vernor's pleasure, and unless his Majesty, or lord-lieutenant or

chief governor aforesaid, thall thereupon within twenty- one days

signify his pleasure that such alien shall be discharged, or shall

direct in manner herein mentioned that such alien shall depart

the realm, it shall and may be lawful for such mayor, magistrate ,

or justice, to cause such alien to be committed to the common

goal, without bail or mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered

by due course of law.

Penalty on XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

persons forg- fons whatever, whether alien or not, shall, either for his own use

ingpassports , or for the use of any other person, wilfully forge, counterfeit, or

&c. all

alter, or cause to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or

utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered,

any passport, certificate, licence, or allowance of time to obtain

any licence or passport in this act mentioned, or if any person

shall obtain such passport, or certificate or licence, or allowance

oftime to obtain any licence or passport, under any other name

or description than that which he or she shall have declared to

such custom- house officer, or to any such mayor, magistrate, or justice ,

4

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. 1003

justice , as are herein mentioned , or shall falsely pretend to be

the person mentioned in such passport, or certificate, licence, or

allowance of time as aforesaid, such person or persons shall, for

every such offence, on conviction thereof in his Majesty's court

ofKing'sbench, orany court of Oyer and Terminer, goal delivery ,

orgreat sessions, or in the justiciary court in Scotland, or in any

courtof record in Ireland, be adjudged to be imprisoned, and

shall be imprisoned in the common goal for any time not ex-

ceedingthree months, and if such person shall be an alien, shall

also be adjudged, at the expiration of that time, to depart out of

this realm within a time to be limited by such judgement ; and

if such person or persons be found therein after such time in such

judgement so limited, without lawful cause , he or she shall, being

dulyconvicted thereof , be transported for seven years.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty His Majesty

shall be advised that it may be dangerous to the security of the may order

aliens to be

kingdom to fend any alien out of the kingdom, it shall be lawful detained in

for his Majesty , by warrant under his sign manual, or by war- custody.

rantunder the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal

secretaries of state, to order such alien to be detained in custody

in this kingdom, in such place and in such manner as his Majesty shall think fit, and until his Majesty shall give other order

to the contrary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty ,

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or such lord-lieutenant or &c. mayorder

the residence

chief governor as aforesaid for the time being, by his or their of aliens to be

proclamation or order in council, or under the royal sign manual, at particular

to order and direct any alien or aliens who shall have arrived places .

within this kingdom since the first day of January one thousand

seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during

the present hostilities, other than the domestick servants of any

of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or of such as thall have

had letters-patent of denization, or naturalized by act of parliament, actually and bonâfide employed in the service of their respective masters, to dwell and reside respectively in any such dif-

trict or districts, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall

think necessary for the publick security; and if any such alien Penalty for

( except as hereinbefore excepted ) being fo ordered and directed , disobedience.

shall dwell, or shall be found to be or have been in any part of

this kingdom, other than such district or districts as aforesaid, in

breach of such proclamation or orders respectively , it shall and

may be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of

state , or the secretary of such lord-lieutenant or chief governor

as aforesaid, or for any justice of the peace, or any such mayor

orchief magistrate as aforesaid, to cause such alien to be arrested;

and if it shall appear to such principal secretary of state, or secre-

tary to such lord- lieutenant, or to such justice , mayor, or chief

magistrate, that such alien did knowingly and wilfully depart

out of such district or districts in breach of such proclamation or

orders respectively, such alien shall be committed to the common

goal, there to be detained without bail or mainprize; and if any such

1004 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 155. [1803 .

such alien, except as hereinbefore excepted, shall be duly convicted before any one or more justices of the peace as aforesaid,

of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or residing, or being found

to be or of having been in any place in this kingdom, in breach

of such proclamation or orders respectively as aforesaid, he or she

shall be adjudged by such justices to be imprisoned, and shall be

imprisoned for any time not exceeding six months.

Aliens to give XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

an account of his Majesty , his heirs and successors, or for such lord-lieutenant

all their wea- or chief governor aforesaid, for the time being , by his or their

pons, &c. on

Denalty of proclamation or order in council, or under the royal sign manual,

imprisonment. to order and direct that all aliens shall at such time or times as

shall be specified for that purpose in such order or proclamation,

give to some neighbouring magistrate a full and true account of

all weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition which shall be

in their respective possession, or in the possession of others for or

at their use or disposal ; and every such alien shall , within the

time or times specified in such proclamation or order, deliver up

to such magistrate all such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and am-

munition, except such only for the keeping of which they shall

have obtained licence under the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or secretary of such lord-

lieutenant or chief governor, during the time such licence shall

be in force ; and that it shall not be lawful for any alien , subsequent to the delivery of such account, to buy or to have in his

or her possession, or in the possession ofothers for or at his or

her use or disposal, any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammu-

nition, except as hereinbefore excepted; and that any such person

wilfully neglecting to give such account, or giving a false account,

or wilfully neglecting to deliver up such weapons, arms, gun-

powder, or ammunition, or forging, counterfeiting, or altering,

or causing to be forged, counterfeited, or altered , or uttering,

knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any

such licence, or buying or knowingly having in his or her pof-

session, or in the possession of others for or at his or her use or

disposal, any other weapons , arms, gunpowder, or ammunition,

contrary to this act, shall, on conviction thereof before any one

or more justices of the peace, be imprisoned at the discretion of

such justice for any time not exceeding one month.

Houses of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

aliens maybe any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state in Great Britain,

searched.

or secretary to such lord- lieutenant or chief governor in Ireland ,

or for any one or more justices of the peace, or any mayor or

chief magistrate as aforesaid, by warrant under their respective

hands and seals , to cause any house rented or occupied by any

aliens aforesaid , and also any house in which any such alien shall

be a lodger or inmate, such inmate not being a domestick fer-

vant of any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, and of persons

who shall have had letters-patent of denization, or been naturalized by act of parliament, resident in such house, to be searched

in the day-time, and in the presence of a peace- officer, in order

to

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 155. 1005

to discover whether any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammu-

nition, be therein concealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty,

his Majesty , by his royal proclamation or proclamations, or for &c . may require aliens

such lord-lieutenant or chief governor aforesaid, by any procla- to register

mation or proclamations to be issued for that purpose , from time themselves,

to time, to require and command every alien who shall then be and obtain

in , or shall hereafter come into this kingdom, to register himselflicences of

or herself in the manner hereinafter mentioned, with such person

residence.

or persons, and in such district or districts, as by any proclama-

tion shall be appointed, and within such time or times as in such

proclamation or proclamations shall be required, and thereupon

to obtain from such person or persons as shall be appointed for

that purpose, licence to such alien to reside within this kingdom,

either generally in any part thereof without restriction, or spe-

cially in such place or places, and under such restrictions or

conditions, as to his Majesty, or lord- lieutenant or chief gover-

nor, shall seem fit ; which licence shall either be without limita-

tion in point of time, or shall endure for such space of time as

shall therein be expressed, and no longer ; but every such licence

shall be capable of being revoked, and if limited in point of time,

shall be capable of being renewed and continued at such times

and in such manner as in such licence, or from time to time by

any such proclamation or order, shall be directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being Penalty on

an alien, shall be found at large in Great Britain after the time being being atlarge

in any such proclamation to be limited for obtaining such licence without li-

as aforesaid by such person, such person not having obtained

cence.

such licence as aforesaid, or an allowance of time unexpired to

obtain such licence, and not being exempted from the obligation

to deliver such account as aforesaid, by this act, or by any such

proclamation or order, or by special warrant from one of his

Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or secretary of such lord-

lieutenant or chief governor, such person being thereof lawfully

convicted, shall and may , at the discretion of the justices of the

peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted, be adjudged

to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding six months.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person If the persons

authorised to grant such licences as aforesaid, and to whom ap- authorised to

plication shall be made for any fuc such licence as aforesaid, shall grant licence

fit to

✓ think fit to refuse to give such licence to any alien who shall resuse them,

apply for the fame , such alien so applying for such licence shall the parties to

be forthwith conveyed before one of his Majesty's justices of the be committed,

until the cir-peace , and committed to prison for fafe custody, or to the custody cumstances

of one of his Majesty's messengers or other person appointed for shall be cer-

that purpose, until the circumstances relating to the cafe of such tified to the

☐alien shall have been certified to one of his Majesty's secretaries secretary of

of state, which shall be done without delay; but it shall be law. state, &c .

✓ful for such secretary of state in any such case, either to direct

that such licence shall be granted, or that such alien shall be

conveyed out of this kingdom, by warrant from one of his Majesty's

1006 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. [ 1803 .

jesty's principal secretaries of state, or secretary of such lord-

lieutenants or chief governors : provided always, that it shall be

sell lawful for the person authorised to grant such licence, and to

whom application for the same shall have been made, if he shall

think fit, to give such alien further time for the purpose of obtaining such licence, and in that case to signify the allowance of

such further time by writing under his hand and seal, specifying

the time allowed for obtaining such licence, during which time

the alien, to whom such time shall have been so allowed, shall

and may reside within this kingdom in the same manner as if

such licence had been obtained: provided nevertheless, that he or

she shall during such time reside in such place or within such dif-

trict as shall be expressed for that purpose in such writing allowing

further time as aforesaid, and not elsewhere.

Licences tobe

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any alien hav-

forfeited if

aliens found

ing such licence as aforesaid, or such allowance of further time

out of their

to obtain a licence as aforesaid , shall at anytime after be at large

districts .

in Great Britain in any place not being the place or district

within which such alien shall be allowed to reside as aforesaid , or

shall be found not to have complied with the restrictions or conditions (if any) under which such licence or allowance shall have

been granted, such licence or allowance shall be forfeited and de-

termined, and such alien shall be liable to all such penalties as he

or the would have been subject to if no such licence or allow-

ance had been granted.

Fresh licences

may be grant

ed inlieuof

licences loft.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such licence

or allowance of further time to obtain a licence shall be loft,

mislaid, or destroyed, it shall be lawful for any person or persons

authorised to grant such licence or allowance of further time as

aforesaid, upon proof on oath to his or their satisfaction, that such

licence or allowance of further time has been so loft, mislaid, or

destroyed, to grant a fresh licence or allowance of further timeto

obtain a licence, stating the former licence or allowance ; and

the reason ofgranting such fresh licence or allowance shall be of

like force as the instrument so loft, mislaid, or destroyed.

No alien to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

quit the realm passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any alien to leave this

withoutapaff- kingdom, without a passport for that purpose first obtained from

port , and pe-

nalty on ma- one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or secretary of

sters taking such lord-lieutenant or chief governor of Ireland , or from some

such on board person authorised by his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant or

without .

chief governor, to grant such passport, which passport shall be

produced to the proper officer of his Majesty's customs, at the

port or place where such alien shall embark for the purpose of

leaving this kingdom; which officer, being satisfied that the per-

To

fon producing such passport is the person to whom the same was

granted, and who was intended to be named and described there-

in, shall allow such passport, and shall certify such allowance by

making the fame on such passport, and signing the same, with

the date of such allowance ; and such passport , with such allow-

ance thereon, shall be produced to the master or person having the

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. 1007

thecharge or care of the ship or vessel in which such alien shall hi

A

be permitted to embark on board any ship or vessel for the purpose of leaving this kingdom ; and if any alien shall embark on

board any ship or vessel in order to leave this kingdom, not hav-

ing obtained such passport as aforesaid, and such allowance there-

of , signed by the proper officer of the customs as aforesaid, with

theknowledge , privity , and consent of the master or of the per-

fonhaving at the time the command, charge, or care of such

armholes

vessel, every such master or person having the command, charge,

or care of such ship or vessel, knowing him to be such alien,

shall, on conviction thereof before one or more justices of the

peace of any county, or mayor or chief magistrate of any city,

town, or place, forfeit and lose the fum of fifty pounds, one

moiety whereof shall go to the informer, and the other moiety

to his Majesty , his heirs and fuccessors ; and in case any such

master or person having the command, charge, or care of such

ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay

such penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid,

it shall be lawful for such officer of the customs as aforesaid to

detain such ship or vessel until the same shall have been paid ; and

every such alien who shall embark on board any ship or vessel,

with intent to leave this kingdom, not having previously obtained such passport as aforesaid, and such allowance thereof , signed

bythe proper officer of the customs as aforesaid, being thereof

lawfully convicted before any one or more justices of the peace,

shall, at the discretion of such justices, be adjudged to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding two months : provided

always nevertheless, that it shall not be necessaryfor any mariner

actually engaged and employed in the navigation of any ship or

vessel , during the time that such mariner shall be actually so en-

gaged or employed, to obtain any such passport as aforesaid ; but

such mariner shall and may be permitted to embark on board

such ship or vessel for the purpose of leaving this kingdom, in

the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That aliens abiding in Aliens having

this kingdom, who have quitted their respective countries by quitted France

on account of

reason of any resolution or troubles in France, or in countries the late trou

conquered by the arms of France, shall not be liable to be arrest- bles, not lia-

ed, imprisoned, or held to bail, or to find any caution for their ble to be ar-

forth -coming or paying any debt, nor to be taken in execution rested for

debts con- T

on anyjudgement, nor by any caption for or by reason of any tracted be-

debt or other cause of action, contracted or arising in any parts yond feas

beyond the seas, other than the dominions of his Majesty, while other than the

such aliens were not within the said dominions of his Majesty; and dominions of

his Majesty .

incase any such alien shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned, or held to bail, or taken in execution on a judgement,

or by caption, contrary to the intent of this act, such alien shall

bedischarged therefrom by order of any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster or Dublin, or of the court of session in

Scotland, or of any judge of such courts in vacation time.

XXIX, And

1

1008 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. [1803.

Aliens not XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any alien

going accord- who shall have obtained a passport to leave this kingdom in pur-

ing topaff-

ports liable to fuance of this act, shall not proceed with due diligence to leave

penalty .

this kingdom according to such pafsport, such alien shall be liable

to all such penalties as he or she would have been subject to if no

such passport had been granted.

Persons receiving aliens

as lodgers,

to require

them topro-

duce licence ,

and to send a

copy to juf-

tices,&c.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

end of ten days after the passing of this act, every person who

shall receive into his or her house or apartment, for the purpose

of lodging or residing therein for more than twenty-four hours,

any alien who ought to procure a licence to reside in this king-

dom, in pursuance of this act, shall require such alien to produce

such licence, or an allowance of time to obtain such licence, or

a passport for such alien to leave this kingdom, and to deliver a

copy of such licence, allowance oftime, or passport, before such

person shall receive such alien into his or her house or apartment,

to lodge or reside therein for more than twenty- four hours, and

shall, within twenty-four hours after such alien shall have come

to lodge or reside in such house or apartment, deliver such copy

of such licence, or of such allowance of further time to obtain a

licence or passport, to anyjustice of the peace or constable resid-

ing in or near the parish, township, or place, where such house

or apartment shall be situate , and also to the overseer or over-

seers of the poor of the said parish, township, or place, in England ,

and to the schoolmaster of the said parish or place in Scotland ,

with a notice that the alien named therein did come to lodge or

reside in such house or apartment on a day in such notice to be

specified, which shall be the very day on which such alien ac-

tually came to lodge or reside in such house or apartment ; and

if any person shall knowingly receive into his or her house or

apartment, to lodge or reside therein as aforesaid , any such alien

not producing fsuch licence, or allowance of time to obtain a li-

cence or passport, or not delivering a copy thereof as aforesaid,

or shall neglect to deliver such copy , with such notice as aforesaid, written thereon, to such justice or constable, overseer or

schoolmaster as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every person

so offending shall forfeit and lose a sum not exceeding ten pounds,

one moiety whereof shall go to the informer, and the other

moiety to the poor of the parish, township, or place, where such

house or apartment shall be situate.

Persons hav-

ing any alien

lodgers, to

givenotice .

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every person who

shall, after the passing of this act , have any alien lodging or re-

fiding in his or her house or apartment, shall, within ten days

after the passing of this act, deliver to any such justice or consta-

ble , and to overseers and schoolmasters, notice in writing, describing such alien by his or her name, and specifying the time

when such alien first came to lodge or reside in his house or

apartment ; and if any person shall knowingly have received in

his or her house or apartment any such alien , not having given

notice thereof as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every per

son so offending shall forfeit and lose a fum not exceeding ten

BRA XIXX pounds ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C.155. 1009

pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the informer, and the

other moiety to the poor of the parish, township, or place, where

such house or apartment shall be situate .

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That true copies of all Copies of such

such notices, which shall be so delivered to any such justices or notices to be

constables as aforesaid, shall, in London and within the bills of

sent to quar-

ter sessions .

mortality, be transmitted once in every week to any officer appointed for that purpose, and in every other part of the kingdom

be transmitted four times in every year ; that is to say, on the

1

first of December, the first of March, the first day of February,

and the first day of September in each year, to the clerk of the

peace for the county, riding, stewartry, city, or place, in which

such house or apartment shall be situate ; and the same shall be

laid by such clerk of the peace before the justices of the peace at

their next quarterly sessions of the peace for such county , riding,

stewartry, city, or place, and shall by them be certified to one of

his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or secretary to such

lord -lieutenant or chief governor aforesaid, if in Ireland; and

suchjustices shall from time to time make at their quarterly sef-

fions, such order or orders in the premises , as may be necessary for

the due observance and execution of the several provisions herein

contained, by such justices , constables, and clerks of the peace

respectively.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Mayors, &c.

the lord- mayor and mayors, or any one or more of the alder- to transmit

menof the cities of London and Dublin, and for any one or more to secretary

ofstate an

of his Majesty's justices of the peace for any county, riding, account of

stewartry , city, or place, being specially authorised by one of his their pro-

Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or by such secretary of the ceedings .

lord-lieutenant or chief governor aforesaid, by warrant under his

hand and seal, or generally authorised by order of his Majesty in

council, or any mayor or chief magistrate, or other magistrate or

magistrates of any city, borough, or town corporate, so autho

rised , to cause any alien whom he or they shall have cause to

suspect to be a dangerous person, to be taken into custody and

examined, and either to discharge or to detain such alien in cuf-

tody as thall appear adviseable ; and if it shall appear fit to detain such alien in custody, it shall be lawful for such mayor, al-

derman, or chief magistrate, or other magistrate or magistrates,

or such justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand

and seal or hands and seals, to order such alien to be detained

in custody until his Majesty's pleasure shall be known, there to

remain without bail or mainprize : provided nevertheless, that in

every such case every such mayor, alderman, chief magistrate or

magistrates, justice or justices shall, and he and they is and are

hereby directed and required , forthwith to transmit an account

of his or their proceedings touching such alien, and of the reasons

for which he shall have thought fit to detain such alien, to one

of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or secretary of the

lord-lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, in order and to

the end that his Majesty, or such lord-lieutenant, or chief go-

VOL. XLIV. 3 T vernor

1010 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 155. [1803.

vernor or governors, may determine what may be fit to be done

thereon ; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under

his sign manual, or for such lord-lieutenant or chief governor,

by order under his hand, or by warrant under the hand and

seal of any one of his principal secretaries of state, or the secre-

tary of such lord-lieutenant or chief governor, either to direct

that such alien shall be discharged, or ordered out of the

kingdom .

Act not to

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

extend to

foreign am-

no foreign ambassador or other publick minister duly authorised,

bassadors or

nor the domestick servants of any such foreign ambassador or

their servants. publick minister, registered according to the directions of the laws

in force for that purpose, and being actually attendant upon such

ambassador or minister, shall be deemed an alien within the

Act not to

meaning of this act.

XXXV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained

extend to

acts doneby

shall effect any alien in respect of any act done, or omitted to be

persons under done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the

14 years of

age of fourteen years at the time when such act was so done, or

age.

omitted to be done.

Proof to lie XXXVI. Provided always, That if any question shall arise

on the alien. whether any person alleged to be an alien, and subject to the

provisions of this act, or any of them, is an alien or not, or is

not an alien subject to the said provisions, or any of them, the

proof that such person is, or by law is to be deemed to be a natural-

born subject of his Majesty, or denizen of this kingdom, or na-

turalized by act of parliament, or if an alien, is not subject to

the provisions in this act contained, or any of them, by reason

of any exception contained in this act, or which shall be expressed

in any proclamation or order in council as aforesaid, or in any

special warrant from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of

state, or from the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, or his or their chief secretary as aforesaid , shall

lie on the person so alleged to be an alien, and to be subject to

Prosecutions

the provisions of this act, some or one of them.

to be by in-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all prosecutions

dictment.

against any aliens for any offence made punishable by this act as

felony, or by transportation for years or for life, shall be by in-

dictment or information in his Majesty's court of King's-bench

at Westminster or in Dublin, or in any court of Oyer and Terminer,

gaol delivery in England or Ireland, or great sessions in Wales, or

justiciary court in Scotland, and not elsewhere ; any thing in this

Aliens ad-

act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in

judged to be transported ,

which any person shall be adjudged to be transported in pursuance

shall be fent

to places to

of this act, the transportation shall be adjudged to be and shall be

to such place or places as his Majesty, with the advice of his

be appointed

privy council in Great Britain, or the lord-lieutenant, or other

byhisMa-

jesty, &c.

chief governor or governors of Ireland , and privy council of Ireland, shall direct or appoint.

XXXIX. And

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. 1011

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any person, Punishing

ordered or adjudged to be transported for life in pursuance ofthispersons fen-

tenced for

act, shall escape out of custody previous to such sentences of tranf- transporta-

portation being carried into execution, or shall, after having been tion found

transported, be found at large within this realm, he or she shall within the

be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon with - realm .

out benefit of clergy.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Justices of

cafe in which power is given by this act to commit any alien to courts of

record may

gaol, without bail or mainprize, or which power is given to send admit aliens

any alien out of the kingdom, and such person shall for that pur- to bail .

pose be taken by or delivered to any person or persons for that

purpose, or in which any person is committed, either for safe

custody or otherwise, until such alien can be fent out of the king-

dom, it shall and may be lawful for any of the justices of his

Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or in Dublin, or for

any of the barons in Great Britain or Ireland, being of the de-

gree of the coif , or for the lord-justice- clerk, or any of the commissioners of justiciary in Scotland , if upon application made he

on they shall see sufficient cause to presume that such person is

not within the description limited by this act, in the different

cases herein mentioned, to admit such person to bail, he or the

giving sufficient security for his or her appearance to answer the

matters alleged against him or her, and to be present at the trial of

anyindictment to be preferred against him as hereinafter is directed.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Justices act-

shall be lawful for any justice to admit any alien to bail who ing under

mall have been committed by virtue of this act , such justice authority of

secretary of

being authorised so to do by warrant of one of his Majesty's statemay

principal secretaries of state, or of the lord-lieutenant, or other admit aliens

chiefgovernor or governors of Ireland, or his or their chief secre- to bail .

tary for that purpose, specifying the security to be taken by such

justice.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when any such alien Alien bailed

shall have been so admitted to bail as aforesaid, it shall be lawful maybe in-

for his Majesty's attorney-general to cause an indictment to be dicted, and

ifverdict

preferred , or an information to be filed against such alien, stating against him,

the offence against this act, if any such shall have been committed; committed,

or ifno such offence has been committed, then stating only that and sent out

such person is an alien, and within the provisions of this act, try .

of the coun-

and that it appeared expedient to send such person out of this

realm ; and that such alien, on being committed for that purpose, hath refused to go, and been admitted to bail ; and such

alien shall forthwith appear, and plead to such indictment or in-

formation, without any imparlance or delay ; and if a verdict

shall be given thereon against such alien, such alien shall there-

upon be immediately committed by the court, or may, if not

present, be taken by any warrant of any judge of the court in

which such indiament or information shall lie, for safe custody,

until such alien can be sent out of the realm under the provisions

of this act. "

3T2 XLIII. And

1012 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 155. [1803 .

For recovery XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe-

ofpenalties. nalties by this act imposed, exceeding the sum of forty pounds,

shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or in

Dublin, or the courts of great sessions in Wales, or the courts of

the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, or by

action, or summary bill or information in the courts ofjusticiary

or exchequer in Scotland, as the case shall require, wherein no

essoign, privilege, protection, or wager of law, nor more than

one imparlance shall be allowed ; and all pecuniary penalties by

this act imposed, not exceeding the sum of forty pounds, shall

on conviction of the offender, upon oath before any justice of

the peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city , town, or place,

where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and

sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the

hand andfeal of such justice, rendering to such offender the over-

plus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such dif-

tress and sale; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice is

hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of

the county, riding , stewartry, city, town, or place, where such

offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding three

months ; and that no writ of certiorari, or of advocation or fuf-

pension, shall be allowed to remove the proceedings of the said

justice touching the pecuniary penalties aforesaid, or to supersede

the execution or other proceedings thereupon .

Parishioners

may be witnesses.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of

any parish, township, or place, shall be deemed and taken to be

competent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission

of any offence against this act, within the limits of such parish,

township, or place, notwithstanding any part of the penalty in-

curred by such offence is given or applicable to the poor of such

parish , township, or place.

Limitation of

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

actions .

fons shall at any time be fued or prosecuted for any any thing by him

or them done or executed in pursuance or by colour of this act ,

or of any matter or thing therein contained, such action or pro-

fecution shall be commenced within the space of twelve calendar

General issue. months next after the offence shall be committed; and such

person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give

the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if

upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants ,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall dif-

continue his or their suit or prosecution, or if judgement be

given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer or other-

Treble costs. wife, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him

or them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs .

Powers given

XLVI. Provided nevertheless , and it is hereby further enact-

to the lord-

ed, That the powers and authorities given by this act to the

lieutenant,

&c. not to ex- lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland ,

tend to Great or his or their chief secretary, or to the privy council of Ireland ,

Britain ; and shall not extend or be held or deemed to extend to the case of

tomaginot to any alien arriving or being in that part of this realm or united kingdom

1803.] Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 156. 1013

kingdom called Great Britain ; and that the powers and autho- extendbeyond

theirjurif-

rities given by this act to anyjustice of the peace, mayor, or dictions.

chiefmagistrate of any city, town, or place, shall not extend or

be construed to extent to give such magistrates any authority to

act beyond the limits of their respective jurisdictions ; any thing

in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall conti- Continuance

nue in force until three months after the ratification ofa definitive of act.

treaty ofpeace.

CAP. CLVI.

An act to enable the commissioners ofbis Majesty's treasury of Great

Britain to contractfor the purchase of the duties ofprisage and but-

lerage of wines.-[August 12, 1803. ]

W THEREAS bis Majesty in right of his duchy of Lancaster is

or claims to be entitled to the prisage and butlerage of all

wines brought into the port of Liverpool, and all ports, havens, creeks,

rivers and other places within the county palatine of Lancaster, and

which have been granted out upon lease for lives nowfubfifting : and

whereas his royal highness George Prince of Wales and duke of

Cornwall , is or claims to be entitled to the prisage and butlerage of

allwines brought into any of the ports, havens, creeks, rivers, and

other places within the county of Cornwall, and into the port ofPly-

mouth in the county ofDevon, which have been granted out upon

lease for lives : and whereas the most noble Henry duke of Beaufort is

or claims to be entitled to the prisage and butlerage of all wines brought

into the ports of Swansea and Chepstow in the principality ofWales :

and whereas the right honourable John marquis of Bute is or claims

to be entitled to the prisage and butlerage of all wines brought into the

port ofCardiff in the said principality of Wales : and whereas the

most noble Augustus Henry duke of Grafton is or claims to be entitled

to the prisage and butlerage ofall wines brought into any ports, havens ,

creeks , rivers, or other places in any port of England, not being within

the principality of Wales, or earldom of Chester, other than except

the port of Liverpool, and other ports, havens, creeks , rivers, and

places in the county palatine of Lancaster, and except the port ofPly-

mouth in the county of Devon, and all the ports, havens, creeks,

rivers, and places in the county ofCornwall: and whereas the commif-

fioners appointed to examine, take, and state the publick accounts of the

kingdom in their report made in the year one thousand Seven hundred

and eighty- five , stated as their opinion that it would tend to uniformity

in the collection and application of the revenue of customs, if the prisage

dutieswere, by the consent of the grantees, to be re-vested in the crown

for the publick Service : and whereas theselect committee of finance appointed by the house of commons in their fourth report made in the year

one thousand seven hundred and ninety - seven, strongly recommended that

the prisage and butlerage duties on wines should be re-vested in the

crown, if the consent of the grantees could be obtained ; be it therefore

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons ,

1014 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 156. [1803 .

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-

The treasury rity of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the com-

maytreat with missioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or

the chancel- any three or more of them, or the lord high- treasurer for the time

lor and coun-

cil of thedu- being, on the behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to

chy of Lancaf- treat, contract, and agree with the chancellor and council of the

ter, &c. for duchy of Lancaster, on the behalf of his Majesty, and with the

the purchase lessee or lessees of the said duchy, for the absolute purchase and

of their right

in the prisage surrender of the estate, right , title, and interest of his Majesty in

and butlerage right of his said duchy, and of such lessee or lessees, of and in the

of wines prisage and butlerage of wines brought into the said port of Li-

brought into

Liouspool & c .verpool, and all other ports, havens, creeks, rivers, and other

for an annuity places within the said county palatine of Lancaster, and of all

to be charged the rights, privileges , profits, and other advantages whatsoever

on the confo- thereunto belonging, for such annuity to be charged upon and to

lidated fund; be payable out of the consolidated fund at such times, and in

such manner, and upon and subject to such terms and conditions

for the redemption thereof , or otherwise relating thereto, as the

chancellor and council of the said duchy of Lancaster, and the

commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any

three or more of them, or the lord high-treasurer for the time

being, shall agree upon .

and mayalso

II. And be it further enacted , That it shall and may be law-

treatwith the

ful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the

Prince of

Wales for the

time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high-trea-

purchase of

furer for the time being , on the behalf of his Majesty, to treat,

his right as

contract , and agree with the council of his royal highness George

duke of Corn- Prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, on the behalf of his said

wall, in the royal highness , and with the lessee or lessees of the said duchy of

prisage and butlerage of Cornwall , for the absolute purchase ofall the estate, right, title, and

winesbrought interest of his said royal highness George Prince of Wales and duke

into any ports of Cornwall, and of such lessee or lessees, of and in the prisage and

within the

butlerage of all wines brought into any ports, havens, creeks,

county of Cornwall;

rivers, and other places within the county of Cornwall , and into

the port of Plymouth, in the county ofDevon, and ofall the rights ,

privileges , profits, and other advantages whatsoever thereunto

belonging, for such annuity to be charged upon and payable out

of the consolidated fund, at such times and in such manner, and

upon and subject to such terms and conditions for the redemption

thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, as the council of his said

royal highness George Prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, and

the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time

being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high- treasurer

for the time being shall agree upon .

and likewise

III. And be it further enacted , That it shall and may be law-

with the per-

ful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the

fons herein

time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high-trea-

mentioned,

for the pur-

furer for the time being, on behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

chase of their

cessors, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Augustus Henry

right in the

duke of Grafton, Henry duke of Beaufort, and John anarquis of

prisage and butlerage of

Bute respectively, for the absolute purchase or surrender of all such respective

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 157. 1015

respective estates , rights, titles, and interests as they, the said wines brought

Augustus Henry duke of Grafton, Henry duke of Beaufort, and into any port

of England or

John marquis of Bute, or any other persons claiming or to claim Wales, except

under or by virtue of the respective grants or letters - patent, under the places be-

which they respectively hold, have, or are or shall be entitled to fore mention-

claim, in and to the prisage and butlerage of wines brought into ed.

any ports, havens , creeks, rivers, and other places in England, or

in the principality of Wales, other than and except the port of

Liverpool , and all ports, havens, creeks , rivers , and places within

the county palatine of Lancaster ; and also except the port ofPly-

mouth ; and all the ports, havens , creeks, rivers , and places within

the county of Cornwall; and of all the rights, privileges, profits ,

and other advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging for such

annuities respectively, to be charged upon and payable out of the

consolidated fund, at such times and in such manner, and upon

and subject to such terms and conditions for the redemption

thereof , or otherwise relating thereto, as the commissioners of his

Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or

more of them, or the lord high-treasurer for the time being, shall

think fit, and as shall be agreed upon in that behalf .

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contracts to

contract which shall be entered into as aforesaid shall be carried be sanctioned

into effect, unless and until the same shall be sanctioned and con- byparliament.

firmed by parliament.

CAP. CLVII.

An act to make perpetual so much ofan act, made in the nineteenth

year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the the fur-

ther punishment of persons going armed or disguised, and to the re-

liefofofficers of the customs in informations uponseisures. [ August

12, 1803. ]

WHEREAS the law hereinafter mentioned has, by experience,

been found useful and beneficial , and is near expiring, and it is

expedient that the same should be made perpetual ; be it therefore

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

of the fame, Thatso much of an act, made in the nineteenth year So much of

of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, 19 Geo . 2 .

An attfor the further punishment of persons going armed or disguisedC. 34. as re

in defiance of the laws of customs or excise , and for indemnifying offenders furtherpu-

against those laws upon the terms therein mentioned ; and for the re- nithment of

liefof officers of the customs in informations upon seisures, as relates to persons going

the furtherpunishment of persons going armed or difguised in de- armed in de-

fiance of the laws of customs or excise, and to the relief ofofficers fiance of the

laws of cuf-of the customs in informations upon seisures, which was to con- toms or ex-

tinue in force for seven years from the twenty-fourth day of July cise, &c. made

one thousand seven hundred and forty-fix, and from thence to the perpetual.

end of the next session of parliament ; and which by several subsequent acts of the twenty -sixth and thirty-secondyears of the reign of

1016 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 159. [1803.

of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, eighteenth,

twenty- sixth, twenty-eighth, and thirty-sixth years of the reign

of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-

ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and

from thence to the end of the next session of parliament, shall be

and the fame is hereby made perpetual .

II. And , for the better and more impartial trial of any indictment

or information which shall befound , commenced , or prosecuted for any

of the offences made felony by the said recited acts, be it further enacted,

Offences may That every such offence shall and may be enquired of , examined,

betried inany tried, and determined in any county in England in such manner

county in England, &c . and form as if the fact had been therein committed ; provided

that no attainder for any of the offences made felony by the said

recited acts shall make or work any corruption of blood, loss of

dower, or forfeiture of lands or tenements .

CAP. CLVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the fum of fifty thousand pounds, for

building glebe- houses in Ireland.-[August 12 , 1803. ]

The lord-lieutenant may order 50,0001 , Irish currency to be issued out of

the consolidated fund of Ireland to the commissioners of first-fruits to be

advanced on loan to incumbents in the manner prescribed by 43 Geo. 3 .

c. 106. Securities for repayment of the money shall be taken as the

treasury, with the approbation of the lord-lieutenant, shalldirect.

CAP. CLIX.

An actforfettling and securing a certain annuity on William lord

Amherst, and the representatives of the late Jeffery lord Amherst,

in consideration of the eminentservices performed by him during his

command in America. -[August 12, 1803.]

Most gracious Sovereign ,

THEREAS your Majesty was graciously pleased , on the twenty-

Wfourth day at aroundred andfevement

one

refer to a committee of the lords of your Majesty's most honourable

privy council , the humble petition of fir Jeffery Amherst ( afterwards

Jeffery lord Amherst),setting forth , that your Majesty having been

graciouslypleased tofignify an intention of bestowing a mark of your

royalfavour in America on the petitioner , and praying your Majesty

to grant him the estates belonging to the Jesuits in Canada : and

whereas the right honourable the lords of thesaid committee of council ,

by their report to your Majesty of the second day of November one

thousand Seven hundred andfeventy, humbly reported as their opinion

to your Majesty, that it might be advisablefor your Majesty to comply

with the petitioner's request, and to direct your Majesty's attorney and

solicitor-general to prepare and lay before your Majesty in council for

your royal approbation, a draught of a proper instrument, in order to

be passed under the greatfeal of Great Britain for granting to the

petitioner the estates belonging to the Jesuits in Canada, reserving to

your Majesty, your heirs andfucccessors, for publick uses, the colleges

and chapels, with their apartments , which belonged to the society , in Quebec,

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 159. 1017

Quebec, Montreal, and Trois Riviere, the grantee engaging to

make satisfaction tofuch of the possessors as were in possession at the time

of the conquest : and whereas your Majesty in council was graciously

pleased to approve of the said report, and to order that your Majesty's

attorney and solicitor-general should prepare a draught of a proper

instrument, agreeable to what was proposed in the said report, and to

lay the fame before your Majesty in council ,for your royal approbation :

and whereas the said Jeffery lord Amherst , by his last will and

testament in writing, bearing date the twenty- fourth day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety- four, gave, amongst other estates,

the said estate of the Jesuits in Canada, which had been ordered to be

granted to him by your Majesty in council , to his nephew William

Pitt Amherst, now lord Amherst, for his naturallife , and to the issue

of his body lawfully begotten ; and in failure of such issue, the said

testator gave the whole of his estates to lieutenant-colonel Amherst of

bis Majesty's tenth regiment of foot, and deputy adjutant- general, and

to the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten ; and infailure of such

heirs male, he gave the whole of bis estates to his niece Elizabeth

Amherst, and her heirs for ever : and whereas the said Jeffery lord

Amherst died without revoking or altering his faidwill : and whereas

your Majesty, by your most gracious message to your most faithful commons, has been pleased to acquaint them that in consideration of the

eminentservices of thesaid Jeffery lord Amherst during his command

in America, and particularly in the reduction of the province ofCa-

nada, your Majesty was induced, subsequent to the war during which

thoseservices were rendered, to direct that a grant should be made to

bis lordship, his heirs andfuccessors, of a certain tract of land in that

province ; but that in consequence of difficulties arising from local

circumstances, your Majesty's intentions have not been carried into

effect , and that your Majesty relied with confidence on the justice and

liberality of your faithful commons, to make such compensation to the

representatives of the late lord Amberst as under the circumstances of

the cafe should appear to be adequate and proper : We, your Majesty's

mostdutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain and

Ireland in parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's

most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same, That one An annuity of

annuity, or yearly rent or fum of three thousand pounds of law- 3000l. per

ann. granted

ful money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of , for the pur-

and charged and chargeable upon, the consolidated fund of Great poses herein-

Britain (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum mentioned.

and fums of money as have been directed by any former act or

acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference

to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged

upon, or payable out of , the said fund) ; and the same shall from

time to time be paid quarterly to the right honourable John lord

Boringdon and John Campbell esquire, and their heirs and assigns ,

for ever, but nevertheless upon trust , to permit and suffer the fame

1018 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 159. [1803 .

same to be enjoyed by, and to make such conveyances or assign-

ments thereof , for the benefit of such person or persons, and for

such estate and estates, and with, under, and subject to such limi .

tations as the high court of chancery shall , upon any bill filed for

that purpose, direct, such court being hereby required to have

regard in any decree and directions to be made or given to what

shall appear to the said court to have been the real intent and

meaning of the said testator, with respect to the said estates in

Canada , as intended to be expressed concerning the same in the

said recited will, whether such will thall or shall not be deemed

in the law to be an effectual disposition thereof.

Commence-

mentofan-

nuity and

times of

payment.

II . And be it further enacted, That the said annuity, or yearly

rent or fum, shall commence and take effect from the fifth day of

January one thousand eight hundred and three, the first payment

whereof shall be made for three quarters of a year, on the tenth

day of October one thousand eight hundred and three, and shall

thereafter be paid and payable at the four usual days of payment

in the year, that is to say, the fifth day of January, the fifth day

of April , the fifth day of July , and the tenth day of October, by

even and equal portions.

The annuity

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may

tobe paid at

the exche-

be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury

quer, without now being, or any three or more of them, and the lord high-trea-

fees.

furer and under- treasurer of the exchequer, and commissioners

of the treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorised

and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor

of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being , to

make forth and pass debentures from time to time for paying the

said annuity or yearly rent or sum of three thousand pounds , as

the same shall from time to time become due and payable, with-

out any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the

same or any part thereof; which said warrant, and the debentures

to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the

exchequer now and for the time being for the payment of the

said annuity or yearly rent or fum, to the said the right honourable

John lord Boringdon and John Campbell esquire, or their heirs or

assigns, in trust as aforesaid, or to such other person or persons as

shall be entitled to receive the said annuity or any part thereof ,

at the respective quarterly feast days in this act before appointed

for payment thereof , without any further or other warrant to be

fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf .

The warrant

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of

forpayment such warrant , the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in law,

of the annuity according to the purport and true meaning thereof , and of this

not to

determinable act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the

upon thede- demise of his Majesty ( whom God long preserve) or of any of

mise of his

his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removalof any

Majesty, &c.

of the said commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high- trea-

furer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or

offices of them, or any of them.

V. And

1

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 159. 1019

V. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of the Commission-

treasury now being , and the high-treasurer for the time being, ers of the treasury,

chancellor and under-treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the chancellor of

exchequer, and all other the officers and ministers of the court of the exche-

exchequer, and of the receipt thereof , now and for thetime being, quer, &c. are

shall, and they are hereby authorised and strictly enjoined and todoall things

required to do, without fee or reward, all such acts , matters , and necessary for

things, as are herein-before directed and required, or shall be of this act,

execution

necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of without fees.

them, in order to render this act, and the several payments here-

by directed, effectual .

VI. And be it enacted, That the acquittance or acquittances, The receipt of

receipt or receipts, of the said the right honourable John lord persons en-

titled to re-

Boringdon and John Campbell esquire, their heirs or assigns, and ceive annuity

of such other person or persons as shall be entitled or authorised shall be a

to receive the said annuity or yearly rent or fum, or any part sufficient dif-

thereof , shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment charge.

thereof , without any further or other warrant to be sued for or

obtained in that behalf; and that the said annuity, or yearly rent Annuity to

or sum, and every part thereof , shall be free and clear from all be tax free.

taxes, impositions , and other publick charges whatsoever : and in How the

cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer annuity may

shall refuse or neglect to pay the said annuity or yearly rent or

be recovered.

fum, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and mean-

ing of this act, or to do any act necessary to enable the said right

honourable John lord Boringdon and John Campbell esquire, their

heirs and assigns, and such other person or persons as shall be

entitled to receive the said annuity, or any part thereof , to receive

the fame, then the said right honourable John lord Boringdon and

John Campbell esquire, their heirs and assigns and such other

person or persons as shall be entitled to receive the said annuity

or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof , may from time to time

sue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their

executors and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt,

and small or may recover judgements, and fue out executions

thereupon, against such officers respectively , their heirs , exe-

cutors, or administrators, for so much of such fum or fums of

money then due and owing upon the said annuity, yearly rent or

fum, or any part thereof , as shall have been in the hands of the

officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer at the time or

timeswhen demands thall have been legally made of the payment

of the said annuity, yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof as

aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to

bedone by such officer or officers respectively.

1

L

CAP.

1020 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. [1803.

CAP. CLX.

An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more

effectually manning his Majesty's navy; for regulating the payment

ofprize-money, and for making provision for the salaries of the

judges of the vice- admiralty courts in the island ofMalta and in the

Bermuda and Bahama islands. [August 12, 1803.]

WHEREAS divers injurious proceedings have lately been had in

in derogation of the honour of his Majesty's crown,

and of the just rights of hissubjects: and whereas his Majesty by

his order in council , dated thefixteenth day of May one thousand eight

hundred and three, was pleased to order that general reprisals be

granted against the ships, goods, and subjects of France, so that as

well bis Majesty's fleet and ships, as also all other ships and vessels

thatshould be commissioned by letters of marque or general reprisals, or

otherwise, by his Majesty's commissioners for executing the office oflord

high-admiral of Great Britain, shall and lawfully mayfeife allships,

vessels, and goods, belonging to France, or to any persons beingsubjects

of France, or inhabiting within any of the territories of France, and

bring the same to judgement : and whereas his Majesty by his order in

council , dated thefixteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and

three, was pleased to order that general reprisals should in like manner

and to the like effect be granted against the ships, goods, and vessels of

the Batavian republick, the ally and associate of France, in its enter-

prizes against the independence andsafety of his Majesty's dominions :

and whereas his Majesty hath by his royal munificence been graciously

pleased , by his proclamation dated the seventh day of July one thousand

eight hundred and three, to declare his intention to give the benefit of

all prizes , taken during the present war, to the captors thereof , being in

his Majesty'sservice or duly commissioned : now, for the encouragement

of the officers andfeamen of his Majesty's ships of war, and ofhired

armed vessels in the service of his Majesty, and of the owners, and

officers, andseamen of all other British ships, having commissions or

letters of marque, and for inducing all Britishseamen who may be in

anyforeignservice , to return into this kingdom, and becomeferviceable

to his Majesty, and for the more effectuallyfecuring and extending the

trade of his Majesty'ssubjects ; be it enacted by the King's most

1

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this present parliament

Ships and vessels taken

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the flag-

tobedivided

officers, commanders, and other officers , seamen, marines, and

as prize, soldiers , on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's

agreeable to pay, thall have the whole interest and property of and in all and

his Majesty's every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandize which they have

proclamation, taken since the sixteenth day of May one thousand eight hundred

dated July 7, and three, or sixteenth day of June respectively, or shall hereafter

1803. take during the continuance of the present war, after the fame

shall have been adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of

his Majesty's courts of admiralty or vice- admiralty, in any of his

Majesty's dominions, which shall be duly authorised to take cognizance

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C.160. 1021

cognizance of such captures, to be divided in such proportions

and after such manner as his Majesty, by his proclamation of the

feventh day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, hath

already ordered and enacted, or as his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, shall think fit to order and direct by proclamation or

proclamations to be issued for those purposes; and the commanders, officers, seamen, and marines, and soldiers, on board

his Majesty's hired armed ships, shall have such interest in all

ships and goods which they have taken since the sixteenth day of

May one thousand eight hundred and three, or sixteenth day of

June respectively, or shall hereafter take during the present war,

and to be divided and distributed in such manner as his Majesty

hath been pleased to order and direct by the said proclamation of

the seventh day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, or

as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may order and direct by

anyproclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued.

II. And be it further enacted, That the flag-officers, com- Arms and

manders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on ammunition,

board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, being &c. taken in

any fortress,

armed, officered , and employed in his Majesty's service, who and onboard

shall take any fortress upon the land, or any arms, ammunition, vessels in

stores of war, goods, merchandize, and treasure, belonging to creeks de-

fended there-

the state , or to any publick trading company, of the enemies ofby , tobedi-

the crown of Great Britain , upon the land, or any ship or vessel, vided as prize.

or merchandize laden on board the fame , in any creek , river,

haven, or road belonging to and defended by the said fortress

✓ upon the land , shall have the sole interest andproperty of and in

all and every such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammuni-

stion , stores of war, goods, merchandize, and treasure , after final

☑ adjudication thereof as lawful prize in any of his Majesty's

courts ofadmiraltyor vice- admiralty, duly authorised as aforesaid,

the

✓ direct , inall and every the arms , ammunition

4 ( which courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other

cafes ofprize), to be distributed by his Majesty in such propor-

tions andmanner as herein-before is mentioned: provided always His Majesty to

nevertheless , that in all conjunct expeditions of the navy and direct the ap-

army against any such fortress, upon the land , in which his portioning of

Majesty shall have been pleased to give any instructions or tweenthe

if directions for the division and distribution of property takennavyand

thereat, the flagand general officers, and commanders, and other armywhen

is officers , seamen , marines , andsoldiers , actingonsuchconjunct actingincons

prizesbe-

as his Majesty under his sign manual shall think fit to order and

✓ goods, merchandize, and treasure , belonging to the state or to

any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of

, storesofwar ,

Great Britain, which shall be found in any such fortress ; and also

in all and every ship and ships, vessel and vessels, with their arms,

ammunition, tackle , apparel, and furniture, and all and every the

merchandize and other effects on board , which shall be captured

✔ such fortress , after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize .

in any road , haven, river, or creek belonging to and defended by

III . Provided

1022 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [1803 , 1

Butif no in-

III . Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That if no instruc-

structions be

given by his

tions shall have been given by his Majesty for the division of the

Majesty, the commanders in chiefmay

ships, goods, and merchandize to be captured in any expedition

against any fortress on the land, it shall be lawful for the respec-

tive commanders in chief of the fleet and of the army employed,

fettle the di-

vision.

to make agreements in writing for the division of the ships, goods,

and merchandize, so to be taken between the said fleet and army,

which agreements being approved and confirmed by his Majesty

Shares to be shall be binding on all persons ; and the share assigned to the fleet

distributed ac- by such agreement shall be distributed therein according to his

cording to

Majesty's proclamation ; and the share assigned to the army shall

proclamation. be distributed amongst the officers and soldiers in proportions

correspondent thereto : provided nevertheless, that the interest

and property hereby given to the army employed on such conjunct

expeditions shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend,

to entitle the said army to share in the distribution of any ships

or vessels , goods, merchandize, or effects captured in the voyage

Shares ofrun.

to or from such fortress: provided also, that the shares ofprize of

men, and shares not claimedwith

all such officers and seamen who shall be marked in the books of

any hip or vessel in the service of his Majesty , his heirs or

in three years

successors, as having run therefrom, and also the shares of all

after being

such officers and seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, as well

paid to the treasurers of

on board hired armed ships as on board his Majesty's ships of

Greenwich hospital , for-

war, which shall not be legally demanded within three years

after the fame shall have been paid to the treasurer of the royal

feited, &c.

hospital at Greenwich, by virtue of any law then in force, shall be

forfeited to and to the use of the said royal hospital, unless, with

respect to such officers and seamen as shall be marked Run, such

mark shall be taken off by order of the commissioners for execu-

ting the office of lord high- admiral of Great Britain, or by order

of the commissioners of his Majesty's navy, and unless with

respect to the shares of such officers , seamen, marines, soldiers,

and others, which shall not be claimed within the time above

limited in that behalf , reasonable cause shall be shewn and allowed

by the governors of the said hospital for the time being, or by the

judge of the high court of admiralty, why such last-mentioned

thares were not claimed in due time.

Commanders

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any captain or other

deserting con- commander of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or

voys, or hav-

ingdispatches, hired armed vessels in his Majesty's service, having transports or

failing out of merchant ships or vessels under convoy, shall wilfully desert or

their course , fail away from them in pursuit of and with the view of capturing

shall forfeit any hip or vessel of the enemy ( other than ships or vessels armed

shareof prizes. and fitted for war only, and which shall be seen hovering about

or bearing down upon such convoy) , or having captured a prize,

shall wilfully desert the convoy for the purpose of carrying his

prize into port; or if the commander of any ship or vessel

whatsoever, having his Majesty's dispatches on board, shall fail

out of his proper course in pursuit and with the view of making

prize of any ship or vessel of the enemy, and thall be duly convicted thereof by sentence of a court-martial, such commander shall

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 160. 1023

shall forfeit his share of all and every such prize to his Majesty,

for the use of Greenwich hospital.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the captain of any Penalty on

3

merchant ship under convoy shall wilfully disobey signals or in- captains of

merchant

structions, or any other lawful commands of the commander ofships disobey-

the convoy, or shall desert the convoy without notice given and ing signals of

leave obtained for that purpose, he shall be liable to be articled the command-

against in the high court of admiralty, at the suit of the King in his er of the con-

office of admiralty, for disobedience to the orders of the convoy, voy.

and upon conviction thereof , shall be fined at the discretion of

the said court in any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds,

and shall suffer such imprisonment not exceeding one year, as

the said court shall adjudge.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the lord high -admiral of Admiralty

Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office ofmay issue letters of

lord high- admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any maroue.

three or more of them , or any person or persons by him or them

empowered and appointed, shall , at the request of any owner or

owners, whom they shall deem fitly qualified, of any ship or

vessel registered pursuant to the directions of an act, passed in

the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled,

An att for the further increase and encouragement ofshipping and

navigation, or of an act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An altfor the further en-

couragement of British mariners, and for other purposes therein

mentioned , (such owner or owners giving such bail or security as

hereafter is mentioned or expressed,) cause to be issued in the

usual manner one or more commission or commissions, or letter

or letters of marque and reprisal, to any person or persons whom

such owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or in

case ofdeath, successively commanders of such ships or vessels,

for the attacking , surprising, seising, and taking, by and with

A

such ship or vessel, or with the crew thereof , any place or fort-

ress upon the land, or any ship or vessel, arms, ammunition,

stores of war, goods or merchandize, belonging to or poffefsed

by any of his Majesty's enemies, in any fea, creek, haven, or

river, and that such ship or ships , vessel or vessels , arms, ammu-

nition, stores of war, goods and merchandize whatsoever, with

fall their furniture, tackle, and apparel, so to be taken by or with

such private owner or owners' ship or vessel, according to such

commission and commissions, or letter or letters of marque,

after final adjudication as lawful prize in the high court of ad-

miralty, or in any other court of admiralty in his Majesty's

dominions , which shall be duly authorised thereto as aforesaid,

shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and

among the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and the

several persons who shall be on board the fame, and be aiding

and assisting in the taking thereof , in such shares and propor-

tions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of such

ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof , their agents or

factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and

1024 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [ 1803 .

and the persons who shall be entitled thereto, by virtue of such

agreements among themselves ; and that neither his Majesty,

his heirs or fuccessors, nor any admiral, vice-admiral, governor,

or other person, commissioned by or claiming, under his Majesty , his heirs or successors, nor any other person or persons

whomsoever , other than the owner or owners of such ship or

vessel, being the captor of such prize ship or vessel, arms, am-

munition, stores of war, goods and merchandize ; and the per

son claiming under such agreements, shall be entitled to any

part or share thereof , except as to the customs and duties here-

after mentioned, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding : provided always, that no-

thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to entitle any person or persons to any interest in such

ships or vessels , goods or merchandize, as may be captured by

any private ships or vessels of war belonging to or hired by or

in the service of his Majesty's commissioners of customs or ex-

cife ; but that the same ships or vessels, goods and merchandize

so captured, shall belong to his Majesty, and be applied and

disposed of in such manner as his Majesty, under his sign manual,

shall order and direct after legal adjudication thereof.

VII. And , for the encouragement of the capture of such armed

Sixprivateers, ships belonging to the enemy, be it further enacted, That it shall

not exceeding and maybe lawful to and for the captors to include in one ad-

fiftytons each,

may be in- judication any number not exceeding fix of such small armed

cluded in one ships having a commission, or letter of marque from the enemy,

adjudication. not exceeding fifty tons each, and which shall have been taken

within the space of three months preceding the application to

the court of admiralty for such adjudication.

Private ships

VIII . Provided always, That nothing in this act contained

having com-

shall entitle any private ship or vessel having a commission for

mission for

war, and which shall receive general orders and instructions

war, while

putunder convoy , not

from, and put herself under the convoy of any of his Majesty's

ships or vessels to share in anyprize or prizes taken by such ships

entitled to

or vessels of his Majesty, or by such private ship or vessel having

share prizes ,

a commission for war, or letter of marque , whilst the said commissioned ship or vessel shall remain under the care and protection of such convoy, unless such private ship or vessel shall have

received orders from the commander of the convoying ship to

chase, or otherwise act hostilely against the enemy, and shall

have been actually aiding and assisting in such capture.

Prizes tobe

IX. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted , That

liable todu- nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-

ties.

tend , to exempt any ships, goods, wares, or merchandize, which

shall be taken as prize and brought or imported into this kingdom,

or any of his Majesty's dominions, from the payment of any cuf-

toms or duties , or from being subject to the restrictions and regulations to which the same are now or shall hereafter be liable by

virtue of the laws and statutes of this realm : provided nevertheless,

that it shall be lawful for the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or for the commissioners of the customs, in such

cafes

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. 1025

cases wherein goods unfit for the markets of this kingdom have

been brought as prize into the ports thereof , and have been fold

from necessity under an order of the high court of admiralty, to

remit the whole or any part of the said duties, upon a certificate

from the judge of the said court that the goods, not being in-

tended for the markets of this kingdom, have been fold from

necessity under its order, and that the proceeds of such sale,

after payment of duties, will be insufficient to satisfy just and

reasonable claims .

X. And be it further enacted, That before the granting or Security to

issuing of any commission, or letter of marque, in pursuance ofbe takenbe.

this act , such bail and security shall be taken as hath been usual fore granting

letters of

in such cafes; and that previous thereto the persons who propose marque.

to be bound and give such security shall severally make oath

before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England, or

judge of any other court of admiralty, which shall be authorised

as aforesaid, in any other of his Majesty's dominions, or his or

their surrogates, or other person or persons lawfully commif-

fioned by them, that they the said persons, who shall become

sureties, are at the time of their being sworn respectively worth

more than the sum for which they are to be bound, over and

above all their just debts; and moreover, the marshal for the

time being of the said high court of admiralty, and of any of the

said other courts, or his deputy, or the person or persons fo

commissioned as aforesaid, shall make diligent enquiry, and

certify him or themselves of the sufficiency of such bail andfe-

curity, and make thereupon a report to such judge or his fur-

rogate, before any such commission or letter of marque shall be

granted .

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or Applications

persons who shall apply to the said lord high- admiral of Great for letters of

Britain , or commissioners for executing the office of lord high marque to be

made to the

admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any person or admiralty in

persons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to writing, and

obtain any commission or letter of marque, to be granted or to contain

issued forth in pursuance of this act, shall make every such ap- certam certainparti-

plication in writing, and therein set forth a particular , true, and

exact description of the ship or vessel for which such commission

or letter of marque is requested, specifying the name and bur-

then of such ship or vessel, what fort of built she is, and the

number and nature of the guns on board the fame, to what place

belonging, and the name or names of the owner or owners of

such ship or vessel, and the number of men intended to be put

on board the same (all which particulars shall be inserted in

every commission or letter of marque to be granted in pursuance

of this act) ; and that every commander of a private ship or

vessel of war, for which a commission or letter of marque shall

be granted in pursuance of this act, shall produce such commission

or letter of marque to the collector, customer, or searcher for

the time being of his Majesty's customs, residing at or belonging

to the port from whence such ship or vessel shall be first fitted

VOL. XLIV. 3U out ,

1026 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 160. [ 1803.

out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, cuf-

tomer, or searcher ; and the said collector, customer, or searcher,

or his or their lawful deputy or deputies shall , as soon thereafter

as conveniently may be, without fee or reward, inspect and

examine such ship or vessel , so as to ascertain the built and bur-

then thereof, and the number of men, and the number and

nature of the guns on board the same, and if such ship or vessel

shall thereupon be found to be of such built and burthen, and

be manned and armed according to the tenor of the description

inserted in such commission or letter of marque as aforesaid, or

be of a greater burthen or force than thall be mentioned in such

commission or letter of marque, then and not otherwise such

collector , customer, or searcher, or his or their lawful deputy or

deputies shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately

upon the request of the commander of such ship or vessel, to give

a certificate thereof in writing, under his or their hand or hands ,

gratis, to such commander, which certificate shall be deemed a

necessary clearance, before such ship or vessel shall be permitted

Penalty on commanders ofvessels hav-

to fail from that port ; and if the commander of any ship or

vessel, for which any commission or letter of marque shall have

ing letters of

been granted in pursuance of this act, shall depart with such ship

marquede-

or vessel from such port of clearance before he hath received

parting with

out a certifi-

such certificate, or shall depart from any such port, or proceed

upon a cruize, with a force inferior to the force specified in such

ceedingona commission or letter of marque, every such commission or letter

cruize, with a of marque shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void,

force inferior and the commander so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum

to that speci- ofone thousand pounds, to be recovered with full costs of suit

fied in their

commission. by any person or persons who will fue for the same, by actions of

debt, bill, plaint , or information, in any of his Majesty's courts

of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoign , protection, wager

of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and shall

also be imprisoned for such space of time as such court hall

direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

Penalty on

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector, cuf-

officers of

tomer, or searcher of his Majesty's customs , or his or their

the customs granting false certificates

lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a certificate for any ship .

or vessel , which shall not be of the burthen and force specified in

for ships not

the commission or letter of marque granted to the commander

of the burthen

or commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater burthen or

cified in the

and force fpe- force than the really is, he shall for such offence forfeit his said

commission, office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office under

government whatsoever ; and shall also forfeit the sum ofone

hundred pounds, to be recovered with full costs of suit, for any

person or persons who will fue for the same, by action of debr,

bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of

record in Great Britain, in which no essoign, protection , wager

Application of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; and one

of forfeiture. moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds when reco-

vered shall be paid to the informer or informers, and one moiety

to the treasurer for the time being of the corporation for the relief

1

ک

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. 1027

reliefand support of the sick , maimed, and disabled seamen, and

of the widows and children of such as shall be killed, flain, or

drowned, in the service of the merchants, for the use of such

corporation ; or where such forfeiture shall be incurred in any

of the out - ports in which a corporation is established or shall

hereafter be established for the purposes aforesaid, then one

moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees for the use

of the corporation so to be established : provided always, that

theburthen of such ship or vessel so to be certified ( hall be af-

certained by the certificate of registry granted for such ship or

vessel, under and pursuant to the directions of the said recited

acts, made in the twenty-sixth and thirty-fourth years of the

reign of his present Majesty, or an authenticated copy thereof ,

in cafe the ship shall be at sea, which certificate or authenticated

copy shall be produced to the said lord high-admiral, or commif-

fioners for executing the said office of lord high-admiral of Great

Britain, before the issuing of any commission or letter of marque

forsuch ship or vessel: provided nevertheless, that it shall not be

necessary in the case of ships belonging to, or hired by, or in

the service of his Majesty's commissioners of customs or excise,

to produce such certificates or authenticated copies, in order to

the obtaining a commission or letter of marque.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and Vessels to

every ship and vessel for which such commission or letter of which letters

marque shall be granted as aforesaid , and for and during the ofmarque are

granted, to be

time that such commission or letter of marque shall remain in deemed li

force under the authority of this act, and no longer, shall be censed.

deemed and taken to be a ship or vessel licensed pursuant to an

act of parliament, made and passed in the twenty- fourth year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the effectual

prevention ofsmuggling in this kingdom, although the owner or

owners of such ship or vessel shall not have been furnished with

the licence required by the said recited act.

XIV. Provided alto, and be it further enacted, That in cafe Letters of

the owner or owners, commander, master, or other person, marque to be

having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel forfeited for

offences com-

for which such commission or letter of marque shall be issued as mitted against

aforesaid, shall be guilty of any offence contrary to any act or the revenue-

acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made for the laws .

protection of his Majesty's revenues of customs or excise, or for

the prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, such owner or

owners, commander, master, and other persons, shall forfeit the

commission or letter of marque so issued for such ship or vessel,

over and besides all other penalties and forfeitures which he or

they shall have incurred by reason of such offence .

XV. And be it further enacted , That it shall and may be Admiralty

lawful to and for the lord high-admiral of Great Britain, or the may revoke

commissioners for executing the office of lord high- admiral of letters of

Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, marque.

atanytime ortimes hereafter to revoke and make void, by any

order or orders in writing under his or their hand or hands, any

302 commission

1028 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [ 1803 .

commission or commissions, or letter or letters of marque, which

hath , have been, or shall be issued forth to any person or persons

who hath , have been, or shall be nominated commander or

commanders of any ship or vessel, either in pursuance of his

Notice of such Majesty's order in council, or this present act : provided never-

revocation to theless, that the secretary of the admiralty for the time being

be given. shall , with all convenient speed, after any and every such commission or letter of marque shall be so revoked , cause notice

thereof in writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or owners

of the ship or vessel named or described in such order of revoca-

tion, or to his or their agent or agents , surety or sureties , or

some or one of them ; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in

the channel, the said order of revocation shall be effectual to

supersede and annul the said commission or letter of marque, at

the expiration of twenty days from and after such notice given

as aforesaid, or sooner if notice shall be actually given in writing

by the secretary of the admiralty to the captain or commander

thereof; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in the Northern

Seas, at the expiration of thirty days ; and in case such ship or

vessel shall be to the southward of Cape Finisterre, or in the

Mediterranean, at the expiration of six weeks ; and in case such

ship or vessel shall be in North America or the West Indies, at the

expiration of three months ; and in case such ship or vessel shall

be in the East Indies , at the expiration of six months from and

after such respective notices shall be given as aforesaid ; and any

commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents,

surety or sureties of any such ship or vessel whereof such commif-

sion or letter of marque, issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid,

shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in

council within thirty days next after the secretary of the admi-

ralty for the time being shall cause notice thereof to be given as

aforesaid ; and the determination of his Majesty in council

touching every such complaint shall be final : provided always,

that in cafe any such order of revocation shall be superseded,

such commission or letter of marque shall be deemed and taken

to have continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof

shall belong to and be the property of such owners and captors,

in such manner as the same would have been in case such order

of revocation had not been made : provided also, that no person

shall be liable (before he shall have received personal notice of

such order of revocation) to be punished for doing any matter or

thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of

such commission or letter of marque, in case such order of revo-

cation had not been made.

XVI. And whereas in all privateships or vessels ofwar, or merchant- ships or vessels , for which commissions or letters ofmarque shall

be taken out, and likewise hired armed vessels taken into his Majesty's

service , it is expedient, for the better discipline and government of

suchships and vessels, that all persons who enter themselves on board

the sameshould be under proper regulations, and pay obedience to the

lawful commands of the captains and chief commanders of the said Ships

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. 1029

ships and vessels ; be it therefore enacted, That all offences com Offences committed by any officer or feaman on board any vessel having taken mitted on

acommission or letter of marque during the present hostilities board pri-

vateers to be

with France, or on board any hired armed vessel in his Majesty's tried andpu-

service, shall be tried and punished in such manner as the like nished as of-

offences are tried and punished when committed by any person fences com-

belonging to his Majesty's fleet : provided always, that all of - mittedin the

fleet .

fenders who shall be accused of such crimes as are cognizable by

a court- martial shall be confined on board such privateer, or

or merchant-thip, or vessel carrying letters of marque, in which

such offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive at some

port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a num-

ber of his Majesty's ships of war abroad as are suficient to make

a court- martial ; and upon application made by the commander

of such ship or vessel carrying letters of marque, or hired armed

vessels in his Majesty's service, to the lord high-admiral of Great

Britain , or commissioners for executing the office of lord high-

admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or to the commander

in chief , or senior officer of his Majesty's said ships of war

abroad , the said lord high-admiral or commissioners for executing the office of lord high-admiral of Great Britain for the time

being , or any three or more of them, or such commander in

chief , or senior officer abroad, are hereby authorised and required, in the usual manner, to call a court-martial for trying

and punishing the said offences.

XVII. And whereas good and necessary laws are in force within

Several of his Majesty's colonies andplantations in America, for preventing the carrying offfrom the said colonies or plantations anyfer-

vant or slave without the consent of the owner, or the carrying off

from thence any other person or persons whomsoever, untilfuch person

Shallhave taken out his ticket from thesecretary's office within such

respective colony or plantation, infuch manner, and underfuch penal-

ties and forfeitures, as in and by the saidfeveral laws is declared and

provided; be it therefore enacted, That all commanders of pri- Commanders

vate ships of war, or merchant- ships having letters of marque, of ships to be

shall, upon their going into any of the ports or harbours in the liable , while Majef

said colonies or plantations, be subject, and they are hereby ty's colonies,

declared to be subject to the several directions, provisions, penal- to the laws

ties, and forfeitures, in and by such laws made and provided ; provided for

thepreventing

any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any- the carrying

wise notwithstanding.

offpersons,

XVIII. And, for the more speedy proceeding to condemnation , or without the

other determination of any prize- ship or vessel , goods, or merchandize, requisite con-

already taken or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid , and for lessening fent .

the expences which have been usual in such cases ; be it further

enacted, That the judge of the high court of admiralty of Eng- Regulations

land , and of any other court of admiralty which shall be autho- respecting the

rised thereto, or such person or persons who shall be by them condemnation of prizes.

commissioned for that purpose, within five days after request

made to him or them for that purpose, shall finish the usual

preparatory examination of the persons commonly examined in such

1030 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 160. [1803 .

such cafes, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to

inquire whether the same be lawful prize or not, and that the

proper monition usual in such cases shall be issued by the person

or persons proper to issue the same, and shall be executed by

the person or persons proper to execute the same , within the

Claim tobe space of three days after request in that behalf made; and in cafe

duly entered, no claim of such captured ship, vessel , or goods , shall be duly

and security entered in the usual form, and attested upon oath, giving twenty

given. days notice after the execution of such monition, or if there be

such claim , and the claimant or claimants shall not within five

days from the time of entering such claim give security in the

fum of sixty pounds sterling, to pay costs to the captor or captors

in cafe the judge shall decree costs to be due, that then the judge

of such court of admiralty shall, upon producing to him the said

examinations or copies thereof , and producing to him, upon oath,

all the papers and writings which shall have been found, taken

in, or with such capture, or on board any other captured ship or

vessel regarding the fame, or upon oath made that no papers or

writings were found, proceed with all convenient speed to fen-

tence, either to discharge or acquit such capture, or to condemn

the same to be good and lawful prize, according as shall appear

to him upon perusal of such preparatory examinations ; and all

the papers and writings found, taken in , or with such capture,

or on board any other captured vessel regarding the same , if any

such shall be found, or to allow further time for a claim to be

entered or security given ; and in cafe any such claim shall be

duly entered, and security given thereupon, according to the

tenor and true meaning of this act, and there shall appear no

occasion to enter into any other examination, that then the judge

shall, within ten days if possible , after such claim made and

security given, proceed to sentence as aforesaid touching such

capture; but in cafe, upon entering such claim, and the attesta-

tion thereupon, or the producing of such papers and writings as

aforesaid, regarding such captured ship or vessel , or goods, and

upon the said preparatory examinations, it shall appear doubtful

to the said judge whether such capture be lawful prize or not,

and it shall appear to him to be necessary , according to the cir-

cumstances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining such

doubts, to have an examination of witnesses, on pleadings given

in by the parties and admitted by the judge, or such other lawful

mode of enquiry as the said judge may think requisite, that then

the said judge thall forthwith cause such capture to be appraised

by persons well- skilled in the fame, to be named by the parties,

and approved and appointed by the court, and sworn truly to

appraise the fame according to the best of their skill and know-

ledge; for which purpose the said judge shall cause , if he shall

think fit, the goods found on board to be unladen, and an in-

ventory thereof being first taken, if the judge thall think necef-

fary, by the marshal of the admiralty or his deputy, shall cause

them to be put into proper warehouses, with separate locks, of

the collector and comptroller of the customs ; and where there is

5

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. 1031

is no comptroller, then of the naval officer, and the agents or

persons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of

the party desiring the fame; and shall, after such appraisement,

and within the space of fourteen days after the making of the

said claims, proceed to take good and sufficient security from the

claimants to pay the captors the full value thereof , according to

such appraisement, in cafe the same shall be adjudged lawful

prize, and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient security

from the captors, to pay such costs as the court shall think pro-

per, in case tuch ship, vessel or goods, shall not be condemned

as lawful prize ; and after such security duly given, the said

judge shall make an interlocutory order for releasing or delivering the same to such claimant or claimants, or his or their agents,

and the same shall be actually released and delivered accordingly.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any claim- Ifclaimant

refuse secu-

ant or claimants shall refuse to give such security , the judge rity, the cap-

shall cause the captor or captors, in like manner, to give good tor thall give

and sufficient security to pay the said claimant or claimants the security to

full value thereof according to the appraisement, in case any pay him the

such capture or captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful value , according to

prize , and the said judge shall thereupon proceed to make an appraisement,

interlocutory order for the releasing and delivering the same to in cafe the

the said captor or captors, or their agents .

capture shall

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the not be ad-

passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs prize.

judged lawful

and successors, by any order in council to fix and ascertain His Majesty

proper and adequate salaries for the judges of vice-admiralty may appoint

courts , established or to be established in the Bahama and Ber- salaries for

muda islands , and likewise at the island of Malta in the Medi- the judges of

the vice - ad-

terranean, not exceeding the fum of two thousand pounds per miralty

annum for any of such judges ; and such salaries shall be issued, courts in the

payable and paid out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, islands of

Bahama and

and further that such salaries shall be charged and chargeable, Bermuda, and

and paid and payable in like manner in every respect, and under at Malta, not

and subject to such rules, regulations, provisions, penalties, and exceeding

forfeitures as are contained in an act, passed in the thirty-ninthyear 2000l. per

of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An att for the augmen- annum, &c.

tation of the salaries of the judges of the courts in Westminster-Hall,

and also of the lords of session, lords- commissioners ofjusticiary, and ba-

rons of the exchequer in Scotland ; and for enabling his Majesty to grant

annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Westminster-

Hall, on theirresignation of their respective offices ; and that the salaries

now paid or payable to the judges at Jamaica, Barbadoes, and

Halifax , be paid and payable in like manner.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty

his Majesty , by any letters-patent under the great seal of Great may allow

Britain, to give and grant to any such judgeupon his resignation such judges,

on their

of any such office, an annuity for the term of his life, not ex- resignation

ceeding one thousand pounds, to be ifssued and payable and paid 1000l . per

out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, and such annuity annum, in

shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like certain cafes.

manner in every respeét , and under and subject to such rules , isimls

regula-

1032 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [1803 .

regulations, penalties , and forfeitures as the salaries of the said

judges: provided always, that no such annuity granted to any

such judge shall be valid unless such judge shall have continued

in one or more of the said offices for the period of six years, or

shall be afflicted with some permanent infirmity disabling him

from the execution of his said office, which shall be distinctly

recited in the said grant.

Profits of

judges shall

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the profits and emolu-

not exceed

ments of the said judges thall in no case exceed the sum of two

2000l . per annumbe-

thousand pounds, to each or any or either of the said judges in

any one year, and so in proportion for any any part of a year, over

yond their salaries.

and above the salary of such judge by this act granted; and

every such judge shall keep a just and true account of the fees

Account thereof to be transmitted to the com-

and pecuniary profits and emoluments received by him as such

judge in each year, ending on the first day of January in each

year , and shall as soon after the said first day of January as

missioners of

thenavy.

the fame can be done in every year, transmit an account

thereof to the commissioners of the navy ; and shall carry

all fum and sums of money exceeding the said fum of two

thousand pounds to the account of the succeeding year, or pay

the fame or any part thereof to such person or persons and in

such manner as to the said commissioners of the navy shall seem

fit, and they shall for that purpose direct .

Captures brought into

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all such captures as

his Majesty Majesty's dominions

aforesaid , which shall be brought into any of his Majesty's

dominions abroad, in order to be proceeded against to condem-

abroad, to be

nation in any of his Majesty's courts of vice-admiralty, being

under the

care of the

thereto duly authorised, shall, without breaking bulk, stay there,

officers of the

and be under the joint care and custody of the collector and

customs.

comptroller of the customs, and where there is no comptroller,

then of the naval officer of the port or place where the fame

shall be brought, and the captors or claimants thereof , or their

agent or agents, subject to the direction of such court of vice-

admiralty, until the same shall by final sentence have been either

cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful

prize, or that such interlocutory order as aforesaid shall have

been made for the releasing or delivering the same; and upon

the final condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize,

shall be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof or their

Act not to

agent : provided always, that nothing in this act contained

affect 41 Geo . shall affect any of the regulations contained in an act passed in

3. c. 96.

the forty-first year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An altfor

the better regulation of his Majesty's prize- courts in the West

Indies and America, and for giving a morespeedy and effectual execution to the decrees of the lords- commissioners of appeals, but that

all the regulations of the said act shall be carried into full force

Writings found on

and effect .

board cap- XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all books, papers,

tures, to be and writings, found in any ship or vessel taken as prize, shall

brought into without delay be brought into the registry of the court of admi-

the registry of ralty upon oath, wherein such ship or vessel may be proceeded

admiralty. the court of

against, in order to condemnation ; but that only such books ,

papers ,

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. 1033

papers, and writings, shall be made use of and translated, as

thall be agreed or insisted upon by the proctors of the several

parties, captors, or claimants, or in case of no claim by the cap-

tor, or his proctor or agent, or register , to be necessary for af-

certaining the property of such ship or vessel, and cargo thereof.

XXV. Provided nevertheless , and it is hereby further en- Appeals may

acted, That if any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, be made to

commissioners

shall not rest satisfied with the sentence or interlocutory decree, for hearing

having the force of a definitive sentence, given or pronounced in prize- causes .

the high court of admiralty of England, or in any court of ad-

miralty or vice- admiralty, in any of his Majesty's dominions,

duly authorised to proceed in prize-causes, it shall and may be

lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from

the said high court of admiralty or from any of the said courts

ofadmiralty or vice-admiralty, to the commissioners appointed

or to be appointed under the great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in causes of prize,

such appeals to be interposed and received in the like manner as

appeals to the commissioners in prize-causes have been usually

interposed and received from the said high court of admiralty,

and good security to be likewise given by the appellant or appel-

lants that he or they will effectually prosecute such appeal, and

also pay such costs as shall be awarded, in case the sentence or

interlocutory decree, having the force of a definitive sentence of

such court of admiralty or vice-admiralty, be affirmed; any

thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding: provided always, that the execution of any

sentence or interlocutory decree, having the force of a definitive

sentence, appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by

reason of such appeal, save as is hereinafter provided, in cafe the

party or parties appellative shall give sufficient security, to be

approved of by the court in which such sentence or interlocu-

tory decree shall be given, to restore the ship, vessel , goods or

effects, concerning which such sentence or interlocutory decree

shall be pronounced, or the full value thereof , to the appellant

or appellants, in case the sentence or interlocutory decree so appealed from shall be reversed .

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any person who Persons , not

was not a party in the first instance of the cause, shall intervene parties, in the

first instance,

in or interpose an appeal from a sentence or interlocutory de- to enter their

cree, having the force of a definitive sentence, given or pro- claims, or

nounced in any admiralty court, such person, or his or her agent appeals to be

or agents, thall at the same time enter his or her claim, other- void.

wife such appeal thall be null and void.

XXVII. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen by appeals

in prize-causes not being prosecuted in a reasonable time, and from

Secret appeals or protocols of appeal being entered before a notary publick, without any notice given to the court or parties appellate, or

their proctors ; for remedy whereof , be it enacted, That every per- Appellants to

son, being a party or not a party in a prize- cause in the high take out in-

hibitionscourt of admiralty of England , or in any vice-admiralty court ,within certain

and periods.

1034 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [ 1803.

and against whom a sentence shall hereafter be given, or any in-

terlocutory decree having the force of a definitive sentence pro-

nounced, and who shall appeal therefrom, shall prosecute such

his appeal by taking out the usual inhibition, within twelve

months after the time such sentence or interlocutory decree shall

be given; and that after the expiration of the said term of

ε

twelve months without any inhibition having been taken out,

no appeal shall be allowed to be prosecuted by any person being

a party or not a party in the said high court of admiralty or

vice- admiralty, nor thall any inhibition be granted at the prayer

of such person or his proctor, but the said sentence or interlocu-

tory decree thall stand confirmed as to such person : provided

nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the lords-commissioners

of appeals, in all cases in which it shall appear that a distribu-

tion has not taken place, to permit an appeal to be prosecuted

after the term of twelve months elapsed, where, upon special

cause shewn, they shall deem such person fit and reasonable to be

given.

Captures to

be appraised ,

and on secu-

rity for the

value tobe

delivered, or

the effects

fold.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any appeal shall

be interposed from a sentence or interlocutory decree, hav-

ing the force of a definitive sentence, given or pronounced in

any court of admiralty or vice- admiralty concerning any ship or

vessel , or goods or effects, which have been, or now are, or shall

hereafter be seised and taken as prize, that then and in such

cafe the judge of such court of admiralty or vice-admiralty shall

and may, at the request, costs, and charges, either of the captor

or claimant, (or of the claimant only in cafe where the privi-

lege is reserved in favour of the claimant , by any treaty or

treaties subsisting between his Majesty and foreign powers, )

make an order to have such capture appraised, unless the parties

shall otherwise agree upon the value thereof , and an inventory to

be made, and then take security for the full value thereof ac-

( cordingly ; and thereupon cause such capture to be delivered to

the party, giving such security in like manner as is hereinbefore

enacted, notwithstanding such appeal ; and if there shall be any

difficulty or sufficient objection to the giving or taking security,

the judge shall, at the request of either of the parties order

such goods and effects to be entered, landed, and fold by publick auction, under the care and custody of the proper officers

of the customs, and under the direction and inspection of such

persons as shall be appointed by the claimants and captors, and

the monies arising from the sale shall be brought into court,

and by the register, deputy register, or deputy registers of the

the said court, be deposited in the bank of England , or (in cafe

the captors and claimants shall agree thereto) in some publick

securities, at interest, in the names of the register, and of such

trustees as they the said captors and claimants shall appoint,

and the court shall approve ; and if such security shall be given

by the claimants, then the judge thall give such captured ship

or vessel a pass under his seal to prevent its being again taken by

his Majesty's subjects in its destined voyage.

XXIX. Pro

5

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. c. 160. 1035

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Ifsentence be

cafe the sentence or interlocutory decree, having the force of a sale ofcap-

reversed after

definitive sentence of such court of admiralty or vice-admiralty, ture, the net

shall be finally reversed after sale of any thip or goods, pursuant proceeds to be

to the directions in this act contained, the net proceeds of such deemed their

sale (after payment ofall expences attending the fame) shall be value.

deemed and taken to be the full value of such ship and goods ,

and that the party or parties appellate, and their securities, shall

not be answerable for the value beyond the amount of such net

proceeds, unless it shall appear that such sale was made fraudu-

lently or without due care.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no judge, register, No judge, or

or deputy register , marshal or deputy marshal, or any other other officer

of anycourt

officer whomsoever, of or belonging to any court of admiralty of admiralty,

or vice-admiralty, nor any person or persons practising either as or any person

advocate, proctor, or otherwise, in anyfuch courtor courts, shall practising

be concerned or interested, directly or indirectly, as owner, partinterestedin

tobe

owner, sharer, or adventurer, in any private ship or ships, or any vessel,

vessel or vessels of war, whatsoever, having any commission or having a letter

commissions, or letter of marque as aforesaid ; and in case any of marque.

such judge, register, deputy register, marshal, deputy marshal,

or other officer, advocate, or proctor whatsoever, shall notwith-

standing this act be directly or indirectly concerned or interested

as aforesaid, such judge, register, deputy register, marshal, deputy

marthal, or other officer respectively, shall for every such offence

( being thereof lawfully convicted in any of his Majesty's courts

of record in Great Britain, or at any general session of the peace

in any of his Majesty's colonies in America) absolutely forfeit

his office and employment in and belonging to anyfuch court

of admiralty or vice-admiralty , of what kind or nature foever

such office or employment may be, and shall also forfeit and

pay to the use of his Majesty , his heirs and fuccessors, the fum

of five hundred pounds, and every such advocate or proctor

respectively shall for such last -mentioned offence (being thereof

lawfully convicted in manner aforesaid), be from thenceforth

absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising , ei-

ther as an advocate or proctor, in any of his Majesty's courts of

admiralty or vice-admiralty wheresoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no register or deputy No register,

register, nor any marshal or deputy marshal, ofor belonging to or otherofficer

of anycourt

any of his Majesty's courts ofadmiralty or vice- admiralty what- of admiralty,

foever shall, either directly or indirectly , by himself or themselves, to act as ad-

orby any agent or agents, or other person or persons whomso- vocate or

ever, act or be concerned in any manner, either as an advocate proc

proctor in any

ause depend-

or proctor in any cause, matter, or business whatsoever, that ing in the

shall be depending in any such court or courts of admiralty or court to which

vice-admiralty, to which such register , deputy register, marthal, he belongs .

or deputy marshal , shall then belong ; and that every register,

deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, who thall be guilty

of such offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon

an information or indictment in manner aforesaid) thall from

thence-

1036 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [ 1803.

thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective office and employ-

ment of register, deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, in

and belonging to the same court.

Act not to XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing

restrain his Majesty from

in this act contained shall be construed to restrain his Majesty,

giving directi, his heirs and successors, from giving such further rules and

ons to courts directions from time to time to his respective courts of admiralty

ofadmiralty. and vice-admiralty, for the adjudication and condemnation of

prizes, and for regulating the fees of the said courts, and

amending and altering the table of fees therein, as by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, with the advice of his or their

privy council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

Penalty on XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time

commanders or times any commander or commanders of any private ship or

ofprivateers ransoming

ships, or vessel or vessels of war commissioned as aforesaid, shall

prizes.

agree with the commander or commanders, or other person or

persons, of or belonging to any neutral or other ship or ships,

vessel or vessels, or the respective cargo or cargoes thereof , or

any part thereof , for the ransom of any such ship, vessel , or

cargo, or any part thereof , after the same shall have been taken

as prize, and shall, in pursuance of such agreement or agree .

ments, actually quit, set at liberty, or discharge any such prize

or prizes, instead of bringing the same into some port or ports

belonging to his Majesty's dominions, that then all and every of

the commander and commanders of such private ship or ships ,

or vessel or vessels of war, who shall agree for any such ransom,

and shall quit, set at liberty, or discharge any such prize or

prizes in manner aforesaid, unless in a case of extreme necessity ,

to be allowed by the court of admiralty, shall forfeit his or their

letter of marque, and shall suffer such penalties of fine and imprisonment as the said court shall adjudge.

No captured XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after

vessel belong- the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any of his Ma-

ing to his Majesty's fub- jesty's subjects to ransom, or to enter into any contract or agree-

jects to be ransomed.

ment for ransoming, any ship or vessel belonging to any of his

Majesty's subjects, or any merchandize or goods on board the

fame, which shall be captured by the subjects of any state at

war with his Majesty, or by any persons committing hostilities

against his Majesty's subjects, unless in the case ofextreme ne-

ceffity to be allowed by the court ofadmiralty.

Contracts for

ransom to be

void.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all contracts and

agreements which shall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and

other securities, which shall be given by any person or persons

for ransom of any ship or vessel, or of any merchandize or goods

on board the fame, contrary to this act, shall be absolutely null

and void in law, and of no effect whatsoever.

Penalty of

sool. on per-

Tons ransom-

ingcontrary

to this act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

persons shall, contrary to this act, ransom or enter into any contract or agreement for ransoming any such ship or vessel , or any

merchandize or goods on board the fame, every person so of-

fending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of

five

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. 1037

five hundred pounds, to be recovered with full costs of suit, by

any person or persons who shall fue for the fame, by action of

debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain,

in which action no essoign, protection, imparlance, or wager of

law , shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And, as a further encouragement to the officers, fea-

men , marines, soldiers, and others, on board his Majesty's ships of

war , as also of privateers, to attack, take, and destroy any ships of

war or privateers belonging to the enemy ; be it enacted, That there Bounty to be

shall be paid by the treasurer of his Majesty's navy upon bills to paid of 51. for

be made forth by the commissioners of the navy, to be paid ac, every man on

board , at the

cording to the course thereof , without fee or reward, unto the beginning of

officers , seamen, marines, soldiers , and others, who shali have the engage-

been actually on board any of his Majesty's ship or ships of war, ment, of any

or hired armed vessel or vessels, or of any privateer or privateers, thips taken

or destroyed

atthe actual taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying belonging to

any ship or hips of war or privateers belonging to the enemy, the enemy.

since the second day of May one thousand eight hundred and

three , and during the present war, five pounds for every man

who was living on board any ship or vessel so taken, funk,

burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the attack or

engagement between them ; the numbers of such men to be What proof

proved by the oath of three or more of the chief officers or men shall bene-

who were belonging to the said ship or ships of war or privateers ceffary of the

number actu-

of the enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or ally on board.

their being taken as prize, funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed,

or (in case so many as three shall not survive the engagement)

upon the oath or oaths of such of them as shall survive, before

the mayor or other chief magistrate of the port within any of his

Majesty's dominions whereunto any prize, or officers or men of

such ships as were taken, sunk, burnt , or otherwise destroyed,

mall be brought, or before the British consul or vice-consul

residing at any neutral port to which such prize, or officers or

men thall be brought, which oaths the said mayor or other chief

magistrate of any such port, or consul or vice-consul, are hereby

respectively empowered and required to administer ; and shall

( without fee or reward) forthwith grant a certificate thereof ,

and also of the deponents or deponent ( if less than three) having

likewise made oath, that to the best of his or their knowledge

and belief no other person or persons belonging to the enemy's

ship or ships survived the engagement, which certificate shall be

directed to the commissioners of his Majesty's navy ; and upon

the production thereof to them the said commissioners , together

with an authentick copy of the sentence or decree of condemna-

tion of such ship so taken, or where such certificate cannot be

had and obtained, then upon producing only a copy of the sen-

tence or decree of condemnation, whereby the number of men

on board such ships of the enemy shall appear to have been

proved, or if such ships be funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed,

on producing only a certificate from the mayor or other chief

magistrate, or consul or vice-consul as aforesaid, the said commissioners

1038 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. [ 1803 .

missioners of his Majesty's navy, or such person or persons as

they shall appoint for that purpose , shall, according to the course

of the navy, within fifteen days make out bills for the amount

of such bounty, directed to the treasurer of the navy, payable to

and to be divided amongst the officers, seamen, marines, and

soldiers, on board , his Majesty's ships of war or hired armed

thips, in manner, form, and proportion, as by his Majesty's pro-

clamation for granting the distribution of prizes, already issued

or to be issued for that purpose, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the owners, officers , and seamen of any

private ship or vessel of war, in such manner and proportion as

by any agreement in writing they shall have entered into for that

purpose , shall be directed: provided nevertheless, that in all cafes

where such oath and certificate cannot be administered and

granted at the first port whereunto any prize or officers or men

of such ships as have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or

otherwise destroyed, shall be brought, such oath or oaths relating

to any prize or prizes that hall be taken, or to any ships of his

Majesty's enemies that shall be funk, burnt, or otherwise de-

stroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken

by and before the mayor or other chief magistrate of any port

within any of his Majesty's dominions, or by or before the

British consul or vice-consul residing at any neutral port where-

unto any prize or prizes, or officers or men of any ships belonging

to his Majesty's enemies, as have or shall be taken, funk, burnt,

or otherwise defstroyed, shall at any time afterwards be brought

(proof being first made by affidavit before such person or persons

of the inability of making such oath or oaths, and obtaining such

certificate at the said first port), and the mayor or other chief

magistrate, consul or vice-consul, shall thereupon grant such certificate and certificates as are herein-before directed, which certificate and certificates shall be good and effectual to all intents

and purposes, as if the fame were granted by the mayor or other

chief magistrate, consul or vice- consul, of the port to which such

prize or prizes, officers or men as aforesaid , shall be first brought,

any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding : provided also, that where such oath of the

number of men on board any ship or ships sotaken, burnt, funk,

or otherwise destroyed, cannot be had by reason of the total de-

struction of the officers and crew of such ship or ships, then and

in every such cafe the number of men on board such ship or

Thips at the beginning of the attack or engagement, shall be af-

certained by such evidence as under the circumstances of the

cafe thall, by the judge of the high court of admiralty, or by the

judge of any other court duly authorised , be deemed sufficient

proof thereof : provided likewise, that in any cafes in which

doubts shall arise whether the party or parties claiming head-

money are entitled thereto, the same shall be summarily deter-

mined by the judge of the high court of admiralty, or by the

judge of any other court of admiralty in which the prize shall have

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. 1039

have been adjudged, subject nevertheless to an appeal to the

lords- commissioners of appeal in prize- causes.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the bill or bills Bills for the

to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to the commanders, bounty to be

made payable

officers, seamen , marines, soldiers, and others of his Majesty's to the persons

hips of war, or hired armed ships, for taking , finking, burning, appointed

or otherwise destroying any ships of war or privateers belonging prize-agents .

to any of his Majesty's enemies, shall be made payable to such

person or persons as thall be authorised and appointed agents for

appraisements and sales of prize, the same bounty to be distributed

and divided by the said person or persons so authorised and appointed amongst the captors, in such manner, form, and propor-

tion as aforesaid, the several shares of such captors as shall run

from his Majesty's service , and of such as shall not be legally

demandedwithin three years after publick notification, shall be

paid and applied to the use of the said royal hospital at Greenwich,

subject to the same provisoes and exceptions as in the case of

prize-monies ; and that the bill or bills to be made out for the

bounty hereby granted to privateers for taking, burning, finking,

or otherwise destroying any ships of war or privateers belonging

to any of his Majesty's enemies, shall be made payable to such

person or persons as thall be nominated and appointed by the

owner or owners, officers and seamen, of such privateer or pri-

vateers who shall have taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed

the fame, or the major part of them, to be divided in such

manner and proportions as shall have been agreed on by them

as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Prizes be-

ship or vessel or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein, shall longing to his

Majesty's fub-

appear and be proved in any court of admiralty having a right jects taken

to take cognizance thereof, to have belonged to any of his Ma- from the ene-

jesty's subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any of the do- my, to be

minions and territories remaining and continuing under his restored upon payment of

Majesty's protection and obedience, which were before taken or salvage.

surprised by any of his Majesty's enemies, and at any time after-

wards again surprised and re-taken by any of his Majesty's ships

of war, or any privateer or other ship, vessel, or boat under his

Majesty's protection and obedience, that then such ships, vessels,

boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid , formerly belonging to such his Majesty's subjects, shall in

all cafes (fave in such as are hereafter excepted) be adjudged to

be restored, and shall be by decree of the said court of admiralty

accordingly restored to such former owner or owners or propri-

etors, he or they paying for and in lieu of salvage (if re- taken by

any of his Majesty's ships or hired armed ships ) one-eighth part

of the true value of the ships, vessels, boats, and goods respectively so to be restored, which said salvage of one-eighth shall be

answered and paid to the flag-officers, captains, officers, seamen,

marines, and soldiers in his Majesty's said ship or ships of war,

to be divided in such manner as before in this act is directed,

touching the share of prizes belonging to the flag-officers, captains,

1040 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [1803 .

captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, where prizes

are taken by any of his Majesty's ships of war ; and if re - taken

by any privateer, or other ship, vessel, or boat, one-sixth part of

the true value of the said ships, vessels, boats, and goods ; all

which payments to be made to the owner or owners, officers

and seamen, of such privateer or other ship, vessel, or boat sha..

be without any deductions, and shall be divided in such manner

and proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid; and in case such ship, vessel, or goods shall have been

re-taken by the joint operation or means of one or more of his

Majesty's ships, and one or more private ship or ships, then the

judge of the high court of admiralty, or other court having

cognizance thereof , shall order and adjudge such salvage to be

paid to the re-captors, by the owner or owners of such re-taken

ship, vessel, or goods , as he shall, under the circumstances of the

cafe , deem fit and reasonable ; which salvage so to be adjudged

shall be accordingly paid by the owners of such re-taken ship,

vessel, or goods, to the agents of the re-captors, in such propor-

tions as the said courts shall adjudge; but if such ship or vessel

fo re-taken shall appear to have been, after the taking by his

Majesty's enemies, by them fet forth as a ship or vessel of war,

the said ship or vessel shall not be restored to the former owners

or proprietors, but shall in all cafes, whether re-taken by any of

his Majesty's ships or by any privateer, be adjudged lawful prize

for the benefit of the captors .

Prizes col-

lufively re-

stored by

privateers to

beprize to

his Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted , That in case any ship or

vessel , or any goods or merchandize, shall be taken or re- taken,

and restored by the commander, or other person having the

charge or command of any privateer or other ship, vessel, or

boat, under his Majesty's protection and obedience, through

consent, or clandestinely, or by collusion or connivance of such

commander or other person, without being brought to adjudi-

50

cation, the ship and vessel, and goods and merchandize, so taken

or re-taken and restored, and also the ship's tackle, furniture,

apparel , arms, and ammunition, shall, upon proof thereof to be

made in any court of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof ,

be declared and adjudged to be good prize to his Majesty, one

moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and

successors , and one moiety to the use of such person who shall

discover and fue for the fame; and the bond given by the cap-

tain or commander of such privateer, or other ship, vessel, or

boat, shall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to his Ma-

Penalty on

jesty; and in case any such ship or vessel, or any goods or mer-

commanders chandize as aforesaid, shall be taken or re- taken and restored by

restoring prizes collu-

any commander, captain, or other officer having the command

fively.

of any thip or vessel of war belonging to his Majesty, through

consent , or clandestinely, or by collusion or connivance of such

commander, captain, or other officer, such commander, captain,

or other officer shall forfeit the fum of one thousand pounds, one

moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

and one moiety, together with full costs of suit , to the use of

such

3

0

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. 1041

such person as shall discover and fue for the fame, to be reco-

vered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his

Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain , wherein no essoign ,

protection, privilege, or wager of law, or any more than one

imparlance shall be allowed ; and such commander, captain, or

other officer thall forfeit his command and employment, and

shall be and is hereby disabled and made incapable of holding

any office or employment under his Majesty during the space

of seven years ; and the said goods and merchandize, and the

ship, tackle, apparel , furniture, guns , and ammunition, so taken

or re-taken and restored in manner aforesaid, shall be and is hereby

directed to be adjudged in all courts of admiralty having legal

cognizance thereof, as good prize to his Majesty.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That Ships re- taken

if a

's before carried

ship be re-taken before she has been carried into anenemy's beforecarried

port, it shall be lawful for her , ifthe re-captors consent thereto, my's ports

to prosecure her voyage, and it shall not be necessary for the re- mayprofecute

captors to proceed to adjudication till six months, or till the re- their voyages.

turn of the ship to the port from which she failed; and it shall be

lawful for the master, the owners, or their agents, with the con-

sentof the re- captors, to unliver and dispose of their cargoes before

adjudication ; and in cafe the vessel shall not return directly to

the port from whence the failed , or the re-captors shall have

had no opportunity of proceeding regularly to adjudication within

six months, on account of the absence of the said vessel, the

court ofadmiralty shall, at the instance of the re- captors, decree

the restitution to the former owners, paying salvage, upon such

evidence as to the said court shall, under the circumstances of

the cafe, appear reasonable, the expence of such proceeding not

to exceed the sum of fourteen pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all prize- ships or Prize vessels

vessels which shall be legally condemned shall, to all intents and condemned

to be deemed.

purposes whatsoever, be considered as British- built ships orveffels ,British - built .

being first duly registered according to the provisions of the said

recited act, madein the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be deemed and taken as such, and shall be

entitled to have and enjoy all and every the fame rights, liberties ,

privileges, and advantages, in all respects whatsoever, with

British -built ships or vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all

and every the rules and regulations that British -built ships or

vessels are subject and liable to ; any law, custom, or usage to the

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That ifany commander or Penalty for

commanders, officer or officers, seamen, marines, soldiers , or breaking bulk ,

brothers, shall break bulk on board, except in case of necessity or embezzling

to be allowed by the court of admiralty, or embezzle any of the any part of

prizes .money , jewels, plate , goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or

apparel of or belonging to any prize or prizes, such commander,

officer , seaman, marine, soldier, or other person, shall for every

suchoffence forfeit his whole share in such prize to his Majesty,

for the use of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and fo to be ad

AVOL, XLIV. 3 X judged

1042 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. [1803.

judged on proof thereof by the court of admiralty in which such

proof shall be made, and thall also forfeit treble the value of all

such money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture,

or apparel , as he or they shall embezzle, one-third part thereof

to be to the use of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, and the

other two-third parts thereof , together with full costs of suit, to

him or them that will fue for the fame, by action of debt, bill,

plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in

Great Britain, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law,

or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Penalty for XLIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall

breach of his be lawful for the judge of the high court ofadmiralty, or the judge

Majesty's in- of any other court lawfully commissioned to take cognizance of

stractions re-

lativeto prize, upon due proof of the breach of any of his Majesty's in-

prizes , or for structions relating to prizes, or of any offence against the law of

offences com- nations committed by the captors in relation to any prize, or to

mittedbycap- the persons taken on board the fame, to condemn the prize to

tors against

thelaw of his Majesty's use and disposal, save as herein above is directed

nations. with respect to breaking of bulk or embezzlement ; and where

the prize hath been taken by a ship having a commifsion or

letter of marque to revoke the same, and to pronounce the bond

to be forfeited, and to compel payment of the penalty secured

thereby, subject nevertheless to an appeal to the lords-commif-

fioners of appeals in prize-causes .

XLV. And whereas great numbers of ships of foreign nations may

pass thefeas laden with naval stores, intended to be carried to theports

of France, whereby his Majesty's enemies may not only be enabled

and encouraged tofit out and arm privateers to destroy the trade ofbis

Majesty'ssubjects, but may also besupplied with materials to build and

fit out ships ofwar, to annoy and invade his Majesty's dominions : and

whereas divers ships of foreign nations, laden as aforesaid , may be

taken and brought into the ports of Great Britain, and the purchase of

such naval flores, laden on boardfuchships of foreign nations for the

service of his Majesty, may in many cases be expedient withoutproceed-

Navy or vic- ing to the condemnation thereof ; be it therefore further enacted, That

tualling board it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal officers and

naval stores

maypurchase commissioners of his Majesty's navy or victualling board for the

found on time being, or their officers or agents, during the continuance of

board foreign the present war, to purchase on the account or for the service of his

ships . Majesty, his heirs and successors only, all or any such naval stores

found on board any such ships of foreign nations, which have

been or shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the ports

of this kingdom by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, or by

any private thips or vessels of war, or other ships or vessels having

acommission or letters of marque; and that the commissioners and

officers of the customs for the time being shall and may permit

and suffer such naval stores so purchased as aforesaid, to be en-

tered and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom, any

thing in an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of the

reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An

actfor the encouraging and increasing ofshipping and navigation, or

2Nico in

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. 1043

in any other statute made subsequent thereto , contained to the

contrarythereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Punishingper-

fons shall falsely make oath to any of the matters herein-before fons guilty of

forgery or

required to be verified on oath, or suborn any other person so to counterfeiting

do , such person or persons thall suffer the like pains and penalties letters of

asare incurredby persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury ; marque.

and that ifany person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter , or

falsifyany commission for war, or letter ofmarque, or any warrant

for making out the fame, or any certificate required or directed by

this act to be obtained, or shall pubiish or make use of any such

commission for war, or warrant for making out the fame, or any

certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited,

erased, altered, or falsified , such person or persons thall for every

such offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be

recovered, together with full costs of suit , by action of debt,

bill , plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of

record in Great Britain, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager

of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where the offence ofOffences.com-

taking a false oath, or suborning any person so to do , or any of mitted out of

therealm may

the offences by this act made cognizable in any of his Majesty's be alleged to

courts of record in Great Britain shall be committed out of this be committed

realm , the famemay be alleged to be committed, and may be laid, in any county

inquired of , tried, and determined in any county in England , in in England.

the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same

had been actually done or committed within the body of such

county . XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all appraisements Directions for

and sales of any ship or ships, goods , wares, or merchandize as appointing

shall be taken by any of his Majesty's ships ofwar, shall be made prize-agents.

by agents appointed by the flag-officers or flag-officer, captains or

captain , officers or officer, ships' companies or company, and

others entitled thereto ; that is to say, that if the flag- officers or

flag-officer of any fleet or squadron of ships as thall take any such

S

prize or prizes, or the majority, if more than one, shall appoint

one or more person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid , then

the captains and commanders or captain and commander entitled

2

thereto, or the majority of them, if more than one, may appoint

the like number to act for them; and all the other officers under

the degree of a captain and commander may appoint the like

✔ number to act for them ; and all the crews of the several ships'

companiesof the fleet or squadron, or ship's company, and others

entitled thereto, may likewise appoint the like number to act for

them in such appraisements and sales ; and in the case of hired

armed ships, if the captain shall appoint one or more person agent

or agents, the crew shall appoint a like number to act for them

in such appraisements and sales .

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Agents tore-

or persons who shall be so nominated and appointed agent or gifter their

agents as aforesaid, for any prize or prizes taken by any ship or powers of

3X2thips, attorney .

1044 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. [ 1803 .

ships, vessel or vessels of war, or for receiving the bounty herein-

after granted, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said

high court of admiralty in Great Britain, in the respective courts

ofadmiralty in America, or in any other his Majesty's dominions,

where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be pro-

ceeded against, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney,

appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes aforesaid ; and if any person or persons so appointed agent or agents

as aforesaid, shall, without sufficient cause to be approved by the

court, omit or delay so to do for the space of twenty days after the

monition has been taken out in the said high court of admiralty

in Great Britain, or in any court of vice-admiralty in America,

or other his Majesty's dominions for the care and distribution of

which he or they shall be appointed agent or agents, such person

or persons so omitting or delaying shall forfeit the sum of five

pounds, to be recovered by him or them who shall fue for the

fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any court

of record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majesty's dominions, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Agents togive

L. And be it further enacted , That every agent when he shall

security.

register the first letter or letters of attorney, which in pursuance

of this act he shall register after the passing thereof, shall at the

fame time give security in the sum of five thousand pounds to the

court of admiralty in which such letter or letters shall be regif-

tered, for the due execution of his trust in all matters of prize-

agency that shall be committed to his care during the present

war ; and if he shall neglect or refuse so to do, such letter or let-

ters of attorney shall be null and void, and he shall be for ever

disabled from acting as an agent in matters of prize.

Registers of

courts of ad-

miralty to

enter powers

ofattorney.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the register or registers

of his Majesty's high court of admiralty, and of all other

courts of admiralty in his Majesty's dominions, shall from time

to time duly enter or register, or cause to be entered or registered,

in one or more book or books, to be by him or them kept for that

purpose only, all letters of attorney that shall be exhibited or

delivered to them after the passing of this act, by any agent or

agents for any prize or prizes taken or to be taken by any of his

Majesty's ships or vessels of war or hired armed ships, or by any

agent or agents for the receipt and distribution of any bounty-bill

or bills, within fourteen days after the same shall be so exhibited or

delivered to such register or registers at his or their respective

offices, which registry shall contain the days of delivery and

entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places

of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of

the ships of war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt,

funk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the names of the ships

or vessels by which such prizes thall have been taken, or by

which such ships of war or privateers of the enemy shall have

been taken, burnt, funk, or otherwise destroyed, together with

the date of the condemnation, if any condemnation shall have

passed thereon, and of the appeal, ifany interposed; and the re-

gifte !

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 160. 1045

gifter or registers thall, on the twenty- sixth day of December and

the twenty- fifth day of June, or within forty days thereafter in

every year, transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of the said hof-

pital, or to the lawful deputy of such treasurer for the time being,

a true copy or transcript under his or their hand or hands of all

such entries as aforesaid, within the preceding half year ; and if

such register or registers shall neglect or refuse to make or keep

such entries, or to transmit or deliver such copies thereof as

aforesaid, within the respective times herein - before limited for

that purpose, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the

fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt ,

bill , plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of

record, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law,

or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII . And be it further enacted, That the registers of every Registers of

vice-admiralty court, shall, on the twenty-sixth day of December vice -admi- ralty courts

and twenty- fifth day of June in every year, transmit to the re- to transmit a

gifter of the high court of admiralty, a list of all the prizes that lift of prizes

have been adjudged in their courts respectively, together with adjudged.

the names of the capturing ships, and their commanders, and

the agents of the captors, and a copy of the decretal part of the

sentences upon the fame; which lifts shall be hung up for publick

inspection in the registry at doctors commons, together with fi-

milar lifts of the prizes adjudged in the high court of admiralty,

and in the court of appeal .

LIII. Provided always, That if any agent or agents shall be Agents ap-

appointed after the time any sentence of condemnation in any ofpointed after

condemnation

the said courts of admiralty, shall be given, such agent or agents of prizes to

shall , under the aforesaid penalty, register or cause to be registered, register their

in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letters or letter of powers of

attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforesaid , attorney .

within the space of twenty days after the date of the said letter

or letters of attorney.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the register or re- Registers to

to

gifters of all and every the court and courts of admiralty in anyGreenwich

of his Majesty's plantations in America, or elsewhere in any of his hospital copies

Majesty's dominions, shall yearly and every year, upon the ofletters of

twenty-third day of October, or within three calendar months attorney re-

next after the fame, make out and transcribe true copies of all giftered in

and every such letter and letters of attorney as shall be so re-

their courts .

giftered in the said court or courts, to which the judge and

judges of the said court and courts shall affix his and their seal

of office, and then the said register and registers shall transmit the

same to the treasurer of the said royal hospital at Greenwich to be

there registered, and to be inspected by any person gratis, the

charges of which copies, and affixing the seal or seals thereto ,

and transmitting the same to the treasurer of the said hospital,

shall be paid by the said agent or agents at the time of making

such registry as aforesaid ; and in case such register or registers

shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such copy and

copies of the said letter and letters of attorney in manner aforesaid

(if

1046 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [1803.

( if any ship or ships in that time shall fail from that port or place

to any port or ports in Great Britain) , such register and registers

so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the sum of five hundred

pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will fue for the

same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court

of record in Great Britain or America , or elsewhere, in any other

of his Majesty's dominions, in which no essoign, protection ,

or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed .

LV. And, for the better and more effectual making such letters of

attorney evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom the fame

True copies ofshall be made, be it further enacted, That true copies of such

letters of at- letter or letters of attorney, and of transcripts under seal tranf-

torney and re- mitted by the said register or registers of the court and courts of

to be evidence of

admiralty in his Majesty's plantations in America, and elsewhere

agency.

within his Majesty's dominions, and registered by the said trea-

furer of Greenwich hospital , shall from time to time and at all .

times hereafter, be good and sufficient evidence of the agency of

the person or persons to whom such letter of attorney is or hall

be made, and from time to time and at all times hereafter thall

be admitted without further or other proof thereof to be legal

evidence in all his Majesty's courts of record of law or equity ;

any law, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

Notification to

LVI. And be it further enacted, That, after the sale or sales

be given by of any prize or prizes which have been or shall be taken from

agents of the the enemy by any of his Majesty's ships of war or hired armed

payment of

prize- money, thips, publick notification in manner hereinafter mentioned shall

be given by the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, for the

payment of the several shares to the captors aforesaid ; that is to

say, if the prize or prizes shall have been or shall be condemned

in his Majesty's high court of admiralty of Great Britain, then

the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this act, for the appraisement and sale

of such prize or prizes, shall insert and publish , or cause to be

inserted and published, such notification under his or their hand

or hands respectively, in the London Gazette, and if in any court

of vice-admiralty, then in some gazette or newspaper of publick

authority, of the island or place where the prize or prizes mall

have been or shall be condemned ; and if there shall be no gazette

or such other newspaper published there, then in some or one of

the most publick newspapers of such island or place ; and all

persons or agents publishing or causing to be published every

such notification respectively shall deliver to the collector, cuf-

tomer, or searcher for the time being, of his Majesty's customs ,

residing at or belonging to the port or place where the prize or

prizes shall have been or shall be condemned, or the lawful de-

puty or deputies of such collector , customer, or searcher ; and if

there shall be no such collector, customer, or searcher, then such

persons or agents as aforesaid shall deliver to the principal officer

or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes shall have

been or shall be condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of

1805. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 160. 1047

of such principal officer or officers, three of those gazettes or

other newspapers in which such notification shall be so inserted

and published; and if there should not be any publick newspapers

in any such island or place, then such person or persons, agent

or agents, shall give three such notifications in writing under his

or their respective hand or hands to the said collector, customer,

or searcher, or the deputy or deputies of such collector, customer,

or searcher, or where there hall be no such collector, customer,

or searcher, to such principal officer or officers, or his or their

deputy or deputies aforesaid ; and every such collector, customer,

or searcher, and principal officer or officers, or such deputy or

deputies, shall subscribe his or their name or names on some

conspicuous part of both the said gazettes, newspapers, or written

notifications respectively ; and by the first ship which shall fail

(after his or their receipt of such gazettes, newspapers, or written

notifications, respectively) from such port or place to any port in

Great Britain, thall transmit or send to the treasurer of the royal

hospital at Greenwich , or the deputy of such treasurer for the

time being, one of the said gazettes, newspapers, or written no-

tifications, with his or their name or names so subscribed to and

upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and another

direction to the treasurer of the navy, or his Majesty's paymaster

of the navy in London, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the

other of the said three gazettes , newspapers, or written notifi-

cations, with his or their name or names thereon subscribed as

aforesaid, in his or their custody ; and that in every such printed

or written notification as aforesaid the said person or persons,

agent or agents, shall insert or specify his or their place or places

of abode, and the precise day of the month and year appointed

for the payment of the several and respective shares of the prize

or prizes to the captors ; and all such notifications, with respect

to prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britain, thall

be published in the London Gazette three days at least before any

part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes shall

be paid to any such person or persons entitled thereto ; and all

such notifications with respect to prizes condemned , or to be

condemned in any other part of his Majesty's dominions, shall be

delivered to the said collector, customer, or searcher, or principal

officer or officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respectivede-

puty or deputies, three days at least before any part or parts,

share, or proportion of any such prize or prizes, shall be paid to

any person or persons entitled thereto ; after which several and

✓ respective notifications, if any man's share shall remain in the

hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, either be-

longing to such men as shall be run from his Majesty's service,

or which shall not be legally demanded within three years, then

such share or shares so remaining in the person's or agent's hands,

or belonging to such men as shall run from his Majesty's service,

shall go and be paid to the treasurer of Greenwich hospital . LVII. And be it further enacted, That, together with

the

gazette, newspaper, or written notification so to be delivered to Notice also to

be givenof the

amount of an

the individual

1048 Annoregni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 160. [1803.

share ineach the collector, customer, or searcher, or to their lawful deputy or

class, &c. deputies, or to the principal officer or his deputy or deputies,

there shall be delivered by the agent or agents a written notifi-

cation of the amount of an individual share in each class, which

notification shall be transmitted to the treasurer of Greenwich

hospital, or his deputy ; and a similar notification shall in like

manner be delivered, and afterwards transmitted to the treasurer

of the navy, or the paymaster of the navy in London ; and if the

prize shall have been condemned in the high court of admiralty

in Great Britain a written notification to the like effect thall be

transmitted by the agent or agents, immediately upon publication

of notice for payment in the London Gazette, to the treasurer of

the navy or the paymaster of the navy in London.

Penalty for

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or agent

neglect of

appointed or to be appointed for appraisement or sale of any prize

givingnotice

or prizes, taken or to be taken from the enemy by any of his

of payments ofprize-mo-

Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or hired armed vessel, or for the

ney , or not

distribution of any bounty-money, shall neglect or refuse to

transmitting publish, give, or deliver any notification herein directed or re-

notices.

quired to be published, given, or delivered, or thall not give,

publish, or deliver, any such notification before the payinent of

any part of such prize or bounty- money, and within the times

herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or shall not

specify or fet forth in such notification the matters and things

herein directed to be specified and fet forth, every such person or

agent shall for such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint,

or

information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Great

Britain or America, or elsewhere in any of his Majesty's domi-

nions, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law,

or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; and if any collector, customer, or searcher of his Majesty's customs, or prin-

cipal officer or officers , or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid,

shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit

or send any such gazette, newspaper, or written notification as

aforesaid, in such manner as is before directed, every such collector, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers , or such

deputy or deputies so offending, shall for every such offence for-

feit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered

in the same manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued

for and recovered .

Notifications registered at

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the notifications in all

such gazettes , newspapers, and in writing respectively as afore-

theroyal hospital tobe

said, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such collector,

evidence of

customer, or searcher , or principal officer or officers, or such

agency.

deputy or deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said royal

hospital, on proof of the hand- writing of such collector, customer,

searcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from

time to time and at all times, shall be good and sufficient evidence

in all his Majesty's courts of law and equity and admiralty, that

the person or persons whose name or names is or are therein fet

forth

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. с. 160. 1049

forth and specified as the agent or agents for the prize or prizes

therein respectively mentioned, is or are such agent or agents .

LX . And be it further enacted, That all agents appointed Before pay-

mall, after the sale of any prize is completed, and before the ment of prizes a

time of the first payment of the prize-money to be distributed, ex- copyof the

hibit in the respective court of admiralty in which the prize was account of

condemned, or in the high court of admiralty, a copy of their ac- sale to be

coun's of sales duly verified upon oath, which copy shall be exhibited in

the court of

deposited in the publick registry of the court, and all parties admiralty.

interested shall have liberty to object to the charges therein contained ; and the said court shall confirm or disallow the accounts

upon hearing the objections, and shall make such further order

touching the said accounts, or the distribution of the proceeds,

as the cafe may require; and any agent who shall neglect or

refuse to bring in a copy of his accounts at the time hereby

directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having ex-

hibited a copy of the said accounts duly verified on oath, or

who shall refuse or neglect to obey an order for the distribution

of the proceeds, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to

the use ofGreenwich hospital, to be recovered by action of debt,

bill , plains or information , in any any of his Majesty's courts of

record in any of his Majesty's dominions, in which no essoign,

protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one impar-

lance , shall be allowed ; and shall moreover be subject to the

process of the court of admiralty, by monition and attachment,

until he has beyed the order of the said court , by exhibiting a

copy of the said accounts duly verified as aforesaid, and until the

said accounts thall be duly confirmed, and the proceeds distri-

buted and pail; and it shall be lawful for the said court to pro-

nounce the bond given with the letter or letters of agency to be

forfeited , and to levy the penalties secured thereby from the

sureties in the said bond.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Judge of

the judge of the high court of admiralty, in all cases in which admiralty-

the regular time of appeal is elapsed, or in which the appeal hath court to

order diftri.

been determined, to make an order for the distribution of the bution of

proceeds, and to enforce the fame by the process of the said proceeds.

court, in the mamer above provided, upon the agent or agents

in whose hands the proceeds may be lodged, or to whom the

proceeds, having teen deposited in the Bank, or vested in pub-

Jick sureties under any order of the court, may, by a further

order of the said court, have been returned, and likewise by fur-

ther process againf the sureties of the said agent or agents.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for In cases

the judge of the high court of admiralty, in all cases wherein anywhere fen-

of con-

sentence of condemnation pronounced in the said court is ap- demnation is

pealed from, at the time of serving the inhibition thereon, or at pronounced

any time thereafer during the pendency of the said appeal , and the judge

without prejudice to such appeal, to assign the agent or agents, thall assign

theagent

or other persons, in whose hands the proceeds of the prize may to bring in

have come, at the prayer of either party , to bring into and leaveproceeds of

in sale, tobe

1050 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. [1803.

Bank. Lodged in the in the registry the net proceeds of the sales of such prize, deduct-

ing therefrom so much as in the discretion of the judge shall be

requisite to be left in the hands of the agent or agents for the

expences ofdefending the said appeal ; and the proceeds so brought

in shall be deposited in the bank of England , or in case the parties

shall agree thereto, in some publick securities , at interest, in the

names of the register or deputy register, and of such trustees as

the parties shall appoint and the court shall approve ; any thing

in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

Agents to

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of con-

veit the pro-

ceeds ofpro.

demnation in the high court of admiralty, where there is no

claimant or appellant before the court , it shall be lawful for the

perty con- demnedin

said court at the prayer of the captors to compel the agents by

fe-

publickle the process of monition and attachment to vest the proceeds of the

instance of

property condemned in such publick securities as the captors

thecaptors.

shall elect, there to remain and accumulate for the benefit of the

parties entitled, till the time of appeal shall be lapsed, subject

nevertheless to the further directions of the court upon the appli-

cation of the captors ; and in all cases of condemnation in any

court of vice-admiralty, where there is no claimant or appellant

before the court, it shall be lawful for the said court, at the

prayer of the captors, to direct the property captured , or the

proceeds thereof , to be forthwith transmitted to Creat Britain ,

there to be vested in such publick securities (after being fold, if

not already converted by sale) as the captors shall dect, until the

regular time of appeal shall have lapsed, subject nevertheless to the

directions of the high court of admiralty upon the application of

the captors .

Agents to advertise

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every agent shall, ten

their exhi-

days before he exhibits his account of sales in the registry of the

hiting accounts of

high court of admiralty, cause advertisements tobe twice inserted

in the London Gazette, notifying to all persons concerned, that

sales.

the account of sales of such prize or prizes wil be brought into

the registry of the said court.

Agentsto

keepoffice

open two

days a- week

for payment

ofshares.

LXV. And be it further enacted , That every prize- agent

shall, for one year after the time of distribution has commenced,

keep an office open two days at least in every week, during the

usual hours of attendance for the payment of shares remaining

due, which days shall be specified in the notfication of payment

published in the gazette.

LXVI. And whereas petty officers, Seamen , and marines in his

Majesty's service have improvidently executed powers of attorney, by

which they transfer the interest in all prizes which they may be con-

No power of cerned in taking after the execution of the fame : be it therefore

attorney given by seamen for

enacted, That no power of attorney given by any petty officer,

seaman, or marine, or soldier serving as marine in his Majesty's

the receipt

service, shall be valid and effectual for the receipt of prize- money,

ofprize- money shall

unless the same shall specify the name of the captured ship or

bevalid un-

vessel, from the condemnation of which, or ler cargo, the said

less it thallprize-money shall have arisen, together with the name of his Majesty's

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 160. 1051

Majesty's ship of war by which the same was taken, nor unless specify the

the fame be executed pursuant to the directions contained in an name of the

captured

act, passed in the twenty- sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, ship, and

intituled, An actfor preventing frauds and abuses attending the pay- thip by

ment of wages, prize-money, and other allowances due for the service which it was

of petty officers and seamen on board any of his Majesty's ships ; and taken, and

also in an act passed in the thirty-second year of his said Majesty's fuant to

executed pur-

reign, intituled, An act for explaining and amending an act passed 26Geo. 3 .

in the twenty- sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c . 63 .

•An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the 32Geo. 3.

payment of wages, prize-money, and other allowances due for thefer. C. 34. &c.

vice of petty officers and seamen on board any of his Majesty's hips;

and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen,

non - commissioned officers of marines, and marines serving, or who may

haveferved on board any of his Majesty'sships ; and also another act

passed in the thirty -second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for explaining and amending an alt passed in

the twenty- sixth year of the reign of bis Majesty, intituled, An act

for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of

wages, prize-money, and other allowances due for thefervice ofpetty

officers andfeamen on board any of bis Majesty'sships ; and forfur-

therextending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, non-commissioned officers ofmarines, and marines serving, or who may have

servedon board any ofbis Majesty'sships ; and unless the fame shall

be examined and verified in the manner directed bythe said act

of the thirty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, for

orders not exceeding seven pounds.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the stamp -duty Stamp- duty

on such instrument or special power of attorney, not more than on such

the sum ofone shilling shall be paid. powers of

attorney Is.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or per- Persons run-

fons belonging to any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or ning away

to any merchant-ship employed in his Majesty's service, who not to be en-

shall run away or withdraw him or themselves from the ship or titled to

vessel by which any prize or prizes shall be taken from any of prize- money.

his Majesty's enemies, or otherwise from his Majesty's service,

before or after notifications shall be given by the persons or

agents appointed as aforesaid, of the day appointed for the payment of the several shares to the captors of the said prize or

prizes, shall have or be entitled to have, or claim any interest in,

or benefit of the said share or shares of the said prize or prizes,

or the bounty- money aforesaid, or any part thereof that shall

then remain unpaid, but such share and thares of such prize or

prizes, and bounty-money, shall go and be paid to the use of

Greenwich hospital, subject to the provisoes and exemptions

hereinbefore mentioned.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every person Accounts of

and persons, agent and agents, and others, who shall fell and receipts and

otherwise dispose of any prize or prizes so to be taken as afore payments to

be transmitted

said from any of his Majesty's enemies, shall, within the space of to the trea-

three calendar months next after the day to be appointed for the furer of

first Greenwich hospital .

1052 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 160. [ 1803 .

first payment or distribution to the captors of such prize or prizes

made in pursuance of such publick notification as aforesaid, make

out, and transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of the said royal

hospital at Greenwich for the time being, or to such person or

persons as he shall for that purpose depute or appoint , a true

state and account in writing under the hand or hands of such

agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, of the produce

of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account

of the payments of the several shares to the captors as shall then

have been really and truly by him or them respectively paid,

and also that all and every person and persons authorised and appointed by this present act, to receive bills for the bounty hereby

granted shall , within the like space of three calendar months

next after the day appointed for the first payment or distribution

of such bills, for the bounty as aforesaid, in like manner make

out, and transmit or deliver to the treasurer for the time being of

the said hospital, or to his sufficient deputy, a true state and account in writing, under his or their hand or hands, of the payment and distribution of such bills ; and further, that all and

every person and persons, agents and others, who by virtue of

this act shall sell or dispose of any prize or prizes which already

have been, or shall at any time or times hereafter be taken from

the said enemy by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or

hired armed ships, or who shall receive or dispose of any bill or

bills for bounty, such person and persons, agents, and others, fo

felling and disposing thereof , shall, within the space of three

calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three

years limited by this act, make out an exact account in writing

of the produce of such prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty,

as also of the payments of the several shares to the respective

captors, together with a true andjuft account , upon oath, to be

taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being,

or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed

and authorised, in writing under his hand and seal, which oath

the said treasurer of the said hospital, and a sufficient deputy and

deputies authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and

empowered to administer, of all fum and sums of money as shall

be then remaining in such agent or agents' , or person or persons'

custody, power, or possession, and shall at the same time deliver,

or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for

the time being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the said accounts so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such

remaining sum and sums ofmoney then so left and remaining in

his or their hands as aforesaid, taking from the said treasurer or

his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquit-

tances for the fame.

Penalty for

notdeliver-

ingaccounts

ornotpay-

ing balances.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person

and persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the

accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to tranf-

mit or deliver all or any such account or accounts to the trea-

furer of the said hospital , or his said deputy or agent, within the

time

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 160. 1053

time before limited and appointed, in manner and form as herein-

before mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over all

and every such sum and fums of money as shall remain in his or

their hand or hands, power, custody, or possession, after the term

ofthree years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, for every such

offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above

asum equal to the money then in such agent's hands ; one-third

part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two

thirds to the said royal hospital, to be recovered, with costs of

suit , by action ofdebt , bill , plaint , or information, in any of his

Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoign, protection, pri-

vilege , or wager of law , or more than one imparlance, shall be

allowed.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any fraud, collu- Penalty for

fion, or deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, com-

frauds in

mitted, permitted, or done, or suffered, in making, stating, or

stating accounts.

balancing any such accounts, then every person or persons who

shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their aiders and

abetters, thall forfeit and pay for every such offence, the fum of

five hundred pounds, one-third part whereof to be to the use of

his Majesty, and one other third to the use of the said hospital,

and the other third to the informer who shall sue for the same,

to be recovered with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint,

or information in any court of record, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance

hall be allowed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no agent or agents No agent to

for prize or bounty-money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, be sued for

or arrested, by any person or persons who shall be made run run men ,

unless he re-

from his Majesty's service in the lift to be duly certified of the fufe to pay

names of the officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who prize-money

shall be actually on board any of his Majesty's ships of war at after produc-

the taking of any prize or prizes, unless the person or persons fo tion of the

certificate of

made run shall, before any action brought , obtain a certificate of Rbeing

his or their R or R's being taken off , and the forfeiture of his or taken off .

their shares of such prizes and bounty-monies being discharged

by the commissioners of his Majesty's navy who subscribed the

said lift, and shall produce such certificate to the said agent or

agents respectively, and unless the said agent or agents, on the

producing of such certificate or certificates, shall refuse to pay

the said prize or bounty-money, in cafe the same be due and

payable according to the directions in his Majesty's proclama-

tion , within three months after any such demand made and such

certificate produced.

LXXIII . And be it further enacted, That, from and after Notice ofdif-

the passing of this act, all and every person and persons, agent tribution of

and agents, already appointed or to be appointed by the flag bounty to be

inserted in the

officers or flag-officer, captains or captain, officers or officer , Gazette.

ship's companies or ship's company, and others, of any of his

Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or hired armed ships, for the

dif-

1054 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III . C. 160. [1803.

distribution of any bounty-bill or bills given or granted by virtue

of this act, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and

published under his or their hand or hands, in the London

Gazette, three days at least before the payment or distribution of

any such bounty-bill or bills, publick notification of the precise

day of the month and year appointed for the payment of such

bounty-money, and shall insert in every such notification the

place or places of his or their abode.

Where noti-

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where

fication of

a publick notification hath during the present war been given, or

payments hall not be

shall be given before the respective times herein-before mentioned

given in good

for the giving of notifications in Great Britain and other parts of

time , they

his Majesty's dominions, of the payment of any prize or bounty-

shall be given money in respect of any of his Majesty's thips or vessels of war,

incertain

periods. or hired armed ships, and the particular and precise day whereon

such payment did or shall commence, and the name or names,

and place or places of abode of the person or persons, agent or

agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and

sale of any such prize or prizes , or distribution of any such

bounty-money , was not or shall not be fet forth and specified in

such publick notification, the person or persons, agent or agents,

appointed or to be appointed for the appraisement and sale of

every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in his

Majesty's high court ofadmiralty in Great Britain, or for the dif-

tribution of anyfuch bounty-money shall, on or before the twenty-

sixth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three, and

the person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be

appointed for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or

prizes condemned or to be condemned in any court or courts of

admiralty, in any other of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, or

in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or for the distri-

bution of any such bounty-money , shall, on or before the twenty-

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four , and the

person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed

for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majesty's

dominions, or for the distribution of any such bounty, shall, on

or before the twenty fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four respectively, give notification under his or their

hand or hands respectively, of the precise day of the month and

the year appointed for the payment of the shares of such prize or

bounty- money respectively, and shall specify in every such notifi-

cation his or their place or places of abode ; and all such notifica-

tions shall be published, or given and delivered, attested and

transmitted, by and to such person and persons, and in such man-

ner as the notifications to be published or given are herein-before

directed and required to be published or given, and delivered,

attested, and transmitted.

Application LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and

ofpenalties not otherwise forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than such as are otherwise parti

disposedof .

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 160. 1055

particularly disposed of , shall be applied , one moiety to the

informer or informers, and one moiety to the use of the royal

hospital for seamen at Greenwich.

LXXVI . And be it further enacted, That all penalties and How penalties

forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or to be given to

Greenwich

given to the use of the said royal hospital at Greenwich by this hospital may

present act , or by any other act or act acts of parliament , shall and be fued for .

maybe fued for and recovered in the name of the commissioners

and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in

the county of Kent.

LXXVII. And, for the more speedy bringing of offenders tojuf-

tice , and to prevent the inconveniencies occasioned by the want of

frequently holding a session of admiralty for the trial of offences committed on the highfeas ; be it further enacted, That, from and after Sessions to be

the passing of this act, a session of Oyer and Terminer and gaol beld for the

delivery for the trial of offences committed on the high feas, fences com.

within the jurisdiction of the admiralty of England , shall be held mitted on the

twice at the least in every year at justice-hall in the Old Bailey, high feas.

London (except at such times as the sessions of Oyer and Terminer

and gaol delivery for the city of London and county of Middlesex ,

shall be appointed to be there held), or in such other place within

that part of Great Britain called England , and at such times in

each year, as the lord high-admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high -admiral of Great

Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall,

by anyletter or order in writing under their hands, directed to the

judge of the high court of admiralty of England for the time

being , appoint.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Justices, as

the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful, not only to well as com

missioners of

and for any one or more of the commissioners for the time being, Oyer and

named in the commission of Oyer and Terminer for the trying ofTerminer,

offences committed within the jurisdiction of the admiralty ofmay take in-

England , but also to and for any one or more of the justices of formation of

offences.

the peace for the time being of any county, riding, division, or

place, within that part of Great Britain called England, and they

are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, from time to

time, to take any information or informations, of any witness or

witnesses, in writing upon oath, touching any murder, piracy ,

felony, or robbery, done or committed, or charged to have been

done or committed in or upon the fea , or in any haven, river,

creek , or place, where the admiral or admirals hath or have

power, authority, or jurisdiction, and thereupon (if such commissioner or commissioners, or justice or justices of the peace respectively shall see cause) by any warrant or warrants under his

or their hand and seal or hands and seals, to cause the person or

persons accused in such information or informations, to be ap-

prehended and committed to the gaol of the county or place

wherein the same information or informations shall be taken,

there to remain until discharged by due course of law.

LXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the Persons ne-

said commissioners or justices of the peace, who shall cause any ceffary to

such give evidence

1056 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C.160. [ 1803 .

to enter into such person or persons to be committed as is last-mentioned>

recogni-

shall , and he or they is or are hereby respectively required at the

zance to appearatthe

fame time, to oblige all and every such other person or persons,

sessions.

whom such commissioner or commissioners, or a justice or jul-

tices of the peace, shall judge necessary , to prosecute and give

evidence against the person or persons who shall be so committed

as aforesaid, to enter into one or more recognizance or recog-

nizances to his Majesty, in a fuficient penalty for his, her, or

their appearing at the then next session of Oyer and Terminer and

goal delivery, to be held for the jurisdiction of the admiralty of

England, there to prosecute and give evidence against the person

or persons who shall be committed as aforesaid ; and if any person shall refuse to enter into such recognizance to prosecute or

give evidence, as shall be required, he, she, or they so refusing

shall be committed by any such commissioner or commissioners,

justice or justices, to the gaol of the county or place in which the

person so refusing shall be, until the next sessions of admiralty

thall be held, or such persons shall enter into such recognizance

as shall be required as aforesaid, which recognizance or recog-

nizances, together with the information or informations taken

touching the offence or offences wherewith the person or persons

to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said commissioner or commissioners, or justice or justices of the peace,

before whom the same shall be taken, shall and they are hereby

respectively required to transmit with all convenient speed to the

register for the time being of the high court of admiralty of

England , to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the

time being of the fame court, and afterwards to be kept among

the records of that court .

Marshal of

the admi-

ralty, &c. to

execute

warrants.

LXXX. And be it further enacted , That the marshal of the

admiralty for the time being, and his deputy or deputies , and all

sheriffs , bailiffs , stewards, constables, headboroughs, tything-men ,

keepers of gaols and prisons, and all other officers whatsoever

for keeping of the peace (as well within liberties as without)

thall, and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorifed and required from time to time diligently to execute, perform, and obey all such precept and precepts, warrant and war-

rants, and other order and orders, as shall at any time or times

hereafter be made, directed, issued, or given to them or any of

them respectively, by one or more of the said commissioners

named in the commission of Oyer and Terminer, or justices of the

peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, touching any of the

matters or things herein contained.

Continuance

of act .

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

this act shall continue in force during the present war and no

longer, fave and except as to all such matters and things as thail

be depending in judgement in the high court of admiralty, or

other courts of admiralty in his Majesty's dominions abroad, or

court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Britain, at

the time when the present war shall cease ; and also save and except as to all such other matters and things, which shall be

brought into judgement before the said high court of admiralty ,

ог

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1057

or other courts of admiralty in his Majesty's dominions abroad,

or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Britain,

inconsequence of any capture or captures made during the pre-

fent war, or of any offence committed contrary to this act, in

respect whereof this act shall continue in full force, until

such matters and every thing dependant thereupon shall be

finally adjudged and determined.

CAP. CLXI .

An att for repealing thefeveral duties under the management of the

commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and granting new duties in

lieu thereof ; for granting new duties in certain cafes therein mentioned;for repealing the duties ofexcise on licences, and on carriages

constructed by coachmakers, and granting new duties thereon, under

themanagement of the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes ;

and also new duties on persons felling carriages by auction, or on

commission .- [August 12, 1803. ]

WHEREAS HEREAS the several acts in relation to the duties on houses ,

windows, and lights, and to the duties on inhabited houses,

which were consolidated with the duties granted by an act , passed in

the last fession of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his

Majesty certain additional duties on windows or lights, and on

inhabited houses, and for consolidating the fame with the present

duties thereon; and also the several acts in relation to the duties on

malefervants, carriages, horses , mules , anddogs, which were consoli-

dated with the duties granted by another act , passed in the lastfeffion

of parliament, intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty certain

additional duties on servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs,

and for consolidating the fame with the present duties thereon ;

and also certain alts, passed in the thirty- sixth and forty - first years of

the reign of his present Majesty respectively, intituled, the one thereof ,

An act for repealing the duties on licences to persons using or

exercising the business of an horse-dealer, and granting new duties

in lieu thereof ; and the other thereof , An act for transferring the

receipt and management of the duties on licences for using or

exercising the trade and business of an horse- dealer, from the

commissioners of stamps to the commissioners for the affairs of

taxes, and also for making further provisions in respect to the

faidduties so transferred ; and also an act, passed in the forty- first

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties on certificates for wearing hair- powder, or using armorial bearings, from

the commissioners of stamps to the commissioners for the affairs

of taxes, and also for making further provisions in respect of the

said duties so transferred, might be more effectually carried into

execution, if the provisions for ascertaining, charging, and affeffing

the fame, were comprised in one act, and varied and amended infome

respects;be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords spi-

ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

3YVOL. XLIV , assembled ,

1058 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [1803 .

Duties tobe assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and

leviedfrom

the 5th April after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four,

1804 in Eng. throughout that part of Great Britain called England , Wales,

land, and and Berwick-upon-Tweed ; and from and after the twenty- fourth

from the 24th day of May one thousand eight hundred and four , throughout

May 1804 in Scotland, in lieu and instead of the duties granted by or contained

Scotland, according to in the several schedules annexed to the said recited acts, and

the schedules hereinafter repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, col-

annexed to

lected, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs

this act, in

licu of the

and successors, upon houses, windows, and lights, as set forth

former duties. in the schedule to this act annexed, marked ( A. ) ; and upon

inhabited houses, as fet forth in the schedule to this act annexed,

marked ( B. ) ; and upon all male servants retained or employed by any person or persons in any of the several capacities

mentioned in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (C. ) ;

and upon all carriages of any of the descriptions mentioned in

the schedules to this act annexed, marked (D. ) ; and upon all

horses, mares, and geldings, kept and used by any person or

persons for any of the purposes mentioned in the schedule to this

act annexed, marked (E. ) ; and upon all other horses, mares, or

geldings , not charged with any duty by the before mentioned

schedule ( E. ) ; and upon mules, as described in the schedule to

this act annexed, marked ( F. ) ; and upon all dogs of any of the

descriptions mentioned in the schedule to this act annexed ,

marked ( G. ) ; and upon all horse-dealers residing within the respective limits described in the schedule to this act annexed,

marked ( H.) ; and upon all persons in respect of hair-powder, or

any armorial bearings or ensigns, as respectively fet forth in the

schedules to this act annexed, marked ( I. ) and ( K. ) ; the several

duties respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said

several schedules marked ( A) , ( B) , ( C), ( D) , ( E) , ( F) , ( G),

(H) , ( I ), and ( K) hereunto annexed, which several schedules, and

the rules and exemptions therein contained, shall be deemed and

construed a part of this act, as if the same were incorporated

therewith under a special enactment .

II. And whereas by an act, passed in the twenty- fifth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his

Majesty certain duties upon licences to be taken out by coach-

makers, and also certain duties upon carriages to be built for sale ,

certain excise duties were granted in Great Britain on licences taken

out byfuch coachmakers, and also on carriages withfour or two wheels

respectively, which should be built, or constructedforfale : and whereas

it is expedient that the said duties should be repealed , and other duties

Should be granted in lieu thereof on coachmakers, and on carriages

constructed by themforfale , to be placed under the management of the

Duties of

commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and also, the like duties on

excise on

licences to

persons vending the fame by way of auction, or on commission , for or in

be taken out

the expectation of profit ; be it further enacted, That all duties

1

by coach- makers, and

granted by the said last recited act, shall, from and after the respective days before-mentioned in the respective parts of Great

on carriages

Britain, cease and determine, save and except in all cafes relat-

ing

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1059

ing to the recovering or paying any arrears of the said duties by built for sale

the said act granted , which onthat day shall remain unpaid, and repealed , ex-

the several clauses and provisions for receiving and recovering ceptas to

the fame. Licences to

III. And be it further enacted, That all licences granted or cease from

to be hereafter granted by the said commissioners of excise in the days fixed

England and Scotland respetively shall , from and after the respec- for the

tive days before mentioned, cease and determine, and the said repeal of the

duties, and

commissioners are hereby empowered to make a return of the the commif-

duty paid thereon, in proportion to the time for the duration of fioners of

such licences then to come, and unexpired, to all coachmakers so excise to re-

turn a portion

licensed , who shall demand the fame, at the chief offices of ex- of the duty

cife in London and Edinburgh respectively.

for the time

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the re- of such li-

spective days before mentioned, in England and Scotland respec- cences then

tively , there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his unexpired .

Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, the several duties on coach- Newduties

on coach-

makers, and on carriages built and constructed by them for sale, makers and

in lieu and instead of the duties hereby repealed, and also the on carriages

new duties on persons vending such carriages by auction or built for

commission for or in expectation of profit, severally contained in sale, and on

persons vend-

schedules (D. ) No. 5 and 6., which schedules shall be con - ing carriages

strued a part of this act, and as the other schedules to this act by auction or

are directed to be considered. commission.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the several duties Duties

hereby granted in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, granted by

shall be affefsed , raised, levied, and collected under the regula- this act to

be levied un

tions of an act passed in the present session of parliament, in - derthe regu-

tituled, An actfor consolidating certain of the provisions contained in lations of the

any act or acts relating to the duties under the management of the acts of the

commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the fame ; presentseffion

as the fame

and all the several duties hereby granted in Scotland shall be relate to

affefsed, raised, levied, and collected under the regulations of any England and

act, passed or to be passed in the present session of parliament , for Scotland re-

consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act or spectively.

acts relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the said

act so far as the same relate to Scotland; and all and every the

powers, authorities , methods, rules, directions, penalties , for-

feitures, clauses , matters , and things contained in the said acts

shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and

put in execution throughout the respective parts of Great Britain aforesaid as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes,

as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions,

penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particu-

larly repeated, and re-enacted in the body of this act ; and all

and every the regulations of the said acts thall be respectively

applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to this act, as if

the fame had been specially enacted therein.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the better execu- Commissioners of the

tion of his act , and for the ordering, raising, collecting, levying, landtax

3Y 2

and who shall be

1060 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 161. [1803.

qualified and and paying of the several fums ofmoney hereby made payable,

have taken

theoaths as

all and every the persons who now are, or for the time being,

directed by

shall be commissioners for putting in execution an act, passed

the said acts,

in the thirty- eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

tobe com-

intituled, An altfor the granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-

missioners for tax to be raised in Great Britain, for theservice of the year one

executing this act, and thousandfeven hundred and ninety-eight ; and who shall be respec-

the monies

tively qualified, or authorised to act , and shall have taken the

whenlevied to oaths as directed by the said respective acts passed in the present

be under the session of parliament , shall respectively be commissioners for put-

management

of thecommifting in execution this act, and the powers therein contained, in

fioners for the all and every the respective counties, ridings, cities, boroughs,

affairs of

taxes. cinque ports , towns, and places, privileged or not privileged,

within England, Wales, and Berwick -upon-Tweed, and in all and

every the thires, stewartries, cities, and boroughs in Scotland;

and the several sums of money so levied shall be under the care

and management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for

the time being appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, his

heirs and fuccessors .

Sheriffs de-

VII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

puteand Meriffs fub-

sheriff depute and sheriff substitute in each shire or stewartry in

stitutein Scot- Scotland , shall by virtue of such office, without other qualifica-

land may act tion, execute this and the said last recited act as commissioners

ascommif-

in the shire or stewartry for which they are appointed sheriff

fioners with-

depute and sheriff substitute respectively , and shall not be liable

out other

qualification.

to any penalty or forfeiture for acting therein, without the quali-

fication before required.

Assessor and

collectors

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the assessors and col-

under the

lectors appointed by the said commissioners for any parish, ward,

acts of the

or place , in pursuance of the said recited acts respectively, passed

present sef-

in the present session of parliament, shall be the assessors and

fion, to be

assessorss and

collectors of the several duties granted by this act; and the

collectors of

said commissioners shall cause notice to be given to such persons,

the duties

that they respectively are appointed assessors and collectors of

herebygrant- the said duties hereby granted ; and the several commissioners,

ed.

inspectors, surveyors , assessorss, and collectors, are hereby em-

Commission- powered to do and execute all matters and things in relation to

ers and other the duties by this act granted, which they respectively are em-

officers to

execute the

powered to do and execute in relation to the duties mentioned

powers of the in the said recited acts respectively; and shall severally be sub-

said acts with ject and liable to the like penalties for any neglect or omission

respect to the in the performance of their duty, or any fraud or abuse in ex-

duties hereby

granted , and ecuting the fame, as are inflicted on such officers by the said re-

under the

cited acts respectively for the like offences.

likepenalties

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several persons,

forneglect.

who, as inspectors or surveyors, are or may be authorised to act

Inspectors and survey-

in execution of the said recited acts respectively , passed in the

orsunder the

present session of parliament, shall respectively have the survey

said act to

and inspection of the duties by this act made payable within the

be inspectors and survey-

respective parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall take

accounts of the several dwelling-houses therein, and of the fer-

ors under this

vants

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 161. 1061

vants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, kept by any person or act , and to

persons whatever, and of the several persons liable to the other examine af-

duties in this act mentioned, and of the duties chargeable in fefiments , &c .

respect thereof , and shall inspect and examine the assessments

or certificates thereof made, and to be made from time to time,

in pursuance of this act, and execute all things belonging to

the fame, according to the powers vested in them by this and

the said recited acts respectively, provided that no inspector or No inspector

surveyor, now or hereafter to be appointed, shall act as a com or surveyor to

act as a commissioner in any matter or thing touching the execution of this missioner.

act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every dwelling- house, All houses,

cottage , or tenement, of whatever description, occupied at the occupied at

thetime of

time of making the assessment, shall be brought into charge in making the

respect of the duties set forth in the schedule marked (A) by the affeff

affefsment to

respective assessors, and in their default , by the respective fur- be brought

veyors and inspectors herein-mentioned, according to the num- into charge

ber ofwindows therein, subject to the powers of discharging the according to

the number of

fame as after mentioned ; and every dwelling-house, cottage, or windows and

tenement, and other the premises therewith occupied, and here- in respect to

by charged , as set forth in schedule (B) being, together, of the the inhabited

annual rent of five pounds or upwards, shall also be brought into houses duty,

atthe full

charge in like manner, according to the full and just yearly rent yearly rent at

at which the same is really and bonâ fide worth to be let in re- which the

spect of the duties set forth in the said schedule marked (B); and fameis worth

if any assessors or assessorss shall omit, in the affeffiment of the said to be let .

duties set forth in schedule (A) to charge the occupiers of any the assessors Penalty upon

house, cottage, or tenement, to the said duties, according to the for neglect.

number of windows therein, or shall omit in the affeffiment of

the saidduties set forth in schedule (B) to charge the occupier

of any house, cottage, or tenement, which, with the premises

therewith occupied and charged by this act, shall be of the an-

nual value of five pounds or upwards, to the said duties, accord-

ing to the annual rent at which the same is really and bonâfide

worth to be let , whether the occupier of any such house, cot-

tage, or tenement, shall be entitled to be discharged from the

fame inmanner hereinafter mentioned, or not, every such af-

feffor shall, for each and every such neglect, forfeit and pay any

fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds ;

and where any such dwelling-house, or premises therewith oc- Houses situ-

ate within

cupied , shall be situate within more parishes or places than one, more parishes

then such dwelling -house shall be charged to the said several than one, to

duties as one entire house, and the premises therewith occupied be charged in

as belonging to such house in such of the said parishes or places either parith

as the surveyor or inspector for the said duties, or any part as the funvey-

thereof , shall deem most expedient to be notified by the certifi- ors may think expedient .

cate of such surveyor or inspector to the commissioners acting

for either of such parishes or places .

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Poor persons

person inhabiting a dwelling-house in England , Wales, or Ber- inhabiting

wich-upon-Tweed, containing not more than fix windows in the England con-

whole taining not

1062 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. [1803.

more than whole shall be exempted from the duties in schedule (A) in case

6windows, or such person shall be on the books of such parish or place as re-

houses in

Scotland not ceiving parochial relief; and any person inhabiting a dwelling-

more than

house in Scotland containing not more than three windows in

3 windows,

the whole, and under the annual rent of twenty shillings, shall

exempted from the du-

be exempted from the duties in schedule (A), in case such per-

ties in sche-

son shall be poor and indigent, and shall not be assessed or liable

dule (A, ) un- to be assessed to any of the duties contained in schedules ( B),

der certain

( C), (D) , or ( E) , which several exemptions shall be proved or

limitations .

claimed in the manner hereinafter mentioned .

XII. And, in order to give relief to such persons as aforesaid who

may be charged to the said several duties fetforth in theschedules

Manner in

marked ( A.) and (B.), or either of them; be it further enacted ,

which the

That where any such house, cottage, or tenement, as is de-

claim to such scribed in the preceding clause, shall be brought into charge as

exemption is aforesaid, and the occupier or occupiers thereof shall be entitled

to be proved, to the said exemption by reason of poverty, as hereinbefore spe-

and the party cified, then and in every such case, the assessors or assessorss shall

discharged

from the

on the certificate of afsessinent fet opposite the sum charged on

affefsment.

the occupier thereof the fact of his or her being poor, and shall

return the fame, together with the assessment and a certificate

as hereinafter is mentioned , to the commissioners for executing

this act in the district where such assessment shall be made; and

the said commissioners, before the allowance of any such affeff-

ment, or making any order thereupon, shall examine the assessor

or assessorss who shall respectively attend the said commissioners

for that purpose, at such time as they shall appoint, touching the

return so made; and if the said commissioners shall, from such

examination, and from such certificate as hereinafter is mentioned, be satisfied that any occupier of any such house, cottage,

or tenement, charged to the said several duties, or either of

them, is entitled to such exemption, it shall be lawful for the

said commissioners, after such proof thereof , to strike out the

charge against such occupier, leaving the name of such occupier,

and the number of windows and rent of such house in the affeff-

ment, and every such occupier shall be exempted accordingly

from the said respective duties, which exemption shall, in the

Exemptions to be allowed like cafes, be construed to extend to, and shall be allowed on

on the affeff- all affefsments on such poor persons, of the duties payable at the

ments for the time of passing this act, which shall have been or shall be made

present year. at any time after the commencement of the present year.

Before exemp-

tions are al-

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That be-

lowed the

fore any such exemption or abatement shall be allowed , the

assessorss to

assessors shall produce to the said commissioners a certificate

produce to

under the hands of five or inore substantial householders of such

the commif-

parish or place, in vestry or kirk session assembled, of whom the

fioners a certificate of the

resident minister in such parish or place shall be one ; but in case

minister and

there shall be no such resident minister in such parish or place,

inhabitants of

then the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish

the parish in

or place, or two of them at the least, or two or more of the

which the

party resides .

elders of such parish or place, shall concur with such householders in

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII II. C. 161. 1063

in such certificate, certifying thereby , that they have carefully

examined the affefsment of the duties granted by this act, and

the allegations therein made by the assessorss touching such per-

fons who thall be therein stated to be poor , and that in their

judgement and belief the persons therein certified to be poor

are entitled to be exempted by reason of their poverty, and are

wholly unable to pay the duties assessed upon them; provided

that ifin any parish or place in England, Wales, or Berwick-

upon-Tweed , there shall not be five substantial householders, then

such certificate may be made by the substantial householders

there residing , or if there shall be no churchwardens or over-

seers of the poor for such parish or place, then such certificate

may be granted by the resident minister, or by any two church-

wardens or overseers of the poor of any adjoining parish or

place, who can certify the truth of such allegations in manner

aforesaid, concurring therein with the substantial householders

residing in the parish or place where such affefsment shall be

made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the occupier Occupiers of

of any house, cottage, or tenement, containing more than the houses con-

number of windows or lights before specified, thall be brought taining more

than the num.

into charge as directed by this act, and the occupier or occu- ber of win-

piers thereof shall, at the commencement of the year for which dows before

such affefsment is made, be poor and indigent, or shall become specified may,

so during that year, then and in every such cafe it shall be lawful under certain limitations,

for such occupier or occupiers to give notice thereof in writing, be relieved

stating the causes to the assessors, or to the surveyor of the dif- from the du-

trict in which such house is situate, annexing thereto a certificate ties , provided

under the hands of such persons as aforesaid, certifying that in the surveyor shall certify

their judgement and belief , such person is justly entitled to relief the truth of

on account of poverty for the causes mentioned in such notice ; the claim, or

and every afsessor shall deliver the notices by him received to the fame be

such surveyor ; and if such surveyor shall be satisfied of the made out to

the satisfac-

truth thereof, after due examination of the facts and circum- tion of the

stances, and that such person is unable to pay the duties charged commissioners

on him or her, and has no probable means of bettering his or upon appeal .

her condition within that year, he is hereby required to certify

the same to the said commissioners ; and if such surveyor shall

not be so satisfied , then, on notice thereof to such occupier or

occupiers, it shall be lawful for him or them to appeal from

such charge to the said commissioners, giving ten days previous

notice thereof to the said surveyor ; and in every cafe where the

surveyor shall certify to the said commissioners that he is satisfied /

of the truth of the claim made by any such occupier or occu-

piers, and that he or they is or are, and will be unable to pay

the duties charged on him or her within that year ; or if , upon Exemption in

appeal as aforesaid, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said the like cafes

commissioners, or the major part of them present, on the oath to be allowed

of such appellant, or by other lawful evidence on oath produced upon theaffeff

ments of theand shewn by such appellant that he or the is entitled to main- present year.

tain such appeal, and wholly unable as aforesaid to pay the

duties charged on him or her, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners

1064 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803.

missioners to give such relief , either by striking off the whole of

the duty so charged, or diminishing the same, as to them shall

seem meet and necessary, and which appeals, for the causes in

this clause mentioned, may be heard and determined either on

the days mentioned in this act for the hearing of appeals in

other cafes, or at the end of the year, or any day or days to be.

appointed by the respective commissioners for executing this

Unoccupied act ; which exemption shall , in the like cafes, be construed to

houses to be extend to , and shall be allowed on all assessments on such poor

inserted in the persons of the duties payable at the time of passing this act,

affefsment. which shall have been or shall be made at anytime after the commencement of the present year .

Assessor or

XV. And be it further enacted, That every house or tene-

surveyors to

ment which shall happen to be unoccupied at the time of making

certify when

the fame be-

the assessment, shall be inserted as such in the affefsment, with

come occupi-

the number of windows contained therein , and the annual rent

ed , and the

at which the fame might be let, if the same shall amount to five

occupier to

give notice

pounds or upwards ; and the afsessors, and in their default , the

and tobe charged with

surveyors and inspectors, shall cause the same to be certified to

the said commissioners, from the time of such house or tenement

the duties

coming into the occupation of any person or persons, and such

from the end

person or persons shall cause notice thereof to be given to such

of the pre- ceding quar-

assessors, surveyor, or inspector, within twenty days after his or

ter.

their coming into the occupation of such house or tenement ;

If such notice and every person neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the

is omitted, the sum of five pounds, and shall be liable moreover for such neglect

party to for- to be charged to the said several duties inserted in the affefsment

fcit sl . and to for the whole year in which such house or tenement became fo

be charged to

for the whole occupied ; but on giving such notice, thall be chargeable only

year.

from the time of his or her coming into the occupation of such

Houses be-

house or tenement, according to the rates prescribed in schedules

coming unoc-

(A) and (B), estimated on the remainder of such year, com-

cupiedafter assessment to

mencing from the end of the preceding quarter of the year ;

be charged for

and every house or tenement charged to the said duties, although

the whole

the same shall within the year become unoccupied in the man-

year , unless notice thereof

ner mentioned in schedule ( A), shall be charged to the said

is given ; with duties for the whole year on the former occupier, or the oсси-

power to the pier for the time being, as the cafe may require, unless notice

commissioners in writing shall have been given to the assessors for the place of

todischarge such house or tenement becoming unoccupied ; and the com--

orlevy levy the

affefsment.

missioners for executing this act are hereby empowered, at their

discretion, to discharge such assessment, or to direct the duties

to be levied according to the directions of this act, as to them

shall seem just .

XVI. And , for the better information of the commissioners appointed to carry this act into execution, and of the surveyors and

persons to be appointed afssessors as aforesaid , and the better to enable

Commission- them to perform their duty; be it further enacted, That the said

ers, inspectors, commissioners, or any two or more of them, and the said surveyors,

surveyors, and inspectors, and assessors, or anyone or more of them, or any person

assessorss may

inspect and or persons authorised by them, or any of them, thall have liberty

take copies offrom time to time , and at all seasonable times, to inspect and to take

{

6

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1065

take copies or extracts from any book or books kept by any books keptby

parish officer or officers, or other person or persons, of or con- parith officers

cerning the rates made for the relief of the poor, or any other thncerning

parish

publick taxes, rates, or affeffiments , or any contributions under rates .

the management of the kirk sessions in the respective parts of

Great Britain aforesaid, in any place within the limits for which

they shall be appointed ; and if any person or persons, in whose Penalty on the

custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or refusal of per-

neglect to permit the said inspection, or the copies or extracts to fonshaving

thecuftodyof

be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said commissioners with such books.

their books, when required so to do, then and in every such

cafe , every person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every

suchoffence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds .

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any house, Notice to be

cottage, or tenement, or any windows therein, or anyhospital , given byoccu-

piers of

charity- school, poor-house, or licensed chapel, ought to be ex- houses, or

empted from the duties hereby payable, by virtue of any of the managers of

rules contained in the schedules marked (A) and (B) hereunto hospitals,

annexed, the occupier or occupiers of such house, cottage, or charity schools , &c.

tenement, and the person or persons having the conduct or entitled to

management of such hospital , charity-school, poor- house, or exemption

Jicensed chapel , shall give notice thereof to the assessors or affef- from the du-

fors, which notice shall contain the number of windows in such ties on such

house, cottage, or tenement , and in such hospital, charity- school, buildings .

poor-house , and licensed chapel respectively, distinguishing the

number chargeable by this act, and the number claimed to be

exempted as aforesaid ; and the assessors or assessorss shall make To be inserted

diligent enquiry into the fame, and shall state on the assessment, in the affeff-

to the best of his or their knowledge and belief , the number ofment.

windows entitled to such exemption, and shall return such state-

ment, together with the affefsment, to the commissioners for

executing this act; and the said commissioners shall examine Exemption to

into the truth of fsuch statements, by examination of the assessors be allowed by

or assessorss, in manner before directed in cases of occupiers to commissioners

be discharged for poverty, and, on due proof thereof , it shall after examina-

be lawful for the said commissioners to discharge such number of

tion .

windows from the said affeffiment as in their judgement shall be

within the exemptions allowed by this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no window or light windows to

shall be exempted from the duties made payable by this act by be stopped up

reason of its having been stopped up, unless such window or with the fame

light shall be stopped up effectually with stone or brick, or with materials as

the fame kind of materials whereof that part of the outside walls the house.

the outside of

of such dwelling house, in which such window or light shall

have been, doth chiefly consist.

Windows in

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- roofs stopped

thing herein contained shall be construed to charge any window up with the

or

light in the roof of any dwelling-house which shall be stopped famematerials

as the roof ,

up on the outside thereof effectually with materials of the like andwindows

nature of which the outside of the roof shall chiefly consist, nor stopped before

any window or light which shall have been stopped up before the com-

the mencement of

this act, ac-

1066 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. [ 1803 .

cording to the the commencement of this act, according to the directions of

laws inforce, the laws in force at the time of passing this act.

not charge-

able. XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

Windows not passing of this act, no window or light shall be newly opened

tobe made ,

or made in any dwelling-house or office belonging thereto, nor

restored, or

shall any such window or light which shall have been stopped

stopped up without fix

up at the time when the affeffiment in respect of such dwelling-

house shall be made for the then current year, be restored ; nor

days Previous shall any window or light which has been charged in that year

notice being

given to the

be stopped up, without, in each of the cases, six days previous

surveyors ,

notice thereof in writing being given by the occupier or occu-

under a pe-

piers of such dwelling-house, to the surveyor or inspector of the

nalty of 101 .

said duties, or one of them, for the place in which the affeff-

ment was made, describing therein the particular situation of

every such window or light in such dwelling-house, and the

number of such windows or lights, if more than one, so to be

made, restored, or stopped up, on pain that the occupier or

occupiers of such dwelling-house neglecting to give such no-

tice , shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every win-

dow or light so newly made, restored, or stopped up as aforesaid, and which penalty shall be paid over and above any duty

payable in respect of such dwelling-house.

Surveyors to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any surveyor

charge win-

or inspector herein-mentioned shall receive any notice, or shall

dows newly

made, or re-

otherwise find or discover that any window or light in any such

stored, and omitted in

dwelling-house, liable to the said duties, hath been newly made or

restored as aforesaid , which window or light hath not been

the affefsment.

charged in the afsessment for that year, then such surveyor or

inspector small and is hereby required to certify the fame in

writing under his hand, by way of charge, to any two or more

of the commissioners for putting this act in execution, and shall

state in such certificate to what amount the person or persons

liable to the said duties hath or have been under- rated in the affeff-

ment for that year ; and thereupon the said commissioners, or

any two or more of them, shall cause such affessment to be

amended according to such certificate, and the duties to be

charged shall be levied thereon, from the commencement of the

year in which such window or light shall be made or restored ,

If windows

as if such window or light had been originally included in such

assessment : provided always, that if the commissioners shall be

restored after of opinion that any window or light so restored in any dwelling-

the affefsment house shall have been stopped up at the time when the affefsment

is made shall was made, with intent to evade the payment of the said duties ,

appear to have

beenfraudu- they shall charge the occupier of the said dwelling-house at the

1

lently stopped rate of double the sum by which the assessment shall be encreased

atthat period, by reason of such certificate: provided also, that every such

theparty to assesiment, when amended, shall be liable to be appealed against

be liable to

double duty. in such manner as if the fame had been originally fo made.

No abatement

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no assessment hall

to be allowed be subject to appeal, nor any abatement of the duties allowed in

for windows any year, by reason of any windows or lights being stopped up,

unters

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1067

unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners stopped up,

the com-

for executing this act, that the fame windows or lights were re- mencement of

spectively stopped up according to the directions of this act , pre- the year of

vious to the commencement of the year on which the said affestment.

affefsment shall or ought to have been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every afsessinent to Affefsinents in

be made of the said duties in pursuance of this act in England , England to be

inforce for

Wales, and Berwick- upon-Tweed, shall be in force for one whole one whole

year , commencing from the fifth day of April in the year in year from the

which the same shall be made, and ending on the fifth day of sth April, and

April then next following , and the said several duties shall be the duties to

be paid by

paid by quarterly instalments on the days herein- after men- quarterly

tioned , (that is to say ,) on the twentieth day of June for the instalments .

quarter commencing from the fifth day of April and ending on

the fifth day of July, the twentieth day of September for the

quarter commencing from the fifth day of July and ending on

the tenth day of October, and the twentieth day of December for

the quarter commencing from the tenth day of October and

ending on the fifth day of January, and the twentieth day of

March for the quarter commencing on the fifth day of January

and ending on the fifth day of April in every year, the first

payment thereof to be made on the twentieth day of June one

thousand eight hundred and four ; and it shall be lawful for the Commission-

respective commissioners, or any two or more of them, and they ers to issue

are hereby required, as soon as the affefsment shall be made, to warrants to

collectors for

issue out and deliver to the respective collectors their warrants levying the

for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the said duties, duties.

as the fame shall become payable, by quarterly instalments as Arrears which

aforesaid ; and such part thereof as cannot be so levied and col- cannot be fo

lected may be recoverable as a debt upon record to the King's levied, to be

majesty, his heirs and fuccessors , with full costs of suit and all adebt upon

recoverable as

charges attending the fame ; and whenfo recovered, the said record with

duties shall be paid to the receiver -general in aid of the parish or full costs and

place answerable for the fame . all charges .

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every assessment Assessments in

to be made of the said duties in pursuance of this act in Scotland Scotland to be

shall be in force for one whole year, and shall commence from in force for

the twenty -fourth day of May in the year in which the fame one whole year from the

shall be made, and end on the twenty-fourth day of May then 24th May, and

next following ; and the said last -mentioned duties shall be paid to be payable

by half -yearly instalments on the days hereinafter mentioned , by half- yearly instalments.

( that is to fay ,) on or before the twenty- ninth day of September

and the twenty-fifth day of March in every year ; the first payment thereof to be made on or before the twenty-ninth day of

September one thousand eight hundred and four ; and such payments shall be made by the person charged with the said duty,

his or her executors or administrators, by themselves or others

in their behoof , to the collector of the said duties personally, or

at his office ; and the said collector shall, on payment thereof,

give acquittances (without taking any thing for such acquit-

tance, the stamp -duty for the fame excepted) unto the several

persons

1068 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C.161 . [1803.

persons who shall pay the same, which shall be a full discharge

to the persons paying the same against his Majesty , his heirs and

Incafe ofnon - successors ; and every person so charged shall, in case of his or

payment the her not paying the same upon the day upon which he or the is

for-

partyto the hereby appointed to paythe fame , or within three days there-

value.

after, forfeit treble the value and extent of the duty with which

he or she stands charged, to be recovered as the said duties may

be recovered by the said last- mentioned act of the present session

of parliament.

Assessor XXV. And be it further enacted, That the assessors for the

withincertaintime being shall , within twenty-one days after the respective

periods to times appointed for the commencement of the said duties, and

cause general noticesto be for every subsequent year, within twenty-one days after the

affixed on the commencement of the respective duties for each year, cause

churchdoor, general notices to be affixed on the doors of the church or

or market.

house, or

chapel, or market-house or cross (if any) of the city, town,

cross , requir- parish, or place for which such assessors shall act ; and if such

ing lifts to be place shall not have a church or chapel, or market-house or

delivered; cross, then on the nearest church or chapel door of any adjoin-

which shall be ing parish , requiring all persons residing in the said city , town,

deemed fuf-

ficient notice. parish, or place, who are by this act required so to do, to make

out and deliver to the respective assessors, within fourteen days

after the date of such notice, such lifts or declarations as are

herein-required ; and such general notice shall from time to

time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed sufficient no-

tice of the time within which such returns shall be required to

be made in each year, to all persons residing or being in such

city, town, parish, or place, and the affixing the fame in man-

ner before directed, shall be deemed good service of such notice

to all persons within the limits of such city, town, parish , or

place; and the said respective assessors shall cause the said notices

from time to time to be replaced (if necessary) during the said

space of fourteen days previous to the time required for the de-

livery of such lifts or declarations as aforesaid ; and every per-

Penalty for defacing such son wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such notice fo

notices.

affixed, shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding

Assessor also to leave no- twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds .

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

besides such general notices as aforesaid, the said respective asses-

dwellingevery fors shall within the respective periods before-mentioned, in

house where

every year, give or leave at every dwelling-house, where any

any person person

person liable or supposed to be liable to the duties hereby made

shall reside,

liable to the

payable, as fet forth in the several schedules to this act annexed,

duties onfer-

marked ( C. D. E. F. G. H. I. and K.) or any of them, shall

vants , car-

usually reside within the limits of the places for which such

riages, horses, afsessors act , one notice to and for the occupier thereof ; and

dogs ,horse- where such dwelling-house shall be let in different apartments,

dealers, armo-

rial bearings, and occupied distinctly by different persons or families , a like

hair -powder, notice to and for the occupier of each distinct story or apart-

coachmakers, ment, provided any person liable or supposed to be liable as

aforesaid

f

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1069

aforesaid shall reside there, and also a like notice to and for every or persons

person so liable, then residing in such dwelling-house as a lodger felling carri-

ages, to deliver

or inmate, within the knowledge of such assessor or assessorss, lifts as herein-

requiring such persons respectively to prepare and produce, after menti-

withintwenty - one days next ensuing the date of such notice, a oned.

lift or lifts, or declaration or declarations in writing , in the

forms and in the manner hereinafter required.

XXVII. And be it further enacted , That every person who Persons who

shall have retained or employed any male servant or servants, or

shallhavekept

other male person or persons herein described or mentioned , or carriages,

any servants,

kept any carriage, horse, mule, or dog, or shall have used or horses, &c.

exercised the trade or business of an horse-dealer or coachmaker, or exercised

or feller of carriages by auction or on commission as aforesaid, or the business

ofahorse-

shall have used or worn hair-powder or any armorial bearing dealer, coach-

or ensign, in the course of the year ending on the day next maker, or fell-

before the respective days appointed for the commencement of er ofcarriages,

the said duties in the year one thousand eight hundred and four, or having used

shall , before the end of six weeks thereafter, whether any pre- powder or

or worn hair-

vious notice for that purpose shall have been delivered or not, armorial

cause to be prepared true and particular lists in writing , signed bearings in the

by such person or on his or her behalf, which shall contain the year ending

parish on the days

or place, and the parithes or places where such persons appointed

shall then or usually reside, and one of such lifts shall also con- for the com-

tain the greatest number of male servants retained or employed mencement

by such persons, and also the names of the several other male of the duties

persons by them retained or employed at any one time in the in the year

1804, to re-

course of the year ending as aforesaid, in any of the capacities turn lifts to

mentioned in the schedules hereunto annexed, and the names of the affesiors,

such servants and other persons and the several capacities in with certain

which they shall serve ; and whenever the person required to particulars.

return such list small be liable to the duty on servants kept

by any male person never having been married, he shall be

required to denote the fame, by adding to the signature of his

name the letter B.; another of the said lifts thall contain the

greatest number of carriages mentioned or described in the schedules annexed to this act, kept by such person at any one time

within the like period describing therein, by its usual name and

description, the particular kind and denomination of such carriage by which the body or bodies of such carriages are usually

called or known, and distinguishing the number of such carriages

with four wheels from the number of such carriages with less

than four wheels, and also the number of bodies of such carriages

which shall successively have been used on the fame carriage or

number of wheels, and also the number of horses by which such

carriages with less than four wheels shall have been drawn at

any time within the like period, and also the number of such

carriages liable as taxed carts; another of the said lifts small

contain the greatest number of horses, mares, or geldings, kept

and used by such person for the purpose of riding, or drawing

any carriage chargeable with the duty made payable by this act,

at any one time within the like period ; another of such lifts

shall

1070 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803 .

shall contain the greatest number of all other horses, mares, or

geldings, and mules, kept by such person at any one time within

the like period, which shall on any occasion have been used as

herein mentioned ; another of such lifts hall contain the greatest

number of dogs kept by such person within the like period, dif-

tinguishing therein any greyhound , hound, pointer, setting-dog,

spaniel, lurcher, or terrier, from any other dog, where one dog

only shall be kept by such person ; another of such lifts, if the

same be returned by any person who shall have used or exercised

the trade or business of an horse-dealer, shall contain the place

or places where the same shall have been so used or exercised

within the like period, and also the greatest number of horses,

mares , or geldings , kept by him or her at any one time within

the like period, distinguishing whether the same shall have been

kept for sale, or been used by him or her, or let to hire, and the

number of each so kept or used, and for what purpose, so that

the duties hereby made payable shall be duly charged ; and ano-

ther of such lifts, if the same shall be returned by any coach-

maker or maker of carriages before mentioned, or by any feller

of such carriages by auction or on commission , as herein is mentioned, shall contain the place or places where such trade or

business shall be carried on ; and another of such lifts, if the

fame be returned by any person who shall have worn hair-powder,

or used any armorial bearing or ensign within the like period,

shall distinguish therein the particular duty and duties, and the

amount thereof , to which such person is liable, with a declara-

tion whether he or the is a housekeeper or one of the family, or

a lodger, inmate, apprentice, or servant, abiding in the house of

any person ; and every list returned by any occupier of a dwelling-

house or distinct apartment as aforesaid, shall contain the names

and places of abode of every person resident in such dwelling-

house, distinguishing whether such person so residing be of the

family, or be lodgers or inmates, or apprentices or servants ; and

in cafe such householder or occupier having unmarried daughters ,

or any servant or servants, shall be desirous of being personally

charged to the duties hereby imposed on persons wearing hair-

powder as aforesaid, instead of his or her unmarried daughters ,

or his or her servant or servants, as herein is allowed, then also

such lifts shall contain the number and names of such unmarried

daughters and servants respectively to be so charged to him or

her, and the capacities in which such servant or servants shall

serve ; and every such person shall deliver or cause such lifts to

be delivered to the assessors or assessorss of the said duties for the

district, parish, or place, where such person shall reside or be, or

leave or cause the same to be left at his or their dwelling-house

or houses, or one of them, at or before the expiration of the

time appointed by this act for the delivery thereof; and every

person who shall have retained, employed, kept, or used any fer-

vants, or other male persons, carriages, horses, mules, or dogs ,

shall be charged for the greatest number of servants, carriages,

horses, mules, and dogs retained or employed, kept or used by him

1

2

12

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1071

him or her at any one time within the year ending as aforesaid; To be charged.

and every person who shall have used or exercised the trade or according to

lifts for

business ofan horse -dealer, or the trade or business of acoach- the year com-

maker or maker of carriages , or of a feller of carriages by auc- mencing from

tion or on commission , or shall have worn or used hair-powder, those days,

or any armorial bearings within the year ending as aforesaid, and to be

deemed an

shall be assessed and charged by the respective afsessors for the affeffiment for

year commencing from that day, which affessments shall be the year com-

made at the rate specified in the said schedules marked ( C, D, mencing from

E, F, G, H, I, and K ,) and according to the lifts, which shall the faidre-

or ought to have been returned as aforesaid, subject to such pective days

in year

powers of surcharge as by this act are directed and given ; and 1804, appoint-

the affefsments on the returns so to be made shall be deemed an ed for the

assessment for the year commencing from the respective days in commencement of the

the year one thousand eight hundred and four , appointed for the duties.

commencement of the said duties.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person liable Lifts to be

to the said duties shall, in every year subsequent to the respective returned an-

days appointed for the commencement of the said duties, within nually in like

manner with.

six weeks thereafter, and he and the is hereby required yearly, in six weeks

whether any previous notice for that purpose shall have been from the days

delivered or not , to cause to be prepared and to be delivered to appointed for

the com-

the respective afsessors before mentioned for the time being, truemencement

and particular lists of the greatest number of such servants or of the duties

other male persons retained or employed, and of carriages, horses, each year.

mules, and dogs kept by such person, or of his or her having

used or exercised the trade or business of an horse-dealer, or

coachmaker or maker of carriages as aforesaid, or of a feller of

carriages by auction or on commission as aforesaid ; or of having

worn or used hair-powder, or any armorial bearings or ensigns,

at any one time in the course of the preceding year ending on

the then preceding fifth day of April ; which lifts shall be pre-

pared in the form before prescribed, and according to the directions of this act in respect thereof; and such person shall renew

the fame in the same manner in every year so long as such person

shall be liable to the said duties, or any of them as aforesaid ;

and every person shall annually be chargeable in respect of the Parties to be

greatest number of servants or other male persons, carriages, charged to the

duties accord-

horses, mares, or geldings, mules, and dogs, retained, employed, ing to such

kept, or used by him or her at any one time within such pre- lifts , and the

ceding year, and also in respect of his, her, or their having used assessment to

orexercised the trade or business of an horse-dealer, or coach- be for the year

in which the

maker, or maker of such carriages, or a feller thereof by auction returns thall

or on commission as aforesaid, or of having worn or used hair- or ought to

powder, or armorial bearings or ensigns, within the fame period; have been

and the affefsment made thereupon shall be deemed an afflessment made.

made for the year in which such returns shall or ought to have

been made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every person who Persons be-

from and after the respective days appointed for the commence- ginning to

ment of the said duties shall begin to retain or employ any such servant, or

keep anymale

male carriage, or

1072 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. c. 161. [1803.

tocarryon

male servant, or other male person herein described, or keep or

thebusiness

ofan horse-

use any such carriage (such servant or carriage not being in the

dealer or

place or stead of any former one liable to the like duty) or to

coachmaker, use or exercise the said trade of an horse-dealer, or coachmaker,

or to wear or maker of such carriages, or a feller thereof by auction or on

hair- powder, commission as aforesaid, or to wear or use hair-powder, or any

or armorial

bearings, and armorial bearings or ensigns , or who shall cease to retain or em-

allpersons ploy any male servant, or to keep or use any carriage liableto

discontinuing the duty , without retaining or employing any other male servant

the fame, or

ceasing to

or other male person herein described, or keeping or using any

keepany of

other carriage liable to the like duty, in the place or stead of

the faidarti-

such servant or carriage, or who shall cease to use or exercise the

cles to give

said trade or business of an horse- dealer, or of a coachmaker or

notice there-

of .

maker of such carriages , or a feller thereof , by auction or on

commission, or to wear or ufe any hair-powder, or any armorial

bearings or ensigns, shall , within twenty days after he or she

shall so begin or cease to retain or employ such servant or other

male person, or to keep or use such carriage, or to use or exer

cise such trade or trades, or to wear or use any hair- powder, or

any armorial bearings or ensigus, cause notice thereof in writing

to be given to the assessors or afsessors for the district, parish , or

place where he or she shali reside, and a list of the number of

such servants and carriages , and the increase or decrease made

thereby , and the particular rate of duty to which he or she is

liable as having used or exercised such trade or trades, or worn

or used hair-powder, or armorial bearings or ensigns, describing

in such notice every such servant or other male person by his

proper name, and the several capacities in which such servants

or other male persons respectively shall be, or shall have been

retained or employed ; and also describing every such carriage by

its usual name and description, distinguishing the number of

bodies used with and of wheels belonging to each such carriage,

and the number of horses used in drawing any such carriage

with less than four wheels, and also distinguishing each such

carriage liable as a taxed cart, and the name or names and

place of abode of the person or persons who ought to return

such lifts .

Assessor to

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

make an af-

fefsment ac-

neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such lifts as

cording to the are herein directed, or any of them, within the respective times

best informa- herein mentioned, then the assessors or assessors shall, from the

tion they can best information he or they can obtain, make an assessiment upon

obtainupon such person so refusing or neglecting for or in respect of every

person who

refuse or servant, carriage, horse , mule, or dog, retained or kept by him

neglect to or her as aforesaid, and of every person having used or exercised

deliver lifts.

such trade or trades as aforesaid, or worn or used hair- powder,

or armorial bearings or ensigns, as aforesaid, according to the

rates specified in the said schedules, and shall include the same

in the certificate of the assessment to be delivered to the commif-

Such affeff-

ments not to

be subject tosioners as herein directed ; and every such assessment so made

upon any such neglect or refusal, shall be final and conclusive

upon

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1073

upon the person thereby charged , who shall not be at liberty to appeal, except

appeal therefrom, unless such person shall prove that he or the under certain circumstances.

was not at his or her dwelling-house or place of abode at the

time of delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the

time limited for delivering such list as aforesaid to the assessor,

or unless such person shall allege and prove such other excuse

for not having delivered his or her lift, as the commissioners

for executing this act shall in their judgement think reasonable

and sufficient .

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That such assessors shall Assessor not

boundbythe

not be bound by such lifts as shall be delivered to them respec- lifts delivered ,

tively in pursuance of this act , but shall be at liberty, if they but to be at

shall find upon due examination that any person, description, liberty to

article, matter , or thing, which ought to be contained in such make a true assessment on

lifts, is or are omitted, or untruly stated therein, to make a true theparty .

affefsment upon every such person, according to the intent and

meaning of this act , of the real charge which ought to be im-

posed on such person.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every occupier as Occupiers

aforesaid, in whose dwelling-house or apartment any person ofhouses to

require de-

liable to the duties by this act made payable, or any or either of claration or

them, shall reside as a lodger or inmate, shall, for the purpose ofreturns from

making accurate returns, cause the contents of the notice left at lodgers and

his or her dwelling-house to be read over and made known to

inmates.

each and every such lodger or inmate not having received a like

notice , requiring them respectively to declare to him or her, and

attest the return to be made, whether he or she be liable to the

said duties, or either of them, or be exempted therefrom, or

whether he or she have another place of ordinary residence where

he or the intends to be charged; and every person so resident,

☑ being thereunto required as aforesaid, shall be obliged to make

such declaration; and if any such lodger or inmate shall wilfully Penalty on

lodgers and

refuse to give an account as required by this act, or to attest the inmates re-

return to be made thereof , every such person shall forfeit and fusing to make

paythe fum of fifty pounds ; or if any occupier as aforesaid, by returns, and

whom any such declaration ought to be required, or to whom on occupiers

ofdwelling-

any such declaration shall be made, shall neglect to require the houses neg-

same, or to insert the fame in the return to be made to the af- lecting to

feffor or assessorss, in pursuance of this act , every such person shall require the

also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

fame.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said assessors Assessors to

shall, upon receipt of any lift containing the name of any lodger leave notices

وگ

or inmate returned liable to any of the said duties as chargeable for lodgers

or inmates

within the parish or place where the said assessorss act, give or liable to the

leave the like notice for every such person to prepare and pro- duties.

duce, within the like period, a lift or declaration signed as aforesaid; and every such person shall, within twenty-one days after Penalty for

notice left at such dwelling-house, make out a lift or declaration, not return-

as the case shall require , and sign the fame in the manner before ing Lifts .

directed , under the penalty herein mentioned for neglecting to

deliver any such lift or declaration.

こ

VOL. XLIV . 3Z XXXIV. And

1074 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803 .

Persons hav-

L

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every person who

ingdivers places of residence, or

shall have divers places of residence within any part of Great

Britain, or shall keep any servants or other male persons herein

keeping fer-

described, carriages, horses, mules , or dogs, at divers places,

vants, carri-

within Great Britain, and every person being an inmate or lodger

ages , &c . at

diversplaces,

at the time of such notices being given as aforesaid, and having

and lodgers or

an ordinary residence at some other place or places, whereat, or

inmates hav-

at one of which places, such person ought to be charged, shall

ing anordi-

be obliged to deliver all such lifts as aforesaid at each and every

nary residence

atfome other

of such places, and to insert in every such lift the name or de-

place to description of each person, article, matter, and thing, for which

liver lifts at

such person is liable to any of the said duties, or which ought to

each.

be returned according to the directions of this act ; and shall

also in every such lift specify the particular persons, and number,

of each description of articles aforesaid, respectively intended to

be paid for within the limits of the district, parish , or place,

where such lift shall be delivered, and shall also at the same time

make his or her declaration, to be inserted in such list, and

signed by him or her, specifying the particular counties or county,

and parishes or parish wherein each such other place of his or

her residence is situate , and also the particular counties or

county , and parishes or parish wherein the said duties, or any

part of the said duties, are or is intended to be paid.

Persons hav-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person

ing returned

having delivered his or her declaration to pay the said duties in

to the

duties in any any other parith, ward, or place, than in the parish, ward, or

other place, place where such lift shall be delivered, shall not return a lift in

and notdeli- such other parish, ward, or place, according to such declaration,

vering alift in in order to his or her being regularly brought into charge by

such place to the assessorss for such other parish , ward, or place, every such

forfeit 50%. person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

Claims of XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person

exemption claiming to be within any of the exemptions allowed by this

( except with act, in or by any of the schedules hereunto annexed , marked

respect to the

Royal Family) (C. D. F. F. G. H. I. or K. ) (except of the Royal Family, in

tobe returned such cases where they are specially exempted) shall make a due

to the affef- return thereof , and declare the cause or causes of such exemp-

fors. tions, such declaration to be specified in or annexed to the lists

Proof to lie on to be by him or her delivered ; and if any dispute shall arise whe-

the party. ther the person be entitled to such exemption, the proof thereof

shall lie on the person claiming such exemption, who, on any

charge or surcharge before such commissioners, or on any suit

or prosecution, shall be permitted to allege the same on oath or

affirination, or to prove the fame by lawful evidence to be pro-

duced and mewn by him or her ; provided that no such exemp-

tion shall be allowed unless the fame, and the cause thereof ,

shall have been duly returned to the assessors or assessors as aforesaid.

Penalty Pe for

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person

neglect in delivering

liable to the said duties, or any of them, in respect whereof a list

or declaration ought to be delivered, or coming within any of

the

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1075

the exemptions contained in this act , shall neglect to deliver a lifts or decla-

Dist or lifts, or a declaration or declarations according to the rations, or for

omissions

directions of this act, in every parish or place where the fame therein , and

ought to be delivered, or shall omit any person, or any description, for making an

article, matter, or thing which ought to be contained therein, untrue return.

according to this act , or shall make an untrue return of any

particular therein, he or the so offending, shall forfeit and pay

the fum offifty pounds, over and above any duty chargeable as

aforesaid .

XXXVIII. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That Penalty for omissions in

the penalty by this act imposed as last aforesaid, for omitting to lifts not to be

insert in the lifts or declarations delivered as hereby required, fued for when

any person, or any description, article, matter, or thing, which the party has

ought to have been contained therein, shall not be sued or profe- been fur-

cuted for in any cafe where the person or persons against whom charged and

assessed in

the suit or prosecution shall be brought, shall, before the con- double the

mencement thereof, have been surcharged for the fame cause, duty, or any

and on the fame account, and assessed in double the duty hereby proportion

made payable, or any proportion thereof , according to the di- thereof .

rections of this act.

XXXIX. And whereas divers persons may retain or employ fer-

vants, or keep carriages, horses , mules, or dogs , at places where they

themselves have no houses or places of residence, and other persons liable

to the duties made payable by this act, orsome of them, may come into

or to reside in places after the time appointed by this actfor returning

the lists before mentioned , not having been charged therein, or may have

nofixed place of residence ; be it further enacted, That in every Directions for

such case it shall be lawful for the assessors or assessorss, surveyor affeffing per-

or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, within and for such districts fons who em-

ploy servants,

1

or places respectively, at any time or times, and they are hereby &c. at places

strictly required and enjoined in every case within their knowledge where they

respectively, to deliver or leave such notices as are herein-before have no refi-

directed to be given, at the house or houses where such persons dence, or who

come to reside

shall reside or be, or where such servants, or other male persons in districts af-

before described, carriages , horses, mules, or dogs, shall be kept; ter the time

and all and every such persons, and also all and every person or for returning

persons having the care, superintendence, or management of such lifts , or who

have no fixed

servants, or other male persons before described, carriages, horses, place of re-

mules, or dogs, shall deliver or cause to be delivered such lift or fidence.

lists as aforesaid , signed by them respectively, conformably to the Lifts to be

directions herein-before contained, to the assessors, surveyors, or returned by or

inspectors, within and for the respective districts or limits where on behalf of

any such servants , carriages, horses, mules, or dogs, are or shall

such persons,

be kept, or where such persons shall then reside or be, within

twenty-one days after the delivery of such notices, and shall also

deliver to them respectively adeclaration where they, or the per-

fons to whom such servants, or other male persons before described, carriages, horses, mules, or dogs, do belong, have been

affessed for that year to the duties hereby made payable, together

with the usual place or places of abode of themselves, or of the

persons to whom the servants, or other male persons before described,

3Z2

!

1076 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 161. [ 1803 .

scribed, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, under their care,

superintendence, and management, do belong, and the names of

such persons ; or in case no such asessment, or no sufficient af-

sessment, shall then have been made, then where they or the persons to whom such servants, or other male persons before described, carriages, horses, and mules, do belong, shall have delivered their lifts , in order to their being so assessed under the like

penalties as are herein imposed on persons chargeable with the

If the parties said duties for not delivering lifts in the parishes and places where

havenot been they respectively reside ; and every person who shall appear by

assessed or de- such return, or otherwise, not to have been assessed in the full

livered lifts in fum of which he or she ought to be assessed, or not to have re-

some other

places, or shall turned the lifts hereby required for the purpose of being so afsessed

notmake any in some other parish or place in Great Britain, or who shall not

return, affeff- make any such return, may be chargeable to all the said duties by

ments to be this act made payable, and for which returns ought to be made,

made upon

them.

either in the parith or place where such last-mentioned notice

Penalty for shall have been delivered, in like manner as if such person actu-

removingfrom ally resided in such parish or place, or in the parish or place where

any parith without hav-

such persons shall have their ordinary residence ; and if any

ing delivered

person on whom such notice shall have been served, shall remove

alift or

from such parish or place, without having delivered such lift or

declaration. declaration, he or she shall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds .

Personsletting XL. And be it further enacted, That every person letting

to hire horses to hire any horses in such manner as not to be chargeable to the

fo that the

itamp-office

stamp- office- duty made payable by law on horses let to hire, or

duty shall not letting any servants or carriages, shall annually return a lift of

be chargeable the greatest number of such servants, carriages , and horses, kept

thereon, or any by him or her at any time in the prior year, in like manner, and

servants or within and for the like period, and under the like penalties , as

carriages, to

deliver lifts of returns of other servants, carriages, and horses, subject to the

the greatest number kept

duties by this act made payable, are directed to be made ; and

every such lift shall specify the name and place of abode of the

by them in the

person or persons for whose use or in whose service such servants,

preceding year , speci-

carriages, and horses, thall have been or shall be employed, and

fying certain particulars .

the number of each let to hire to every such person, and the

period of each letting, according to the number of servants,

carriages , and horses, which shall or ought to be contained in

such lift, the said duties by this act made payable shall be charged

on the person or persons letting or hiring such servants, carriages,

and horses , as the cafe may require.

Hirers of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any person shall

horses where

hire or shall have hired any horses, in such manner that the

the stamp-

stamp- office duty payable by law on horses let to hire, shall not

officeduty

shall not be

be chargeable on such letting; or shall hire or shall have hired

payable, and

any servants or carriages, then such hirer small annually return a

ofservants and

lift of the greatest number of such servants, carriages, and horses ,

carriages, to

return lifts

to the assessors or assessorss of the parish or place or parishes or places

thereof .

where such hirer shall reside or be at the time such return ought

to be made, as the cafe may require, in like manner, and within

and for the like period, and under the like penalties as returns of other

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1077

other servants, carriages, and horses, exempted from the said

annual duties by this act, are directed to be made; and every

such list shall specify the name and place of abode of the person

or persons by whom such servants, carriages, and horses, shall

have been or shall be let to hire, and the period of each letting.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any horses thall Surveyors may surchargein

have been, or shall be let to hire, in such manner as not to render cafe ofneglect

the person or persons letting the fame liable to the said stamp- of the hirers of

office duty, or where any servants or carriages shall be let to servants, hor-

hire, and the hirer of such servants, horses, or carriages, shall not fes, and car-

make such return as by this act is required, then and in such riages to make

returns, and

case the duties chargeable in respect thereof for one year, shall the progressive

and may be charged upon and paid by the person or persons duties for one

hiring such servants, carriages , and horses, by the surcharge ofyear to be chargedonthe

the assessors, surveyor, or inspector, over and above the penalty persons hiring

incurred for any neglect or omiflion as aforesaid, unless the person such servants,

or persons letting the same shall have been brought into charge for horses, &c.

the same servants, carriages , and horses respectively ; and ifany unless it be

dispute shall arise whether the person or persons so letting to hire proved that

theparties let-

any servants, carriages, or horses, shall have been brought into ting the fame

charge for the fame, the proof thereof shall be on the hirer ofhave been

such servants, carriages, and horses, so surcharged , who, on such brought into

surcharge, shall be permitted to allege the fame on oath, or solemn charge.

affirmation, or to prove the fame by lawful evidence to be pro-

duced and shewn by him or her, provided that the party hiring

the same shall not be exempted, unless the exemption, and the

cause thereof , shall have been duly returned to the assessors or affef-

fors as aforesaid ; and in every cafe where the said duties shall be

chargeable on the hirer or hirers of such servants, carriages, and

horses, making default as aforesaid, the progressive duties made

payable thereon, by schedules C. No. 1. D. No. 1. and E. No. 1 .

respectively shall be charged.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every inhabitant Householders of lodging-

householder of any lodging-house, in which there shall be any houses, stable-

lodger residing therein liable to any of the duties hereby made keepers , per-

payable, of which lists are hereby required to be delivered, shall, fons letting

from time to time, enter in a book an account of every person horses, fer-

vants , or car-

so liable ; and every livery stable- keeper, or other person receiving riages to hire,

any horses or carriages to stand at livery, or delivered to him or horse -dealers,

her to be kept , shall also from time to time enter in a book an coachmakers ,

account of every carriage or horse so standing at livery, or deli- and persons

fellingcar-

vered to be kept by him or her ; and every person letting any riages by auc-

horses to hire in such manner as not to be chargeable to any duty tion , or on

payable by law on horses let to hire, or letting any servants or commission, to

carriages, shall also from time to time enter in a book an account keep books

of such horses, servants, and carriages , and the number thereof, containing

entries of

and the periods of each letting, and also the names of such fer- certain parti-

vants, and the descriptions of such carriages ; and every horse- culars relative

dealer shall also enter in a book an account of the number of to the persons

and articles

horses kept by him, whether for sale or ufe, distinguishing the chargeable

number kept for sale, and the number kept for use, and to what with the

dutyduties .

1078 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [1803.

dutythe fame are respectively liable ; and every such coachmaker

or maker of such carriages , shall also enter in a book the number

and kinds of carriages by him built and constructed for sale,

distinguishing the number of wheels of each , and the number

fold, and the names and places of abode of the persons to whom

fold, and the days on which each carriage was delivered or sent

out of his or her shop or warehouse ; and every such feller of

carriages by auction or on commission as aforesaid, shall also

enter in a book the number and kinds of carriages fold by him or

her, distinguishing the number of wheels of each, and the days on

Books maybe which such carriages were sold respectively ; all which books shall,

inspectedby

the affeflors or at all reasonable times in the day-time, be open to the inspection

surveyors, and of the assessors, surveyor, or inspector of the place where such

copies thereof person shall reside as aforesaid ; and every person hereby required

to be delivered to enter and keep such account respectively ; shall, if in England,

at certain

Wales, and Berwick-upon-Trweed, within twenty days after the fifth

periods.

day of July and the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, and within twenty days after the fifth day of

January and the fifth day of April , the fifth day of July and the

tenth day of October in every subsequent year ; and if in Scotland ,

within twenty days after the twenty- ninth day of September, and

the twenty- fifth day of March yearly, deliver a true copy in

writing of all and every entry made in such book or books respectively within the preceding quarter of the year, containing

the several matters and things before directed, to the assessors or

assessorss of the parish or place where he or she shall reside, for

the use of the surveyor or inspector of the said duties, or to such

surveyor or inspector ; and, when required so to do by such fur-

veyor or inspector, every such person, or his or her chief servant,

workman, or manager, shall make oath ( or, being a quaker ), an

affirmation of the truth of such account, according to the best of

his knowledge and belief ; and every such copy of the account to

be delivered by such person, shall, to the best of his or her

knowledge or belief , express the christian and surname of every

person required to be entered in such account, and the place or

Penalty for

places of his, her, or their usual residence ; and ifany such person

neglect or omission .

shall neglect to keep such account, or to deliver such copy thereof ,

or shall wilfully omit any description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending thall forfeit and pay the

Forms for

fum of fifty pounds.

entering such

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners

accounts to be for the affairs oftaxes shall cause to be prepared and issued to

prepared by every person applying for the fame, and leaving his or her name

the tax- office, and place ofabode in writing at the office for taxes, or with any

and issued to

persons apply surveyor of the said duties, for the district where the person

ing for the

making such application shall reside, proper forms for entering

fame.the accounts herein-before required to be made of lodgers, and

21

of the carriages and horses standing at livery , or delivered to

stable-keepers or other persons to be kept, and of the servants

kept by them, and also of servants, carriages, and horses, let to

hire as aforesaid, and of the horses kept by horse -dealers, and of carriages

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1079

carriages built and constructed and fold by coachmakers or

makers of such carriages, and of such carriages fold by auction or

on commission as aforesaid ; and every such account shall at the

endof each year (all such entries as aforesaid being required to be

first duly made) be signed by the party with his own proper name,

in his or her usual manner of writing or signing the fame, and

returned to the assessors or assessorss of the parish or place where

the party shall reside, for the use of the surveyor or inspector of

the districts as aforesaid, or to such surveyor or inspector as the

said commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall direct, at the times

herein- before required ; and in default of such application, the In default of

party shall be obliged to provide proper forms for the said purpose, such applica-

and shall cause all such entries to be duly made therein, and the tion , theparty

to provide

same to be signed and delivered to the assessors, or surveyor or proper forms.

inspector, in like manner as is before directed for the accounts

issued from the office for taxes ; and if any person shall neglect to Penalty for

deliver such accounts duly filled up, and signed, within the times neglecting to

deliver the

limited as aforesaid for making such returns, every such person accounts.

shall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted That the assessors, surveyor, Assessor or

or inspector, to whom such account as aforesaid, shall be delivered surveyor to

whom ac-

by any coachmaker, or maker of carriages , or by any feller of counts shall be

carriages as aforesaid , shall forthwith return to the respective delivered by

commissioners a certificate of the number of such carriages , of the any coach-

several descriptions herein mentioned by such persons respectively maker, or

feller of car-

constructed or fold within the period of such account, and the riages, to cer-

- amount of duty chargeable on them respectively , and the said tify the duty

commissioners shall cause an assessment to be made on the amount chargeable on

contained in each certificate, and added to the affefsment of the such carriages

said other duties charged in the same parish orplace , and shall fioners, who

to the commif-

cause the same to be inserted in the collector's duplicate, who shall are to make

demand, receive, and collect the fame, at the same times and an affeffinent

under the same warrant as the other duties are collected by or accordingly.

paid to such collector .

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Gate- keepers

respective days appointed for the commencement of the said du- by whom cer.

tificates of

ties, every gate-keeper of or upon any turnpike road, by whom horses let to

any certificate shall be filed of any hories let to hire, in such hire so as not

manner as not to subject the hirer thereof to any stamp- office to be subject

duty, payable by the laws then in force, and every collector or to the stamp-

farmer of the said stamp-office duty, to whom such certificate office duty

thall be filed ,

shall be delivered by such gate-keeper, according to the laws then and farmers of

in force, shall at all seasonable times permit the surveyors or in- the said duties

spectors of the said duties by this act made payable, to inspect to permit tur-

veyors to in-

such certificates gratis , and to take copies thereof , or of such parts spect certifi

thereof , or extracts from the fame, as the said surveyor shall cates.

think necessary for securing the payment of the said duties; and Penalty for

if any person mall wilfully refuse to permit such inspection, or refusal.

such copy to be taken, he or the thall forfeit the fum of one

hundred pounds. XLVII, And٤

1080 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803.

Lists ofper- XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the name and place

fons licensed of abode of every person licensed to let post-horses by the com-

to let post- horses tobe missioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parch-

transmitted to ment, and paper, under the laws in force, shall annually be tranf-

thetax- office. mitted to the office for the affairs of taxes by the said commif-

fioners , whenever the said duties shall not be let to farm, or

Persons trad- otherwise, by the farmers and collectors of the said duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

ing as horse- dealers atdi. every person who hath or shall have divers places in Great

vers places Britain, whereat he or she shall use or exercise the trade or bufi-

to deliver re- ness of an horse-dealer, and is or may be desirous of paying the

turns at each said duties at one of such places, such places not being within

place , declar-

ing where they different limits, as set forth in the said schedule marked (H), fub-

intend to be jecting him or her to different duties , shall be obliged to deliver

charged. a declaration at each of such places, declaring therein the parti-

cular county and parish or place where he or the intends or

ought to be charged for the said duty, to enable the assessors or af-

sessors at such place to charge the fame accordingly, on pain that

every person offending in any of the particulars before mentioned

shall be chargeable at either place, and for neglect in making such

Horse- dealers return shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds ; provided

in London, Westminster,

that every person exercising the said trade in London, Westminster,

the bills of the liberties of the fame, the parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bone and

mortality , &c. Saint Pancras in the county of Middlesex, the weekly bills of mor-

tobe charged tality , or the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, shall

to the duties in be charged and pay the duties in respect thereof in such of the

those districts . said places where such business shall be carried on within the last-

Commission- mentioned limits , and not elsewhere.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

ers of taxes

maycause lifts

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes to cause such lift or lifts

of personshav-

of names and places of abode of persons having made returns in

ingmade re-

pursuance of this act, or of persons charged to the duties by this

turns, or be

ing charged

act made payable, to be made out for the purpose of being in-

to the duties

spected by any person or persons who shall make application to

to be made

inspect the same , as to them shall seem necessary for the better

out for the

execution of this act, and to authorise copies of such lifts, or

inspection of

any part thereof, to be made out, in such manner by the several

persons applying for

inspectors, surveyors , and officers employed under them, and at

that purpose.

such times as to such commissioners shall seem fit , all which lifts

Copies of

and copies, signed by any inspector, surveyor, or other officer

lifts to be

aforesaid, authorised by the said commissioners, shall be admitted

admitted as

as evidence in all courts, and before all persons acting in the

evidence.

execution of this act, and for which copies the fee of one shilling,

and no more, may be taken for the return of each person contained therein .

Lifts ofper-

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

fons charged

commissioners for the affairs of taxes, under the direction of the

to the duties

maybe pub- lords- commissioners of his Majesty's treasury , from time to time,

lishedunder to publish or cause to be published in the several counties, ridings,

thedirection divisions, cities, towns, parishes, and places respectively, lifts

fury .

of the trea- containing the names of any persons charged to the duties made payable

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1081

payableby this act, and to cause the same to be published in such Penalty for

manner as they shall direct ; and if any person shall wil- defacing such

fully tear, deface, or remove any lift of any such names, or any

lifts.

part of such lifts that shall be affixed by order of such commif-

fioners as aforesaid upon any church or chapel-door, or market-

cross, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of

fivepounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any person rated and Penalty on

assessed to any of the said duties made payable by this act , shall persons re-

remove out of the limits of the collectors of the said duties who moving with-

outpayment

shall be charged to collect the fame, without first paying or dif- of duties.

charging, or causing to be paid or discharged, all the duties

charged upon him or her, and which shall then be due and payable , and without leaving within such limits sufficient goods and

chattels whereon the said duties in arrear may be raised and le-

vied, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and

pay over and above the said duties so left unpaid as aforesaid the

fum of twenty pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every occupier of any Penalty on

dwelling-house, or distinct apartment as aforesaid , who shall not occupiers of

dwelling-

return a lift of persons residing with him or her as aforesaid, or houses for

shall omit any person who ought to have been included therein, omitting to

and who to his or her knowledge shall have worn hair- powder, return persons

or used any armorial bearing or ensign within the period for residing there.

inwho shall

which the return should be made , shall be liable to prosecution have worn

for the penalty hereby inflicted, and be deemed guilty thereupon, hair -powder ,

whether it shall appear that the person so omitted, or not returned or used armo.

hath or hath not for himself or herselfmade a return at the same rial bearings .

or any other place, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for any

offence against this act, or is or is not amenable to justice there-

for ; and the conviction of any person for not returning or omit-

ting any such person as aforesaid, shall not be deemed to exempt

the person so omitted or not returned from paying the duty by

this act imposed, or from prosecution or punishment for any

offence against this act ; provided that any person residing in any

Persons whose

dwelling-house at the time of making such return, as a lodger or

ordinary refi-

dence thall be

inmate, who thall elsewhere have his or her place of ordinary elsewhere to

residence, shall be returned as ordinarily residing in such other be so return-

place .

ed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Persons who

ought to be charged by virtue of this act shall, by changing his fraudulently escape taxa-

orher place of residence, or by any other fraud or covin, escape tion may be

from the taxation, and not be charged , and the same be proved charged tre-

before the commissioners acting in the execution of this act, orble the duties

any two or more of them , where such person dwelleth or resideth at any time

within one

atany time within one year next after such charge ought to have year after the

been made, every person that shall so escape from the taxation and charge ought

payment shall be charged (upon proof thereof ) at treble the value to have been

of fo much as he or the thould or ought to have been charged made.

at by this act, the said treble value to be charged in the affessment

on such person, and on non- payment thereof , to be levied on the

goods, lands, and hereditaments of such persons.

LIV. And

1082 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [ 1803.

Parents and

guardians LIV. And be it further enacted , That where any person or

Buy the duties persons chargeablewith the duties hereby made payable as afore-

charged upon said, thall be under the age of twenty- one years, or where any

infants, and person so chargeable shall die, in every such cafe the parents and

executors and guardians of such infants respectively, upon default of payment

administrators by such infants, and the executors and administrators of the

theassessments upon persons persons so dying shall be and are hereby made liable to and

deceased. charged with the payments which the said infants ought to have

made, and the persons so dying were chargeable with ; and if

such parents or guardians, or such executors or administrators,

shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to pro-

ceed against them in like manner as against any other person or

persons making default of payment of the duties hereby made

Payments so payable ; and all parents and guardians, making payment as

made to be

allowed in

aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every sum and sums paid for

theirac-

such infants, in his, her, or their accounts ; and all executors and

counts.

administrators shall be allowed to deduct all such payments out

of the affets and effects of the person so dying.

Duties charg-

LV. And be it further enacted, That where in the affefsment

edon land-

Jords under

of any parish , ward, or place, by virtue of the rules contained in

schedule (A), schedules (A), or ( B), the said duties shall be charged on the

and(B), may landlord or landlords, or owners of any dwelling-houses let in

incertaincafes different apartments, stories, tenements, lodgings, lands, or land-

bedemanded ings , and not on the respective occupiers thereof , and the land-

of the occu-

pier of the lords or owners shall not reside in such parish or place, or shall

premises, who not have sufficient goods or chattels in such parish or place

maydeduct

the amount

whereon the duties so assessed shall or may be levied, and such

out of the

landlords or owners shall not have paid the said duties, then and

landlord's

in such case it shall be lawful for the collector or collectors to de-

rent.

mand the fame of and from the tenant or tenants, occupier or

occupiers thereof, or any of them, and on non-payment there-

of thall and may levy the said duties on the goods and chattels of

such tenants and occupiers respectively, by distress and sale as

aforesaid, as if the said duties were charged on such tenants and

occupiers ; and such tenants and occupiers are hereby required and

authorised to pay such sum or sums of money as shall be so assessed,

and to deduct out of the rent of such apartments, stories, tene-

ments, lodgings, lands , or landings, such payments as the landlords

and owners have been charged with ; and the said landlords and

owners, both mediate and immediate, according to the respec-

tive interests, are hereby required to allow such payments upon

receipt of the residue of the rent, and every such tenant and oc-

cupier shall be acquitted and discharged of fo much money as the

said afsessiment or assessinents shall amount unto, as if the fame

Parishes or had actually been paid unto such landlords or owners.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in England, Wales, or

places in Eng- Berwick- upon- Tweed, the ward, parish, or place in which any af-

land, in which sessiment shall be made of the said duties shall be answerable for

affefsments are the amount of the duties which shall be charged in such ward,

made, to be answerable for parish, or place, and for the said duties being duly demanded of

the duties. the respective persons charged therewith, within ten days after

the same are payable by virtue of this act by the collector or collectors

1

コ

1

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1083

lectors of such ward, parish, or place, and also for such collector

or collectors , his, her or their executors or administrators, duly

paying the fums received by such collector or collectors , to the

receiver- general of the said duties according to this and the said

first recited act; and every arrear of the said duties arising from Arrears to be

the default as aforesaid, or by the failure of any collector for re-assessed.

which any ward, parish, or place as aforesaid shall be answerable,

shall be re-assessed within or upon such ward, parish , or place, as

soon after such default shall be discovered as conveniently can be

done, and shall respectively be charged on the amount of the af-

fefsment , which shall be made for the fame duties in the year

commencing from the fifth day of April preceding the time of

making such re-assessment, by duly apportioning the amount of

such arrear amongst the several persons afsessed in that year to the

same duties respectively on which such arrear shall have accrued,

according to each person's affefsment thereof , as nearly as the

case will admit , and by the like rules, methods, and directions

by which the original assessment was made of the fame duties to

be raised and levied, in such manner as any affefsment may be by

this act raised and levied.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the duties Deficiencies of

affessed in Scotland shall not be paid to the receiver-general by duties in Scot-

reason of any failure of the collector, either in the performance ofland arising

from the

his duty, or in not paying over the monies received by him ac- failure or

cording to the directions of this and the said last recited act, and default of

any deficiency shall remain after diligence used against such collectors to

collector, or his surety or sureties, or in case of death, against his be re-assessed.

executors or administrators, then andin such cafe the commissioners acting in the execution of this act for the thire, stewartry,

city , or borough in Scotland , where such failure has happened,

shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the

deficient fum to be re-assessed as soon after such deficient sum has

been ascertained as can be done, upon those persons subjected to

the payment of the like duties in the year when the re- affefsment

shall be made, by duly apportioning the amount of such defici-

ency amongst them according to each person's assessment as near

as the cafe will admit, and by like rules and modes by which the

original affefsments were made of the duties assessed in that year,

which sum so re-affefsed shall be levied and collected in such man-

ner as the said duties may be raised and levied in Scotland.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Personsnot to

shall be charged or affefsed to the poor's rate or contribution for be assessed to

the poor's rate

the poor , or to the highway duty, or commutation of statute or highway

labour, for or in respect of any duties made payable by this act, duty, in re-

but that such owners and occupiers shall continue to be rateable spect of any

to the said rates, contributions, and duties, in such manner as

dutiesmade

they might have been rated and assessed to the fame respectively ,payable by

before the passing of this act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the payment of any of

Payment of

the duties made payable by this act, by any person or persons, in

the duties not

any parith or place, shall not entitle the person or persons so

paying such duties to a settlement in such parish or place.

to entitle any

person to a settlement.LX. And

1084 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [1803.

Assessor, in- LX. And be it further enacted, That the several assessors, in-

spectors, and spectors, and surveyors, so as aforesaid appointed or to be ap-

surveyors, to

view and ex- pointed, and every of them, shall have full power, at seasonable

amine houses, times, taking to his or their assistance in all cases when the same

inorder to

shall be necessary, a constable, headborough, tything- man, or

ascertainthe other officer of the respective parishes or places within that part

value thereof ,

and the num-

of Great Britain aforesaid, who are hereby required to assist such

ber anddi-

officers accordingly, to view and examine each dwelling-house,

mensions of in order to ascertain the number of windows or lights therein, and

the windows. the dimensions thereof , and the annual rent at which the fame

Constables to dwelling- house ought to be charged ; and for so doing shall have

affist when

required. liberty to pass through any house or houses, and to go into any

court, yard, back side, or premises thereunto belonging, and ex-

ternally to view and inspect the windows or lights in any such

house or houses, and the premises occupied therewith, and to

measure such windows or lights externally , that cannot be conveniently seen, numbered, or measured, without passing through

such house or houses ; and shall also have liberty to make like

10 view, examination, and inspection twice in the year during the

Incaseof dif- continuance of this act ; and if any dispute shall arise, touching

pute touching the dimensions of any window or light, the proof thereof shalllie

the dimensions

of anywindow upon the occupier or occupiers, who shall cause the same to be

theproof to duly admeasured at his and their proper costs , and verified before

lie on the occupier .

two or more of the said commissioners, on the oath or affirmation

of the person admeasuring the fame.

Afsessors, fur-

&c. LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

veyore dif any dwelling-house shall be divided into distinct tenements,

1

tinct tene-

requiring each tenement to be separately afsessed, it shall be law-

ments in a ful for the said asseslors , surveyors , and inspectors, and every of

house where them, to take an account of the number of windows in each

the same are distinct tenement, and for that purpose shall have liberty to enter

tobefeparate-

lyaffessed.

into the same, and to view, number, and measure the windows

therein, as well internally as externally.

Assessor to

LXII. And be it further enacted , That the respective assessors

bring in certificates of

acting in the execution of this act, shall bring in their certifi-

assessments for cates ofafsessments in writing under their hands, within the time

all the duties, limited by the said recited act of the present session of parliament,

• with the to be verified as therein directed, of every dwelling-house, in-

names ofthose habited or not inhabited, within the limits of those places for

who have

claimed ex- which they are to act, and of the number of windows or lights

emptions, to in each house, and the full and just yearly rent which every such

be verified on dwelling-house, with the offices and premises hereby charged, is

oath ,and tobe really worth, estimated according to this act, together with the

delivered at

thetimes, and names and surnames of the several occupiers or inhabitants of

according to each dwelling-house, and also the greatest number of male fer-

theregula- vants, or other male persons herein described, carriages, horses ,

tions of the act mules, and dogs, which shall have been retained, kept, or used,

of thepresent within the then preceding year, for which the persons retaining,

session.keeping, or using the fame, ought to be assessed to any of the

duties made payable by this act for the current year, within the

limits of those places for which they act, and the names and furnames

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C.161. 1085

furnames of the several persons who shall have retained, kept, or

used the same, and also the names and furnames of all persons

within such limits liable to the duties, in respect of their trade or

business of an horse-dealer, or of their trade or business of a

coachmaker, or maker of carriages, or feller of carriages by

auction, or on commission, or in respect of hair-powder, or any

armorial bearings or ensigns worn or used by them, and of the

several sums of money they respectively ought to pay by virtue

of this act , in each case respectively, without concealment or

favour; and also the names and furnames of those who have

claimed exemptions from the said duties, or any of them, and the

causes of such exemption under the penalty contained in the said

recited act, observing therein, as to the time of bringing in such

certificates , the regulations of the said recited act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyors or Inspectors and

inspectors appointed or to be appointed as herein- mentioned, surveyors to

shall be, and they are hereby empowered to inspect and examine examine re-

turns and

all and every the returns of lifts or declarations made by any per- affeffiments,

fon or persons chargeable to the said duties, or any of them, ac- and may

cording to the directions of this act, and also all and every the amend the

affefflments of the said duties, or any of them, made for any parish fame before

or place, as well before as after the commissioners shall have they are allowedbythe

signed and allowed the said assessments, and before such allow - commission-

ance, to correct and amend such affefsments, if he or they shall see ers .

fit ; and every person in whose custody any such lifts shall be, Lifts to be

shall and is hereby required, upon the request of any such fur -deliveredto

the surveyors

veyor or inspector as aforesaid to deliver the fame into his custodywhenre-

for the purposes of this act, taking his receipt for the fame; and quired , and

every person in whose custody any such affeffiment shall be, shall assessments to

and is hereby required, upon the request of such surveyor or in- be produced

to them for

spector as aforesaid, to produce the fame ; and such surveyor or the purpose of

inspector is hereby authorised to take charge of the fame, until taking copies

he shall have taken such copies of or extracts from the same, as or extracts .

may be necessary for his and their better information ; and if any

such surveyor or inspector shall, after any such lift or lifts, and

assessment or assessments , shall be so respectively made out, signed, After affeff-

and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover upon his survey or ex - ments are allowed, the

amination, or otherwise, that any person who ought to be charged surveyor to

with the said duties, or any of them, shall have been omitted to certify omif-

be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, or that any fions to the

person liable to the said duties, or any of them, in respect ofcommission-

which such lifts or declarations as aforesaid ought to have been ers byway of

surcharge.

delivered, hath not made any return, as by this act is required,

or hath omitted any person, or any description, or any article,

matter, or thing, which ought to have been returned, fo that he

or she shall not have been charged to the amount which ought

to be paid by him or her, or that any exemption shat have been

claimed which is not allowed by this act, then, and in every such

cafe, the said surveyor or inspector shall certify the fame in writ-

ing under his hand, together with an account of every default

and omission, with the name or description of the person or thing not

1086 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [1803.

Uponthede- not returned or omitted, to the best of his knowledge and belief ,

livery of such and the full amount of the duty which ought to be paid by way

certificate ,

and upon oath of surcharge to any two or more of the said commissioners for

beingmade

putting in execution this act , in order to have such default,

that notice

omission, or under- rate rectified in the said assessment ; and such

was given to

commissioners are, upon the delivery of any such certificate, and

the party, the commission

upon oath being first made that such notice as hereinafter directed

ers to allow

was given to, or left in writing at the dwelling -house or other

the fur-

place of abode of the person so surcharged, required to sign and

charges.

allow the said surcharges, and to cause the said affefsiments to be

Noticetobe rectified, and the said duties to be levied accordingly ; and the

givento per- said inspectors and surveyors shall give or cause to be given to

fur-

charged . every person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or

Surcharges to her last or usual place of abode in the district where such surcharge

be made at the was made, notice in writing of such surcharge, and of the amount

periodsdirec- for which he or she shall have been charged by virtue of such

ted by the

certificate, which surcharges the said inspectors and surveyors

acts of the

present session, are hereby empowered to make from time to time, and at such

and tobe in times as is directed by the said recited acts respectively of the

the full of the present session of parliament; and such surcharges shall be made

duties in sche- in the full amount of the duty which ought to be charged by

dules( A)and virtue of such certificate , in respect of the duties contained in

( B) . and in schedules ( A) and (B), and in double the amount of the duty

double thedu- which ought to be charged by virtue of such certificate, in re-

tics contained spect of all or any of the duties contained in the other schedules

in the other

schedules . to this act annexed.

Affefsment or LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no assessinent or

surcharges not surcharge made or to be made by any assessors or assessorss,

to beimpeach- surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, by virtue of this

ed on account act, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any mistake or

ofmistakes in

the names or variance in the christian or surname, or either of them, of any

descriptions. person liable to any of the duties made payable by this act, or

of any servant or other male person herein described, or in the

description of their employments, nor by reason of any mistake

in the description of any carriage, horse, mule, or dog, as required by this act, or the amount of the duty surcharged, whether

such mistake or variance shall appear in the notice and certificate

to be delivered or made in such cafe, or in either of them ; but

that all such assessments and surcharges shall be valid and effec-

tual to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such mistake

or variance, provided the notice of surcharge be delivered to, or

left at the place of abode of the person intended to be so sur-

charged, according to the directions of this act, and the person

intended to be described, shall be liable to the said duties, or shall

be a servant or servants, of or otherwise employed by the person

or persons so surcharged, or the carriage, horse, mule, or dog,

intended to be described, shall belong to, or the duty intended to

be described, shall be chargeable on such person or persons.

Doubleduty LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

may be avoid

edbymaking any person to whom such notice of surcharge shall be given as

a return be. aforesaid, on occasion of his or her having neglected to make

any

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1087

any return as required by this act, at any time previous to the fore theday of

time appointed for hearing appeals next after the delivery of appeal with an

affidavit an-

such notice, to make out and deliver to the surveyor or inspec- nexed .

tor who thall have delivered the notice of surcharge, a true,

perfect , and complete lift or lifts , or declaration or declarations

in the forms directed by this act, and as the cafe may require,

so that he or she may from such last- mentioned lifts or declara-

tions so delivered, be charged to the said duties the full fum at satisfiedthere Surveyor, if

which he or the ought to be charged by virtue of this act ; pro- with, to cer-

vided that to every such lift or declaration, there shall be annexed tify the fame

an affidavit in writing to the effect hereinafter mentioned ; and to the commissioners,

ifthe said surveyor or inspector shall be satisfied with such list or and the party

declaration, and affidavit , then he shall certify such return and to be charged

affidavit to two or more of the said commissioners, with the accordingly at

amount of the duty to be charged, who shall thereupon cause the single

the assessment to be made according to such certificate, and the duty.

same rate ofduty as fet forth in the schedules to this act annexed, If the survey.

or is dissatis-

to be charged on the person making such return without further fied, he is to

trouble or delay; but if upon examination of such lift or decla- state his ob-

ration, or such affidavit, the said surveyor or inspector shall see jection to the

just cause to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such re- ers, and the

commission-

turn and affidavit, together with the cause of his objection, to affefsment is

two or more of the said commissioners, who shall thereupon then to be

cause the affessment to be made according to such last -mentioned made in the

certificate, in double the amount of the duty at which such per- subject to

double duty,

fon shall be surcharged ; and from which charge no abatement appeal.

shall be made on any pretence, unless on appeal as hereinafter is Notice to be

directed, of which certificate, notice shall be given by the fur- given to the

veyor to the person to be charged thereby.

party .

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such affidavit Form of affi-

shall allege and declare in substance, or to the effect as follows, davit, in cafes

offurcharge

( that is to fay; ) That the deponent was not at his or her dwell- where no re-

ing-house or other place of abode, at the time appointed for the turn has been

fixing or delivery of general or other notice, for making a return made.

as required by this act, nor between that day and the time

limited for making such return to the assessors, and that he or

the had not any such notice ; or, that he or she was disabled by

sickness from making such return ; or, that the non -delivery of

such return was occasioned by the following unavoidable mif-

take or accident, without any intention to defraud the revenue ;

videlicet [herefet forth the cause of such default] and that the re-

turn annexed to this affidavit is a full , perfect , and complete

return of all matters and things required of the said deponent by

this act, to the best of his or her judgement ; which affidavit

may be taken before any one or more of the commissioners act-

ing for the place where the surcharge shall be made, or where

1

the party surcharged shall reside, and shall be signed by the party

making the fame.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful On surcharges

for any person to whom such notice of surcharge shall be given for any omif-

fion in a re-

on occasion of his or her having omitted in the return made any turn, the

person double duty

1088 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III . C. 161. [1803.

maybe avoid- person or description, or any article , matter , or thing, which

ed bymaking ought to have been contained therein, or of having claimedany

a new return

with anaffida. exemption not allowed by this act , to amend such return, by

vit annexed. delivering to the surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, a new return

according to the directions before given, to which an affidavit

Charge to be

shall be annexed to the effect hereinafter mentioned; and the

made in the

said surveyor or inspector shall be at liberty to certify his fatis-

single duty ,

factiontherewith, or his objection thereto, in the manner herein-

veyor shall certifyhis

before directed, according to which certificate the party fur-

charged shall be assessed in the single duty to the full amount at

objection as in which he or the thall be chargeable, or in the double duty on

the cafe where

no return has

the amount of the duty fo surcharged, as the case may require ,

been made.

subject to the like power of appeal from such charge in the

double duty, and to the like proceedings, in all other respects,

as are before given and directed.

Form of af-

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such last-

fidavit incafes mentioned affidavit shall allege and declare the grounds and

of surcharge cause of each omission, or claim of exemption, as well to matter

fordefective

returns .

of law as fact , whether the deponent shall perfist in such omission

or claim, or not, and also, that the return annexed to this affi-

davit is a full , perfect, and complete return of all matters and

things required of the said deponent by this act , to the best of

his or her judgement and belief , and that such omission or claim

was not made with intention to defraud the revenue, which said

last - mentioned affidavit shall be made and signed in the manner

before directed.

Appeals to

beheard and

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an

appeal may be made from any assessment or surcharge as afore-

determined under the re- said , and heard and determined under the regulations of the

gulations of said recited acts respectively, and that such appeal may be made in

the acts of the the like cases as are mentioned in the said recited acts respectively,

present session. and also in the cafe hereinafter mentioned.

Persons over- LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

charged may fons shall think himself , herself , or themselves respectively over-

appeal to the commission- charged or over- rated by any certificate of any inspector or fur-

ers.

veyor as aforesaid, or by any assessment to be made by virtue or

in pursuance of such certificate, it shall be lawful for him, her,

Upon the hearing of

or them respectively, to appeal to the said commissioners in such

manner as they are authorised to appeal from any original affeff-

appeals, the appellant shall

ment or surcharge by the regulations of the said recited acts

produce lifts

respectively , and upon the hearing of any such appeal, or the

inallcafes

appeal against any such original assessiment or surcharge, the ap-

where they

pellant shall, in all cafes where a lift or declaration shall or ought

are required,

to have been delivered by the said appellant to the assessors , pro-

and verify the

same upon

duce before the said commissioners a true, perfect, and complete

oath.

list or lifts, and declaration or declarations, as the cafe may re-

Affefsment to quire, and verify the fame on his or her oath, or affirmation .

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon every surcharge

bemade in the confirmed by the said commissioners on appeal, according to the

double duty regulations of the said recited acts respectively , and also upon

upon everyfurchargecon- every surcharge allowed by the said commissioners upon the certificate

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. 1089

tificate of the surveyor or inspector, as directed by this act (ex- firmed on ap-

cept in cases where sufficient returns, upon affidavit , have beenpeal, or allow-

supplied as aforesaid ) theaffefsments shall be made in double the commission- ed by the

rates ofduty prescribed in the schedules annexed to this act, on ers, except

the amount of the duty fo surcharged, which sum shall be added where returns

to the assessment , and inserted in the duplicates of the collectors, upon affidavit

and collected and levied therewith, and paid to the receiver- made.

have been

general : provided always, that upon every such appeal , if the Commission-

said commissioners shall be of opinion that there was any just ers may remit

cause ofcontroversy on the part of the appellant on the subject any part of the

matter of appeal, and that the alleged default , neglect, omifion, double duty

or claim , was not wilfully made, and with intention to defraud not exceeding

the revenue , it shall be lawful for the said commissioners who shall one moiety.

have determined the said appeal, although they shall have confirmed or allowed the surcharge, at the same time to remit and

strike off any part of the double duty, not exceeding one moiety

of the charge above the rates of duty prescribed by the said schedules; and the assessors, surveyor, or inspector, fo making such Inspector or

farcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and surveyor to

receive for his own use, from the receiver-general to whom the receive from

duties thallbepaid , the overplus of the fum fo charged above general the

the receiver-

1

the said rates of duty, as prescribed in the said schedules, which overplus above

overplus the commissioners for executing this act, who shall have the rates of

confirmed such surcharge , or any two or more of them, shall at duty.

the fame meeting certify under their hands to the commissioners Commissioners to certify

for the affairs of taxes, and the certificate of the said commif- such overplus

1

fioners for the affairs of taxes shall be a warrant to the said to the tax-

receiver- general to pay the same . office , &c.

LXXII. And be it further enacted , That if any inspector or Inspector or

surveyor shall wilfully make any false and vexatious surcharge, surveyor mak-

or

wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the commissioners ing a false or

vexatious

for executing this act any false and vexatious certificate of charge, charge or fur

every such inspector or surveyor shall forfeit to the party ag- charge to

grieved any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be recoveredby b forfeit orfeit sol.

action of debt, bill, plaint , or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for offences committed in

England , and in the court ofgreat sessions for offences committed

in Wales, and in the courts of session or exchequer for offences

committed in Scotland , with full costs of suit: provided always, Not to defeat

that nothing hereinbefore contained , nor any suit by the party any

any action

aggrieved, in pursuance of this act, shall be construed to affect , against fur-

impeach, or defeat any action or information brought or to be veyor for cor.

rupt, vexati-

brought against any surveyor or inspector , in pursuance of the ous , or illegal

said recited acts respectively , for any corrupt, vexatious, or il practices .

legal practices in the execution of his office ; and it shall be law- Court may

ful for the judge before whom such inspector or surveyor shall mitigate the

have been convicted of such offence, by indorsement on the penalty.

✓ postea, or for the court before whom such person shall be convicted, to mitigate the penalty at his or their discretion .

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such assessors Assessor, in-

or assessorss, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, or spectors , or

VOL. XLIV . 4A thefurveyors, and appellantsdif-

1090 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [ 1803 .

satisfied with the persons appealing either against the original assessment or

the determina- surcharge, or against the certificate of the inspector or surveyor

tion of commissionersmayas aforesaid, or against the assessment to be made thereupon,

demand a cafe hall apprehend the determination made by the said commissioners

for the opinion to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and

ofajudge. shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such deter-

mination, it shall be lawful to and for such assessor or affefssors,

surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, or appellant, respectively, to require the said commissioners to state specially ,

and to sign the case upon which the question arose, together with

the determination thereupon, which cafe the said commissioners,

or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to

state, and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered

to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or

her transmitted, if in England , Wales, or Berwick-upon- Tweed, to

one of the justices of the court of King's-bench or common-

pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer for the

If the opinion time being at Westminster, and if in Scotland to one of the lords

shall be infup-

portof any of the court of session, or the barons of the court of exchequer

surcharge, the in Scotland; and every such judge is hereby required, with all

affefsment. convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted ,

shall be in the with his opinion thereon subscribed thereto, according to which

double duty,

or shall be mi- opinion, so certified, the assessment which shall have been the

tigated as shall cause of such appeal shall be altered or confirmed : provided

have beende- always, that where the opinion of such judge shall be in support

termined on of any surcharge, the affefsment thereupon shall be made in the

the appeal.

double duty, or shall be mitigated to such sum as shall have been

Assessments, determined bythe commissioners at the time of the appeal : pro-

due precedent

to the opinion vided also, that notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to

of the judge any of the said judges, the instalment on the assessment as de-

beingcertified, termined and allowed by the said commissioners, which shall

to collected

as allowed by become due precedent to the opinion being certified by any such

commission- judge upon such cafe, shall be collected and levied as if no such

ers.

cafehad been transmitted ..

Appellant LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if according to the

havingde- mandedacafe opinion of any of the said judges to whom any case shall, at the

for the opinion request of the appellant or appellants, be transmitted in pursuance

of the judges, of any of the directions contained in this act, the charge or fur-

to be subject charge upon which the question contained in such cafethall have

ifthe charge

to405. costs , arisen shall be confirmed and established, the person or persons

upon him thall fo charged or surcharged shall, for the costs and charges attend-

beconfirined. ing the fame, pay to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors, the fum of forty shillings, in addition to the affefsment

or surcharge so confirmed and established as aforesaid, and which

costs shall be added to such assessment, and levied and collected

therewith, and as part of the duties so assessed.

When cafes LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

transmitted to whenever any case or cafes to be transmitted to any of the said

a judge thall judges for his or their opinion thereon, in the manner directed

tained by the by this act, shall have been obtained by any inspector or inspec-

inspectors or tors, surveyor or surveyors, or assessors or assessorss, by reason of

any

1

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 161. 1091

any surcharge or surcharges, or any certificate not being allowed surveyors, and

bythe commissioners for executing this act, and the same shall shall not be

returnedwith-

not be returned within the time hereby limited for delivering in the time

the duplicates to the receivers-general, and the office of the limited for

King's remembrancer, whereby the passing of the accounts of delivering the

the receivers -general may be impeded, it shall be lawful for the duplicates ,

commissioners, and they are hereby required to cause to be made fioners to

outthe duplicates of the several afsessments required to be de- make separate

livered to the respective receivers-general, and into the office ofassessments anddupli-

the King's remembrancer, exclusive of the fums so depending, cates .

to the end that there may be no delay in paying into the receipt

of the exchequer the sums afsessed and fully charged ; and that

upon the return of such opinion, whenever the same shall happen ,

the said commissioners shall cause separate afsessments to be made

out , including therein the names of the party or parties in the

cafe or cases so transmitted , and the amount of the fums where-

with the party or parties ought to be charged , according to such

opinions so returned; and the sums so assessed to be levied in

ゴ

like form and manner as any assessments may be levied, and to

be paid to the respective receivers-general; and shall also cause

true supplemental duplicates of all such separate assessments to be

made out as soon as conveniently may be done, and delivered

unto the respective receivers-general, and also transmitted into

the office of the King's remembrancer, for which supplemental

duplicates, the proper officers shall give acquittances gratis, fo

as every of them may be duly charged to answer the whole of

their respective collections and receipts .

LXXVI. And, to the end that no person maypay the fame duties

for the fame articles in more parishes or districts than onefor the fame

year; be it further enacted, That if any person having been Commission.

afsessed under this act in one parish or district to the duties made ers on appli-

payable by this act, or any of them, shall be again afseffed in cation made

to them to

another parish or district for the fame cause and on the fame grant relief

account , in such cafe the commissioners for this act within such to persons

latter parish or district, or the majority of the said commissioners who have been

present, on any application for the purpose, may and are hereby ferent places

affefsed in dif-

required to alter any afsessment of such person so assessed twice, for the fame

on proofgiven before them that such person hath before been cause and on

affefsed for the fame cause, and on the fame account, in another the fame ac-

place, and in what place specifically , and hath paid or is liable count.

to pay the duties for the fame upon such assessment, which proof

shall be made by the oath or affirmation of the party, or some

credible witness, that the several assessments are for the fame

cause and on the fame account, and by the production of either

a copy or certificate of the first assessment, signed by two or

more commissioners of the district for which such first assessment

shall have been made, to be verified on oath or affirmation as

aforesaid, which copy or certificate the clerk of the said commissioners shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the fame,

or in default of such copy or certificate then the proof thereof

✓shall be made by other evidence on oath or affirmation as afore-

4 A2 said,

1092 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. [1803.

said, to the satisfaction of the commissioners present , or the ma-

jority of them ; and if any person shall, by any fraudulent contrivance whatever, procure any assessment to be altered, with

intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the

said duties, or any part thereof , every such person shall for every

such offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

No letters-

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no letters-patent,

patent tobe

an exemption granted by the King's majesty, or any of his royal progenitors,

from the

or to be granted by his Majesty to any person or persons, cities,

duties.

boroughs , or towns corporate within this realm, of any manner

of liberties , privileges, or exemptions from fubfidies, tolls,

taxes, affeffinents, or aids , shall be construed or taken to ex-

empt any person or persons , city, borough, or town corporate,

or any of the inhabitants of the fame , from the burthen and

charge of any of the said duties ; and all non-obstantes in such

letters-patent made or to be made in bar of this act, are hereby

declared to be void and of none effect ; any such letters -patent ,

grants or charters, or any clause of non-obstante, or other

matter or thing therein contained, or any law or statute to the

Commission-

contrary notwithstanding.

ers of the

LXXVIII . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out

treasury to

of the monies from time to time arisen or to arise of or from the

appoint fala-

said duties made payable by this act , it shall be lawful to and

ries to officers,

for the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more

and to pay incidental ex-

of them, now, or for the time being, or the high -treasurer for

pences.

thetime being, to settle and appoint such salaries and allowances

for the service, pains, and labour of the surveyors , inspectors ,

and other officers to be employed in the execution of this act,

and otherwise in relation thereto, and also to discharge such in-

cident charges and expences as shall necessarily attend the exe-

cution of this act, as the said commissioners of the treasury or

any three or more of them, or the high-treasurer for the time

being, shall think fit and reasonable in that behalf.

Allowances

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every receiver-

to the receiv- general shall have an allowance of two-pence in the pound for

ers-general,

collectors, and all monies which shall be byhim paid into the receipt of the ex-

clerks to com- chequer ; and that every collector shall have three-pence in the

missioners. pound, for what money he shall pay to the receiver-general, his

deputy or deputies, within the time limited by the said recited

act ; and that for the careful writing and transcribing the said

affefsments, warrants, estreats , and duplicates, in due time, and

for the due, speedy, and effectually executing all matters and

things directed to be performed under the said commissioners,

the clerk of the respective commissioners, who shall perform the

fame within the respective times limited by this act, shall, by

warrant under the hands of two or more of the commissioners,

have and receive from the respective receivers -general, their de-

puty or deputies, three half -pence in the pound, of all such

monies as he or they shall have received by virtue of such war-

rants or certificates , who is and are hereby appointed and allowed

to pay the same accordingly, provided this act be carried into

execution in due time, and in an effectual manner , for the dif

trict

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1093

trict in which he shall be appointed the clerk, and all warrants

or estreats be made out , and the duplicates delivered to the said

receiver-general, and into the office of King's remembrancer as

aforesaid, within the times limitedbythis act, and not otherwise ;

and noother person, except the person appointed to be his assistant No person to

as aforesaid, thall , under anypretence whatever, be entitled to receive any

or receive, or take any part of the reward hereby given to such part of the

clerk'spound-

clerk; the amount whereof shall be apportioned and fettled by age except

the respective commissioners; nor shall anyfuch clerk or affistant, himself or his

under anypretence whatever, demand , take, or receive any fee, assistant.

gratuity , or perquisite, for any matter or thing to be done by Clerk not to

him or them, by virtue and under the authority of this act, from take any fee

or gratuity.

anyperson or persons other than the receiver-general, his deputy

or deputies, in manner aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe- Recovery of

nalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall and may be penalties.

fued for, recovered, and applied in such manner and form, as is

directed by the said recited acts respectively in regard to the

pecuniary penalties and forfeitures thereby imposed.

LXXXI . And be it further enacted , That the collectors shall Payment of

pay over the whole of the sums by them received by virtue of duties by the

collectors to

this act, in manner and upon the days of payment following : the receivers-

that is to say, in England, Wales, and Berwick- upon-Tweed , the general, and

same shall be paid quarterly unto the respective receivers- general by . bythe re-

or their respective deputies withintwentydays after the respective ceivers-gene-

ralinto

days appointed for the payment thereof , atsuch places as shall exchequer.

be appointed by such receivers-general, and the said receivers-

general shall cause the same to be paid into the receipt of his

Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, before the end of the quarter

in which the same shall be received, according to the provisions

of the said first recited act ; and in Scotland the same shall be paid

half -yearly to the receiver-general at Edinburgh, videlicet, on or

before the twenty - fifth day of December, for the first half -year's

instalment of the said duties, and on or before the twenty-fourth

day of June for the last half -year's instalment of the said duties

in every year ; and the said receiver- general shall, within forty

days after the said respective days, remit and pay the same into

the said receipt, according to the provisions of the said last-recited

act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising Duties to be

from the said duties ( the necessary charges of raising and ac- consolidated

carried to the

counting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid fund .

into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, dif-

tinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of

the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the

monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt (

as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart froin all other

monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors ,

upon any account whatever ; but nevertheless without entering

the different proportions thereof , in separate accounts as directed by

1094 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803

by any act or acts hereby repealed ; and the said monies so paid

into the said receipt, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

LXXXIII . And whereas by divers of the said acts hereby repealed,

it is provided that the new or additional duties thereby granted, should ,

during the space often years, then next ensuing, be kept in the office

of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, in a book or books,

together with such other duties as were respectively granted for the

purpose of making permanent additions to the publick revenue, and of

defraying any charges occasioned by certain loans made and stocks erect-

ed by authority of parliament, and separate and apart from all other

monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccessors, upon

any account whatever ; and whereas it is expedient that the whole of

the duties contained in eachschedule should be entered in one account ;

Accounts to

be it therefore enacted , That from and after the respective pe-

bekeptof

riods appointed for the commencement of this act, in the re-

the monies arising from

spective parts of Great Britain herein-mentioned , the monies

the duties

arising from the duties contained in the same schedule shall be

contained in

paid into the said receipt in one fum, and the account thereof

each schedule .Thall be there kept in one fum ; and the monies arising from

each separate schedule, marked ( A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, and

K.) shall be paid into the said receipt, separate and distinct from

each other ; and separate accounts shall be there kept of the

same ; provided always that the commissioners of his Majesty's

treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of

them, or the lord high-treasurer for the time being, shall, from

the respective periods appointed for the commencement of this

act, during the remainder of the ten years mentioned in the acts

hereby repealed, in respect of the new or additional duties there-

by respectively granted, and for the period of ten years from the

Accounts of commencement of this act, in respect of the new duties by this

different parts act granted, cause separate and distinct accounts of the different

of the duties parts of the said duties and of the amount thereof , to be pre-

tobe preparedpared at the office for taxes, to be annually laid before parlia-

atthe tax-

office, and

ment, pursuant to the provisions contained in an act passed in the

annually laid before

forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laid annually be-

parliament. fore parliament, and for discontinuing certain otherforms of account

now in use ; provided always that a separate account shall be

Apportion- kept and made out of the said new duties; and that to such ac-

ment of

count there shall be added, in respect of the new duties on win-

duties.

dows or lights granted by this act, by the manner of charging

the fame according to their respective dimensions, such further

fums as shall appear to be the increase occasioned thereby, which

increase shall be always taken to be the excess over and above

the several sums of three hundred and twenty- seven thousand

nine hundred pounds, five hundred and fifteen thousand pounds,

thirty- six thousand pounds, thirty- six thousand pounds , fifty-one

thousand five hundred pounds, and four hundred and forty-one

thousand four hundred and ninety- six pounds, directed by the

several acts hereby repealed, to be entered in separate accounts

in

コ

3

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1095

in the books of the said receipt, and of the further fum of four

hundred and ninety thousand pounds, being the computed an-

nual amount of the rates and duties granted by the said act, paff-

edin the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty,

amounting together to the sum of one million eight hundred

and ninety- seven thousand eight hundred and ninety-six pounds; Certain por-

and that the excess of the said rates and duties above the said tion of du-

fums shall be deemed a permanent increase to the publick revenue ties applica-

of Great Britain, for the purpose of defraying any increased ble to the

charge occasioned by any loan made or stock created by autho- charge of

loan in the

rity of any act of parliament passed in the present seffion ofpresent fef-

parliament.

fion .

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after Repeal of

the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and four, the former duties

several rates and duties contained in any of the acts hereinafter from the

mentioned, in lieu whereof other duties are hereby substituted, 5th April

1804, and of

and also such parts of the several provisions of the said acts which such parts of

relate to the duties made payable by this act, or any of them, thall the acts as

be and are hereby repealed; that is to say, an act passed in the twen- relate to

tieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, those duties .

intituled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon

houses , windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majesty other

rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights, and for raising the

Sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds, by annuities to be

charged on the said rates or duties ; and also another act, passed in

the said twentieth year of his said late majesty King George the

Second, intituled , An act to enforce the execution of an act of this

Session of parliament , for granting to his Majesty several rates and

duties upon bouses, windows, or lights ; and also another act, passed

in the twenty-first year of the reign of his said late majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An actfor explaining, amending, and

further enforcing the execution of an act, passed in the lastfeffion of

parliament, intituled, ' An all for repealing the several rates and

duties upon houses, windows, and lights, and for granting to his

Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights, and

forraising thesum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by

annuities to be charged on the said rates or duties ; and also another

act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present

Majesty , intituled, An alt for the more effectual levying of the du-

ties upon windows or lights in that part of Great Britain called

Scotland ; and also another act , passed in the second year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An attfor granting to his

Majestyfeveral rates and duties upon windows or lights ; and also

another act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the several duties

upon houses, windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majesty

otherduties upon houses, windows, and lights and also an act pasled

in the seventeenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty,

intituled, An act for granting to bis Majesty a duty upon all servants

retained or employed in thefeveral capacities therein mentioned, and

for repealing several rates and duties upon glass imposed by an act , made

1096 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C.161. [1803 .

made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for

granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu

thereof , and for the better collecting the duties upon glass, and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act, made in the

twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all per-

fons and bodies politick and corporate having certain quantities of

silver plate ; and al so another act, passed in the eighteenth year of

the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An actfor granting

to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the

kingdom of Great Britain ; and also another act, passed in the

nineteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled,

An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an

act made in the last fession of parliament, and for granting to his

Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and

for amending the said act ; and also for amending so much of an ad,

made in thefeventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as

imposes a duty upon oll jervants retained or employed in the several

capacities therein mentioned .; and alío another act, passed in the

twenty-first year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled,

An act for the better management and collection of the duties upon

malefervants, granted by an alt made in the seventeenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty ; and also another act , passed in the

twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An alt for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horses

keptfor the purpose of riding, and on borses used in drawing certain

carriages , in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable;

and also of another act, made and passed in the said twenty-

fourth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled,

An actfor repealing thefeveral duties on tea, and for granting to his

Majesty other duties in lieu thereof , and also several duties on in-

habited houses, and upon the importation ofcocoa-nuts and coffee, and

for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon ; and also another

act, passed in the twenty- fifth year year of the reign of his said present

Majesty, intituled, An act to repeal the duties on malefervants, and

for grantingnew duties on male andfemalefervants ; and also another

act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, intituled , An actfor transferring the receipt and manage-

ment of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners ofex-

cife and the commissioners of stamps respectively, to the commissioners for

the affairs of taxes, and alsofor makingfurther provisions in respect to

the said duties so transferred ; also, another act, passed in the

twenty- sixth year of the reign of his said present Majesty intituled, An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act

made in the last session of parliament, intituled , “ An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned , from the commissioners of excise and the commissioners of

Stamps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes,

and also for makingfurther provisions in respect to the said dutiesfo

transferred, and for making certain provisions respecting oaths to be

administered by the commissioners for the duties on houses and win-

dows, or lights, or any other duties put under their management ; and

r

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. C. 161. 1097

and also another act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said

present Majesty, intituled, An alt for granting to bis Majesty

Several additional rates and duties upon borses, and carriages with

four wheels, and for explaining and amending an act, passed in the

twenty- fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain

carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned; and also

another act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his

said present Majesty, intituled, An act to repeal the duties on

certain inhabited houses containing less than seven windows or lights,

granted by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty;

and also another act, passed in the thirty -sixth year of the reign

of his said present Majesty, intituled , An act for granting to his

Majesty, new duties on certain horses not charged with duty by any

other act or acts of parliament, and on mules ; and also another

act , passed in the said thirty- sixth year of the reign of his said

present Majesty, intituled , An alt for granting to his Majesty

Several additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or

drawing certain carriages therein mentioned; and also another act,

passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his said present

Majesty, intituled, An act to exempt dairies and rooms used solely

for making , keeping, and drying cheese and butter from the duties

on windows and lights ; and also another act, passed in the said

thirty-sixth year of his said present Majesty, intituled, An act

for granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs ; and also another

act , passed in the thirty- seventh year of his said present Majesty's

reign, intituled, An alt for granting to his Majesty additional

duties on certainborses before charged with a duty of twoshillings, by an

act of the thirty- sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and on

mules; and also another act, passed in the thirty- feventh year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt for granting to

bis Majesty additional duties on malefervants ; and also another act

passed in the said thirty -seventh year of the reign of his said

present Majesty, intituled, An att for granting to bis Majesty a

furtheradditional duty on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding,

or of drawing certain carriages therein mentioned ; and also ano-

ther act, passed in the thirty- eighth year of the reign of his said

present Majesty, intituled, An att for repealing the duties on houses,

windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches,

and for granting to his Majesty other duties on bouses, windows, and

lights, and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof, and also another

act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his said present

Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the duties upon malefer-

vants, carriages, horses, mules and dogs, and for granting to bis

Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also another act, passed

in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his said present Majesty,

intituled, An act to explain and amend an act of the present session

of parliament, intituled , " An act for repealing the duties upon male

Jervants , carriages, horses, mules, and dogs , and for granting to his

Majesty other duties in lieu thereof ; and also another act, passed

in the said thirty-eighth year of the reign of his said present

Majesty , intituled , An attfor ascertaining the duty payable on taxed

carts ;

م

1098 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803.

carts ; and also another act, passed in the forty-first year of the

reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An attfor granting to

his Majesty certain additional duties on horses in Great Britain, and

for exemptingfrom duty borses kept for the purpose of husbandry by

persons holding farms under a certain value ; and also another act ,

passed in the said forty-first year of the reign of his said present

Majesty, intituled, An act to permit persons in holy orders to

keep one horse onlyfor the purpose of riding without beingJubject to the

duty granted by an act of the thirty -eighth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, under certain limitations ; and also another act,

passed in the said forty-first year of the reign of his said present Majesty , intituled, An act to exempt from the payment of certain duties

such members ofboth houses of parliament, serving for that part of the

united kingdom called Ireland, andfuch other persons herein described ,

as may have only an occasional residence in Great Britain ; and also

another act, passed in the said forty-first year of the reign of his

said present Majesty, intituled, An act for transferring the receipt

and management of certain duties on certificates for wearing hair-

powder, or using armorial bearings, from the commissioners of stamps

to the commissioners for the affairs oftaxes, and alsofor makingfurther

provisions in respect to the said dutiesso transferred ; and also another

act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his said present

Majesty, intituled, An att for repealing the duties on licences to

persons using or exercising the business of an horse-dealer, andgranting

new duties in lieu thereof; and also another act, passed in the

forty-first year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled,

An actfor transferring the receipt and management of the duties on

licences for using or exercising the trade and business ofan horse-dealer,

from the commissioners of stamps to the commissioners for the affairs of

taxes, and also for making further provisions in respect of the said

duties so transferred ; and also another act, passed in the forty-

second year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An

actfor granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on windows

or lights , and on inhabited houses, and for consolidating the fame with

the present duties thereon ; and also another act , passed in the said

forty- second year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled,

An actfor granting to his Majesty certain additional duties onfervants,

carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for consolidating the fame with

the present duties thereon ; and also another act , passed in the said

forty- second year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled,

An actfor enlarging the timefor which horses may be let to hire with-

out being subject to any annual duty, for explaining and amending fe-

veral acts relating to the duties on horses, servants, and carrriages,

and for authorising the allowance in the accounts of the receivers-general, of the several fums advanced by them, in pursuance of the acts

Acts herein

for raising a provisionalforce of cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by

recited , to continue in

assessment ; and that all the acts heretofore repealed by any of the

said acts before mentioned to be repealed, shall be deemed to be,

force with

and construed also to be and continue repealed, according to the

respect to the

recoveryof

respective provisions thereof; save and except in all cases relating

to the recovering, collecting, paying, or accounting for any

arrears

1

2

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1099

arrears of the several duties hereby repealed, which may become arrears , and

payable on or before the said fifth day of April one thousand eight penalties.

hundred and four, and may after that time remain unpaid, and to Also such of

the recovering any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been the provisions

then incurred under and by virtue of the said several acts, or any of the said acts

of them, and the provisions of the said acts relating thereto; fave as relate to

also and except such parts of any of the said acts which relate to

any other

matters or

any matters or things other than the said duties or the methods things than

ofafseffing, levying, and collecting the fame.

thelaidduties.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Commission-

shall be lawful for the commissioners acting in the execution of ers and other

this act for the time being ( being duly sworn and qualified in

officers under

this act to

that behalf ) or any two or more of them, and they are hereby levy arrears

required to cause the duties granted by any former act or acts in of duties due

force at and immediately before the passing of his act, which at under the

any time after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred former acts.

and four, shall not have been charged, or which then shall be in

arrear or unsatisfied, to be charged, raised, affefsed, re-assessed,

levied, and collected, as fully and effectually as if the said act or

acts, and all other acts relating thereto, and herein mentioned to

be repealed, had continued in force ; and the said assessorss, collectors , and receivers, appointed or to be appointed to act in the

execution of this act, shall, after the said fifth day of April one

thousand eight hundred and four affess, re-affess , levy, receive,

and answer the said several duties, and arrears of duties, by the

fame ways and means, and in the same manner, and under the

like penalties, as are directed and appointed by this or the said

recited act, with respect to raising or levying the said duties made

payable by this act, and as fully and effectually as in this act or

the said recited act they are empowered and required with respect

to the several fums by this act made payable; and the monies fo

received by the said collectors for any such arrears, shall be paid

to the respective receivers-general, where such arrears shall hap-

pen, to the end the fame may be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in the said act or acts mentioned .

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action Action to be

commenced

or suit shall be brought against any person or persons for any coithin fix

thing done in pursuance of this act, or any act , for granting months.

duties to be affessed under the regulations of this act, such action

or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after

the fact committed , and not afterwards ; and shall be laid in the

county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not

elsewhere ; and no writ or process shall be sued out for the com- Notice to be

mencement of such action or suit, until one calendar month next given to the

after notice in writing shall have been delivered to or left at the defendant,

usual place of abode of such person or persons, by the attorney or vender

who may

agent for the intended plaintiff or plaintiffs , in which notice shall amends .

be clearly and explicitly contained the cause and causes of action,

the name and place or places of abode of the intended plaintiff

or plaintiffs , and of his and their attorney or agent, and no evi- dence

1100 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III . C. 161. [1803.

dence shall be given on the trial of such action or suit of anycause

or causes of action, than such as is or are contained in such no-

tice; and the intended defendant or defendants to whom such

notice shall have been delivered, may at any time before the

expiration of such calendar month tender amends to the intended

Mayplead theplaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their attorney or agent; and in case

general iftiue, such amends are not accepted, may plead such tender in bar to

andalfo such

tender of

any action or suit to be brought against him or them, grounded

amends, if on such notice, writ, or process ; and the defendant or defendants

not accepted. in every such action or fuir, may plead the general issue, and also

such tender, and any other plea, with leave of the court in bar of

such action or suit ; and may give this act and the special mat-

ter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury

shall find for the defendant in any such action or suit, or if the

plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her , or

their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have

Defendant to appeared ; and if , upon demurrer , judgement shall be given

have treble

against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

costs.

shall have treble costs , and have the like remedy for the same as

any defendant hath in any other case to recover costs by law ;

Expences of

and every such action or suit which shall be brought against any

actions

collector or collectors appointed under this act, shall be defended

broughtby by the commissioners acting for the division or place where such

or against commissioners collector shall have been appointed, and the costs and charges

orcollectors attending the same, as also every other action or suit tobe brought

tobe defrayed by or against commissioners or collectors in pursuance of this

byanaffeff-

ment on the

act, or for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or any act,

parish .

for granting duties to be assessed under the regulations of this

act , shall be defrayed by an assessment made on the parish or

place for which such collector or collectors shall have been ap.

pointed in a just proportion to the amount of the duties payable

under this act, on the respective persons charged to the fame in

the assessment to be made next after the time when the said costs

and charges small have been incurred.

Commence-

mentof the

aît ,

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall

commence and take effect from and after the fifth day of April

one thousand eight hundred and four , as to all matters and

things, except where directions are specially given by this act,

in regard to afsessinents made or to be made by virtue of any act

or acts in force at the time of passing this act at any time after

the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, for

the present year, which provisions shall severally commence and

take effect from the said fifth day of April one thousand eight

hundred and three.

Act maybe LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act or any

altered in the of the provisions thereof , may be altered , varied, or repealed by

presentfeffion. any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

THE

1

J

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGIA III. c. 161 . THE SCHEDULES

Referred to by the Act of the 43d Year of his present

Majesty's Reign.

1101

SCHEDULE ( A. )

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable for every DWELL-

ING-HOUSE within and throughout Great Britain, according

to the Number of WINDOWS or LIGHTS in each .

Dutiestobe

Duties to be

NUMBER of WINDOWS

chargedfor Windows in

charged for Windows in

According to which the Dwelling- House

every Dwell-

every Dwell-

shall be charged.

ing - House in

England .

ing - Housein Scotland.

£. s. d. L. s. d.

Not more than 6 windows or lights (except in such houses which shall be

worth the rent of£.5 by the year,

and shall be charged to the duty

mentioned in schedule (B.), accord-

ing to the rent thereof)- 060040

Not more than 6 windows or lights, if

of the value before mentioned, and

charged to the said duty accord-

ingly- 8 。

0-60

7 Windows or Lights- Ο 186

0 16 6

8 Ditto

Ο ΟΙ Ι

1-8

Ο

-

9 Ditto

1 18

1 16

10

- -

Ditto-

2 10

Ο

2

8

。

11- Ditto

35

33

12 - Ditto

4

0

318

13 -

-

Ditto

- 4 15 Ο 413

14 Ditto-

5 10 058

15 101 Ditto

- 65 Ο 6 3

16 Ditto

700 618

17- Ditto

7 15 713

18- Ditto

8 10 0 88

19- - Ditto

95 0 93

20

-

- Ditto

1000 918

21 - - Ditto- 10 15 010 13

22 Ditto

- 11 10 011 80

23- - Ditto

12 5 Ο12 Ο

308 30

24- Ditto-

13 Ο 012 18 Ο

25-

-

Ditto

- 13 15 013 13 Ο

26- Ditto

14 10 0 14 8

。

1102 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [ 1803 .

Schedule ( A. )-WINDOWS.-continued.

Duties tobe

NUMBER of WINDOWS

Dutiestobe

According to which the Dwelling- House

chargedfor Windows in

chargedfor Windows in

shall be charged.

every Dwell-

every Dwell-

ing - House in

ing - House in

England .

Scotland.

Not more than

£. s. d . L. s. d.

27 Windows or Lights 15 5 015 30

28 Ditto 16 0015 18 0

29- Ditto 16 15 016 13 0

30-

Ditto

17 10 0 1780

31

-

Ditto

18 5 018 30

32-

- Ditto

1900 18 180

33-

Ditto

19 15 019 13 0

34-

Ditto 20 10 0 20 80

35-

Ditto 2105 021 3 0

36-Ditto 22 0021 18 0

38 37

-

38-

- Ditto

Ditto . 22 15 022 13 0

39

-

Ditto 23 10 023 80

40 to 44-Ditto 24 5 024 3 0

25 15 025 13

45-49- Ditto 28 5 028 3

50- 54

-

Ditto 30 15 030 13

55-59- Ditto 33 5 033 30

60-64

-

Ditto 35 9035 7

65-69

Ditto

• 37 9 037 7

70-74

Ditto - 399039 7

75-

-

79 Ditto 419041 7

80-84- Ditto 43 9043 7 0

85-89

-

Ditto 45 9 045 70

90 94

Ditto 47 9047 7 0

-

95-99 Ditto 499049 7

100-109 Ditto 52 9 052 7 0

110-119 Ditto - - 56 9 05670

120-129 Ditto 609 060 7

130-139- Ditto 64 9 064.7

140-149 Ditto 68 9068 7

150-159 Ditto - 72 9 07270O

160-169 Ditto-

- 76 9 076 70

170-179 Ditto 80 9 08070

180 and upwards Ditto- 830082 18

And for every such dwelling-house which

shall contain more than 180 windows

or lights, for every window or light

exceeding the number of 180- 026026

Schedule

t

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1103

Schedule ( A. )-WINDOWS. -continued.

RULES for charging WINDOWS or LIGHTS.

I.-The said several duties to be charged annually in respect

of the windows or lights in every dwelling-house, with the

household and other offices herein enumerated.

II . -All skylights, and all windows or lights however constructed, in staircases , garrets, cellars , passages , and all other

parts of dwelling-houses, to what use or purpose soever applied,

and whether such windows or lights shall be in the exterior or

interior parts of such dwelling-houses to be charged to the said

duties.

III . -Every window or light in any kitchen, cellar, scullery,

buttery, pantry, larder, washhouse, laundry, bakehouse, brew-

house, and lodging- room, belonging to or occupied with any

dwelling-house, whether the same shall be within or contiguous

to or disjoined from the body of such dwelling-house, shall be

charged to the said duties.

IV. The said duties to be charged yearly upon the occupier

or occupiers of the houses, cottages , or tenements, in respect

whereof the said duties shall be charged, and to be in force for

one whole year, from the fifth day of Aprilin the year in which

the same shall be charged, to be levied on such occupier or oc-

cupiers, or on his, her, or their respective executors, or admini-

nistrators, except as hereinafter provided.

V. -Where any change in the occupation of any house, cot-

tage, or tenement , shall take place after the afssessment shall be

made, then and in such cafe the duties hereby directed to be

charged on the occupier or occupiers of houses, cottages, or

tenements, for one year, shall be levied upon and paid by the

occupier or occupiers, landlord or landlords, owner or owners,

for the time being, or on both or all of them, according to their

times of possession thereof , without any new afsessment, not-

withstanding such change in the occupation of such house, cot-

tage , or tenement for the year that such house shall have been

assessed: provided, that where a tenant of any house, cottage, or

tenement shall quit the fame, on the determination of the lease

or demise thereof , after an affessment shall be made, and shall

have given notice thereof to the assessors for the place, the duty

thereon shall be discharged by the commissioners for executing

this act for the remainder of that year, in case it shall appear to

the said commissioners at the end of such year, that such house,

cottage, or tenement , shall have continued wholly unoccupied for

and during the remainder of such year.

VI. -Where any dwelling-house is or shall be let in different

apartments, tenements , lodgings, or landings, and shall be inha-

bited by two or more persons or families, the same shall never-

theless be charged as if such house was inhabited by one person

or family only ; and the landlord or owner, landlords

or

owners of such house, apartments, or tenements, are or shall be

deemed

1104 Anno regni quadragesimo tertioGEORGII III. с.161. [1803.

Schedule (A. )-WINDOWS. -continued.

deemed and taken to be the occupier or occupiers of such house,

and shall be charged with the said duties: provided that where

the landlord shall not reside within the limits of the collector, or

the fame shall remain unpaid by such landlord for the space of

twenty days after the fame is due, the duties so charged may be

levied on the occupier or occupiers respectively, and such payment shall be deducted and allowed out of the next payment on

account of rent.

VII.- Every house, whereof the keeping is or shall be committed or left to the care or charge of any person or servant,

shall be subject to the like duties as if it were inhabited by the

owner, or by a tenant ; and if such person or servant thall not

pay rates to the church and poor, the said duties thall be paid

by the respective owners or tenants of the said house.

VIII. Every distinct chamber or apartment in any of the

inns of court , or of chancery, or in any college or hall , in either

of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge , or any publick hof-

pital, being severally in the tenure or occupation of any person

or persons, shall be subject to the fame duties as if the fame was

an entire house , which duties shall be paid by the occupiers

thereof respectively; provided that every such chamber or apart-

ment , which shall not contain more than seven windows or

lights, shall be charged at the rate of three shillings for every

such window or light.

IX. -All dwelling-rooms in any hall or office whatever, be-

longing to any person or persons, or to any bodies politick or

corporate , or to any company that are or may be lawfully

charged with the payment of any other taxes or parish-rates,

shall be subject to the duties hereby made payable, and shall be

respectively charged as dwelling -houses, and the person or per-

fons, bodies politick or corporate, or company, to whom the

same shall belong , shall be charged as the occupier or occupiers

thereof .

X. -When a partition or division between two or more

windows or lights, fixed in one frame, is or shall be of the

breadth or space of twelve inches, the window or light on each

fide of such partition or division shall be charged as a distinct

window or light .

XI. Every window extending so far as to give light into

more rooms, landings, or stories than one, shall be reckoned

and charged as fo many separate windows as there are rooms,

landings, or stories enlightened thereby .

XII. Every window or light , including the frame, partitions,

and divisions thereof , which by due admeasurement of the whole

space on the aperture of the wall of the house or building, on

the outside of such window or light, shall exceed in height

12 feet, or in breadth 4 feet 9 inches, not being less than 3 feet

6inches in height, shall be reckoned and charged as two windows

or lights, except such windows or lights as shall have been made

of

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 161. 1105

Schedule (A. ) -WINDOWS. -continued.

ofgreater dimensions at any time prior to the fifth day of April

1785, except also the windows or lights in such parts of dwell-

ing - houses as are used for shops, workshops, and warehouses,

and except the windows or lights in the publick room of any

house licensed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail , which

shall be used for the entertainment of guests ; and the windows

or lights in farm-houses especially exempted from the duties in

the following schedule, marked (B.) or in any dwelling-house

not chargeable to the duties mentioned in the said schedule.

XIII. -Where any dwelling- house shall be divided into different tenements, being distinct properties, every such tenement

shall be subject to the same duties as if the fame were an entire

house, which duties shall be paid by the occupiers thereof respectively; provided that every such tenement in England, Wales, or

Berwick - upon-Tweed , which shall not contain more than seven

windows or lights, shall be charged at the rate of three shillings

for every such window or light, and every such tenement in

Scotland , which shall not contain more than seven windows or

lights, shall be charged at the rate of two shillings and sixpence

for every such window or light.

EXEMPTIONS from the said DUTIES .

Cafe I. -Any house belonging to his Majesty, or any of the

Royal Family, and every publick office, for which the duties here-

tofore payable have been paid by his Majesty, or out of the publick revenue.

Cafe II -Any hospital, charity - school, or house provided for

the reception and relief of poor persons, except such apartments

therein as are or may be occupied by the officers or servants

thereof , which shall severally be assessed, and be subject to the

said duties as entire dwelling- houses .

Cafe III. -The windows in any room of a dwelling- house

licensed according to law as a chapel for the purposes of divine

worship, and used for no other purpose whatsoever.

Provided, that every such hospital, charity-school, house for

the reception and relief of poor persons, or room licensed as a

chapel as aforesaid, shall be brought into charge by the assessors

or assessorss, or in their default , by the surveyor or inspector, and

thall be stated on the certificate of afsesiments as such ; and on

due proof of the fact before the commissioners by the assessorss ,

it shall be lawful for the commissioners for executing the said

act to discharge such hospital, charity- school, house for the re-

ception and relief of poor persons, and room licensed as a chapel,

from the said duties, or such part thereof as is hereby intended

to be exempted in like manner as they are authorised to dif-

charge the affeffiment on poor persons by this act, but not other-

wife .

VOL. XLIV. 4 B Cafe

1106 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803.

Schedule ( A. )-WINDOWS. -continued.

Cafe IV. The windows or lights, in any dairy or cheese-

room belonging to and occupied with any dwelling-house,

chargeable with the said duties, although the same shall be part

thereof which shall be used by such occupier or occupiers for

the purpose of keeping butter or cheese, being their own pro-

duce, for sale or private use: provided that the windows or

lights, in such dairies or cheese- rooms, shall be made with

splines or wooden laths , or iron bars, or wires, and wholly

without glass , and that the occupiers of the dwelling-houses to

which such dairies and cheese-rooms belong, shall paint or cause

to be painted on the outer door thereof , or on the outside of the

windows thereof , or one of them, in large Roman letters, the

words, " Dairy or Cheese-Room, " as the cafe may require, and

shall keep, and from time to time restore such words so painted

distinctly legible, during all such time as such exemption shall

be claimed ; and provided, that such dairies or cheese- rooms

shall not be at any time or times used to dwell or to sleep in by

any person or persons, but shall be wholly kept and used for the

several purposes hereinbefore mentioned : and provided also, that

an affeffinent of all such windows or lights shall be duly made,

and the fact be truly returned in the manner directed by this

act in other cafes of exemption from the said duties, so that the

number of windows so to be exempted may be ascertained, and

the exemption be allowed by the commissioners for executing

this act.

SCHEDULE (B. )

1

A SCHEDULE of the DUTIES made payable on all INHA-

BITED DWELLING- HOUSES throughout Great Britain,

according to the Value thereof.

In the Pound.

For every such inhabited house which, with the house-

hold and other offices, yards, and gardens there-

with occupied and charged, are or shall be worth

the rent hereinafter mentioned by the year , there

shall be charged the yearly fums following ; vide-

licet,

£. 5 and under £.20 rent, by the year

- -

£.20 and under £.40 rent, by the year

£.40 rent by the year, and upwards

-

1. s. d.

I 4

0 2 Ο

02 6

RULES for charging the said lafst- mentioned Duties .

I. The said last- mentioned duties to be charged annually on

the occupier or occupiers for the time being of every such

dwelling-house, being of the annual rent of £.5 or upwards , at

the respective rates before-mentioned, and to be levied on him,

her, or them, or on his, her, or their respective executors or

admi-

1

い

3

3

3

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1107

Schedule ( B. ) -INHABITED HOUSES . -continued.

administrators , and in like manner in case of a change in the

occupation thereof as is before directed in respect of the duties

on windows or lights, and in addition to the duties contained

in schedule ( A) .

II. -Every coachhouse, stable, brewhouse, washhouse, laundry,

woodhouse, bakehouse, dairy, and all other offices, and all yards ,

courts, and curtilages, and gardens and pleasure-grounds, be-

longing to and occupied with any dwelling-house, shall, in

charging the said duties, be valued together with such dwelling-

house; provided no more than one acre of such gardens and

pleasure-grounds shall in any case be so valued.

III . -All Mops and warehouses which are attached to the

dwelling- house, or have any communication therewith, shall in

charging the said duties be valued together with the dwelling-

house, and the household and other offices aforesaid thereunto

belonging ( except such warehouses and buildings upon or near

adjoining to wharfs which are occupied by persons who carry on

the business of wharfingers, and who have dwelling-houses upon

the said wharfs for the residence of themselves or servants employed upon the said wharfs).

And also except such warehouses as are distinct and separate

buildings, and not parts or parcels of such dwelling- houses, or

the shops attached thereto, but employed solely for the purpose

of lodging goods , wares, and merchandize , or for carrying on

some manufacture (notwithstanding the same may adjoin to or

have communication with the dwelling-house or shop) .

IV. -Every chamber or apartment in any of the inns of

court, or of chancery, or in any college or hall in any of the

universities of Great Britain, being severally in the tenure or

1occupation of any person or persons, shall be charged thereto as

an entire house, and on the respective occupiers thereof.

V. -Every hall or office whatever belonging to any person or

persons, or to any body or bodies politick or corporate, or to

any company that are or may be lawfully charged with the payment of any other taxes or parish-rates, shall be subject to the

duties hereby made payable as inhabited houses ; and the person

or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or company, to whom

the same shall belong, shall be charged as the occupier or occu-

piers thereof.

VI. -Where any house shall be let in different stories, tene-

ments , lodgings, or landings , and shall be inhabited by two or

more persons or families, the same shall nevertheless be subject

to and shall in like manner be charged to the said duties as if

such house or tenement was inhabited by one person or family

only, and the landlord or owner shall be deemed the occupier of

such dwelling - house, and shall be charged to the said duties :

provided that where the landlord shall not reside within the

limits of the collector, or the same shall remain unpaid by such

landlord for the space of twenty days after the fame is due, the duties

4B2

1108 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803 .

Schedule (B. )-INHABITED HOUSES.-continued.

duties so charged may be levied on the occupier or occupiers

respectively; and such payments shall be deducted and allowed

out of the next payment on account of rent.

VII. No dwelling- house, or other such premises as aforesaid,

shall be estimated or rated at any less annual value than the

rent or value at which the same premises stand charged in the

last rate made on or before the time of making the assessment for

the relief of the poor in the same parish or place.

VIII. In cafe the said poor-rate shall have been made

throughout by a pound rate on the full annual value ofall the

dwelling- houses in the same parish or place, then such assessment

shall be made according to the said rate; and the assessorss appointed or to be appointed for the said duties shall, in making

their aflessinents on different dwelling- houses in the same parish

or place, in all such cafes as aforesaid, observe the same rule of

proportion between the aflessment of the duties granted by this

act thereon, as shall have been observed in making such poor-

rate as to all the premises aforesaid rated in such poor-rate.

IX. In cafe the said poor -rate shall have been made on any

proportionate part of such value, then such assessorss shall afssess

the fame at the same sums respectively as they would have been

affessed at by virtue of this act , if the same had been respectively

estimated in such poor- rate at the full value thereof respectively.

X. -In cafe the poor-rate in any parish or place shall not be

made on the full annual value of the different dwelling-houses

charged, nor according to any proportionate part of such annual

value, but nevertheless the said dwelling- houses shall be rated in

a due proportion to each other, it shall be lawful for the assessorss ,

by all lawful ways and means authorised by this act, to enquire

into, and to the best of their information and judgement to af-

certain the actual rent of the several houses and other the pre-

mises aforesaid, in different occupations within their limits,

which small have been let within the period of three years pre-

ceding the time for making the assessment, or so many of them

as they shall be able to ascertain the rent of , and shall make an

assessment on the actual rent on such of the said houses and pre-

mises therewith occupied which shall appear to them to have

been so let at the just and full value thereof , and shall afterwards

proceed to affess the several other houses with the premises aforesaid occupied therewith in fums respectively , bearing the same

proportion as far as the fame can be computed, to the amount

of such first assessment as the fums charged on the said poor-

rate on such other premises respectively bear to the fum charged

in the said poor -rate on the said house and premises so first

assessed: provided always, that the aforesaid rule shall extend

only to such houses and premises chargeable under this act as

shall be rated in such poor-rate distinctly and unmixed with

other property not chargeable to the duties hereby granted.

XI. In cafe any house, with the premises aforesaid therewith occupied,

f

5

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1109

Schedule ( B. ) -INHABITED HOUSES. -continued.

occupied, shall not be rated in such poor-rate, or shall be rated

therein together with other property not chargeable to the duties

hereby granted, or there shall be no poor-rate in the parish or

place where such house is situate, and in every case where the

rules before mentioned are not applicable, the said afsessors thail

make their afsessments from the best information they can

obtain of the annual value thereof , which in all cases shall be

the actual amount of the rent at which the said houses and pre-

mises aforesaid respectively are let , or if not let, the rent which

they respectively are worth to be let by the year.

XII. In cafe any house, with the premises aforesaid, shall ,

on occasion of the assessors or assessorss having pursued the pro-

portions observed in the poor-rate on which such affefsment was

made, have been afsessed at a sum exceeding the just rate on the

annual value thereof , it shall be lawful for the commissioners to

abate and deduct from such affefsment so much as in their judge-

ment will reduce the same to a just rate on such annual value,

but in no case to a less annual value than the same stands rated

at in the poor-rate.

XIII. In cafe any house, with the premises aforesaid, shall,

on occasion of the assessor or assessorss having pursued the pro-

portions observed in such poor- rate, have been assesled at a fum

less than the actual rent at which the same shall be let, or if

not let , at less than the rent at which the same might be ler , it

shall be lawful for the commissioners to enlarge and increase such

affefsment to such sum as a like rent would amount unto.

XIV. Where any dwelling-house shall be divided into different tenements being distinct properties, every such tenement

shall be subject to the fame duties as if the fame was an entire

house, which duty shall be paid by the occupiers thereof respectively .

EXEMPTIONS .

Cafe I. -Any house belonging to his Majesty, or any of the

Royal Family, and every publick office for which the duties

heretofore payable have been paid by his Majesty, or out of the

publick revenue.

Cafe II . -Everydwelling-house, being a farm -house, occupied

byatenant, and bonâfide used for the purposes ofhusbandry only.

Cafe III . Every dwelling-house, being a farm-house, occu-

piedby the owner thereof , and bonâfide used for the purposes of

husbandry only, which, together with the household and other

offices aforesaid, shall be valued under this act at ten pounds per

annum, or any less sum.

Cafe IV. Any hospital, charity-school, or house provided for

the reception or relief of poor persons .

Cafe V. Every house whereof the keeping is or shall be

committed or left to the care or charge of any person or servant,

who

IIIO Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGIIIII. c. 161. [ 1803,

Schedule (B. ) -INHABITED HOUSES. -continued .

who doth not pay rates to the church and poor, and who resides

therein for the purpose only of taking care thereof : provided

that an assessment shall be duly made in every such case, and the

fact be truly returned in the manner directed by this act in other

cases of exemption from the said duties, and the exemption be

allowed by the commissioners for executing this act.

1

SCHEDULE ( C.)

No. 1 .

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable Annually for every

MALE SERVANT retained or employed by any person or

persons in the several Capacities mentioned herein.

NUMBER of SERVANTS.

Amount of

DUTY for

each Servant.

For I such Servant

2

-

Ditto

3

-

Ditto

4

-

Ditto

-

5

Ditto

-

6

7

Ditto Ditto

-

-

8

Ditto

-

9

Ditto-

10 Ditto

-

-

-

II

Ditto and upwards

£. s. d.

200

210

300

310 0

400

440

4

46

4 12 0

500

5 10 0

66

For every such servant retained or employed by

any male persons, never having been married ,

over and above the before-mentioned duties, the

further fum of -

ΙΙΟ Ο

RULES for charging the said last-mentioned Duties.

I. -The said last-mentioned duties to be paid by the master

or mistress of such servants respectively, and to extend to and be

payable for every male servant retained or employed in any of

the following capacities ; that is to say, maitre d'hotel, house-

steward, master of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de

chambre, butler, under-butler, clerk of the kitchen, confectioner,

cook, house-porter, footman, running- footman , coachman,

groom, postillion, stable-boy or helper in the stables of the master

or mistress, gardener, park-keeper, gamekeeper, huntsman,

whipper-in, or by whatever name or names male servants really

acting

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1111

Schedule ( C. )-MALE SERVANTS. continued.

acting in any of the said capacities shall be called, or whether

such male servants shall have been retained or employed in one

or more of the said capacities, or in any other business jointly

with one ormore of the said capacities, and to every such servant

let to hire with any carriage or horses for one year, or any longer

period .

II. The said duties shall extend to all servants of the capa-

cities before- mentioned employed in taverns, coffee-houses, inns,

ale-houses , or any other houses licensed to fell wine, ale, or other

liquors by retail, and in eating or victualling - houses, and in

hotels or lodging-houses, being eating and victualling-houses of

whatever description, although not licensed, except hostlers and

helpers in stables, and drivers employed to drive carriages let

out to hire, in such manner that the framp -office duty payable

by law on horses let to hire shall have been duly paid and

satisfied, and except waiters .

III . The said last - mentioned duties ongardeners shall extend

to every gardener who shall have contracted for the keeping of

any garden or gardens, and to every person who shall have been

hired to work in any garden wherein the constant labour of one

person shall be necessary, or where one person shall have been

constantly employed, to be paid by the person or persons for

whose use, and in whose garden such gardener or persons shall

have been employed, except as hereinafter mentioned.

IV. The said last-mentioned duties shall extend to all ap-

prentices retained or employed in any of the capacities aforesaid,

save and except such apprentices as shall have been imposed upon

any master or mistress under and by virtue of the powers given

to magistrates and parish-officers by any act or acts of parliament, so as the number of such apprentices for whom this ex-

emption shall be claimed by the same person shall not exceed

two, such apprentices not wearing livery, nor being employed as

livery- servants .

V. The said last- mentioned duties on gamekeepers shall

extend to every person retained or employed to kill or preserve

game for the use of any other person or persons, whether law-

fully appointed to kill or preserve game or not, to be paid by

the person or persons retaining, employing, or appointing such

persons respectively ; except gamekeepers, being the servants of

other qualified persons duly returned by and charged to the said

duties as servants of such other persons .

VI. -The said last-mentioned duties shall extend to every

person who shall be employed in the capacity of a coachman ,

postillion, groom, or helper in the stables, although such per-

fon shall have been retained for the purposes of husbandry, or

anymanufacture or trade, where the master or mistress of such

person shall be chargeable with duty for any carriage ( other than

a taxed cart) or for two or more horses chargeable with the duty

on

1112 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [ 1803.

Schedule (C. )-MALE SERVANTS. -continued.

onhorses kept for the purpose of riding or drawing carriages, as

herein mentioned.

VII. The said last-mentioned duties shall extend to every

person who shall be employed as a groom, stable-boy, or helper

in the stables of the master or mistress, to take care of any horse,

mare, or gelding, the property of such master or mistress, kept

for the purpose of racing or running for any plate, prize, sum

of money, or other thing, or in training for any of the said

purposes.

Schedule ( C. ) No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable Annually for MALE

SERVANTS retained or employed in the several Capacities

herein mentioned .

£ . s. d.

For every gardener, or person employed to work in

any garden, under any person chargeable to the du-

ties mentioned in schedule (C. ) , No. 1 .; and for

every gardener employed in any garden wherein the

constant labour of one person shall not be necessary,

the fum of- -

-050

To be paid by each person in whose garden such person shall be employed.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties as set forth in Schedule (C. )

No. 1. and 2.

Any person employed by the day or week to work as a day

labourer, at the usual rate of wages for day-labourers in agricul-

ture, in any garden belonging to a dwelling-house, being a farm

house, and exempted as such from the duties mentioned in

schedule ( B. ) , or in any garden belonging to a dwelling-house

not chargeable to the duties mentioned in the said schedule, such

garden not requiring the constant labour of one such labourer,

SCHEDULE

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1113

Schedule (C.) No. 3 .

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable Annually for every

MALE PERSON or SERVANT retained or employed in

the several Capacities herein mentioned.

For every male person employed by any merchant

or trader as a traveller or rider, the duties follow-

ing; viz.

£. s. d.

Where one such traveller or rider and no more shall

be so employed, the sum of

22

And where more than one such traveller or rider shall

be so employed, for each the sum of

- -

330

For every male person employed by any person in

trade, or exercising any profeffion whatever, as a

clerk or book- keeper, or office - keeper, except ap-

prentices where no premium, or a premium less in

value than the sum of 20 / . has been paid or contracted for with such apprentice, the duties follow-

ing: viz.

Where one such clerk, book-keeper, or office-keeper,

and no more, shall be so employed, the sum of

-

I IO

And where more than one such clerk, book- keeper,

or office-keeper shall be so employed, for each the

fum of

220

For every male person employed by any person in

trade as a shopman, warehouseman, or porter , (except apprentices as aforesaid) for the purpose of

exposing to sale or selling goods, wares, or merchandize in such shop or warehouse, whether by

wholesale or retail , the sum of- - -

II 9

For every male servant employed as a waiter ( except

occasional waiters over and above the ordinary

number usually kept ) in any taverns, coffee- houses,

inns, ale-houses, or other licensed houses, or in

eating or victualling-houses, or in hotels or lodging-

houses, being eating or victualling -houses, the sum

of- -

200

For every male servant retained by any stable- keeper

to take care of any horse, mare, or gelding of any

otherperson or persons kept for the purpose of racing

or running for any plate, prize, sum of money, or

other thing, or any horse, mare, or gelding in train-

ing for any of the said purposes, whereby such stable-

keeper shall gain a livelihood or profit, the sum of - I 10

For every male servant bonâfide retained for the purposes of husbandry, manufacture, or trade by which

the master or mistress shall gain a livelihood or pro- fit ,

1114 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803 .

Schedule (C. )-MALE SERVANTS. -continued.

fit, and at any time employed in any domestic em- £. s. d .

ployment in any of the capacities in schedule (C. ) ,

No. 1. and not chargeable to the duties in the said

schedule, the fum of -050

For every male servant bonâ fide retained for the purposes of husbandry, or any manufacture or trade by

which the master or mistress shall gain a livelihood

or profit, and at any time employed in the capacity

of a groom, stable- boy, or helper in the stables ,

where the master or mistress shall be chargeable for

one horse, and no more, to the duty on horses kept

for the purposes of riding, or drawing a taxed cart,

or to the duty on such taxed cart, and not on any

other carriage chargeable with duty by this act, the

fumof-

-050

The said duties to be paid by the employer, or master

or mistress of such persons or servants .

Schedule ( C. ) No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS

let to Hire.

£. s. d.

For every coachman, groom, postillion, or helper,

kept for the purpose of being let to hire for any

period of time less than one year, and in such man-

ner that the stamp-office duty payable by law on

horses let to hire shall not be payable on every such

letting by any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, duly licensed to let post- horses by the commif-

fioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum,

parchment, and paper, or by any coachmaker or

maker of such carriages, or other person, the annual

fum of- -

-200

The said duty to be paid by the person or persons letting the

same to hire ; provided, that if the person or persons hiring

the same shall not make a return thereof according to the directions of this act, then and in every such case the progressive duty

made payable by schedule ( C. ), No. 1. shall be chargeable in

respect of every such servant on the person or persons hiring such

servant, and making such default as aforesaid, according to the

number of servants retained by him, her, or them, in the manner

directed by the act ; and the said duty, and no more, shall be

charged on servants let to hire as aforesaid by any afsessment of the

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1115

Schedule ( C. )-MALE SERVANTS. -continued.

the duties on servants payable at the time of passing this act,

which shall have been or shall be made at any time after the

fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, on the

person or persons so letting the fame for the present year; and

every assessment made at any higher rate on such person or persons, shall, on appeal by him, her, or them, be rectified by the

commissioners acting in the execution of the act or acts granting

such duties ; any thing therein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

EXEMPTIONS from the last-mentioned Duties, as set forth

in Schedules ( C.) , No. 1 , 2, 3 , and 4.

I. The said duties not to be payable by any person who shall

have retained or employed bonâfide any male servant solely for

the purposes of husbandry or manufacture, or of any trade or

calling bywhich the master or mistress of such servant shall earn

a livelihood or profit, and who hath not at any time or occasion ,

or in any manner, or for any purpose, been employed in any of

the capacities enumerated in schedules (C. ), No. 1 , and 2. nor

in any of the capacities enumerated in schedules (C.), No. 3,

and 4, whereon any duty is specifically made payable.

The said duties not to be payable by any college or hall within

either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the several

colleges of Westminster, Eton, or Winchester, for any butler,

manciple, cook, gardener, or porter ; nor by any of the Royal

Family, for any servant acting in any of the capacities aforesaid.

The said duties not to be payable by any of the royal hospitals

of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas in

the city of London and borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the

Foundling Hospital .

The said duties not to be payable by any officer serving in

any regiment of horse or dragoons under the rank, or not receiving the pay of a field- officer ; nor by any officer serving in

any regiment of artillery, infantry, royal marines, royal garrison

battalions or corps of engineers, for any servant being actually

a soldier in the regiment, troop, or company, to which such

officer shall belong ; nor by any officer in his Majesty's navy,

under the rank of a master and commander, in actual employ,

for any servant borne upon the books of the ship to which such

officer shall belong.

Nor by any officer on half -pay from his Majesty's navy, army,

or marines, who shall have been disabled by loss of a limb or

wound received in his Majesty's service, retaining or employing

one male servant only.

SCHEDULE

1116 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [1803.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 1 .

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on all CARRIAGES of

any of the Descriptions mentioned herein.

NUMBER of CARRIAGES.

Amount of

DUTY for

each Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Wheels :

For I such Carriage the annual fum of

2- Ditto

3

- Ditto

4 Ditto

5-

Ditto

6 Ditto

7- Ditto

8- DittoP

9 Ditto and upwards

And for every additional body successively used on

the fame carriage or number of wheels, the fur-

ther sum of

£. s. d .

1000

12

ㅇㅇ

12 10 Ο

13 Ο 0

13 10

14 Ο 0

14 10 0

15

00

500

Schedule (D.) No. 2 .

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels :

For every such carriage (except taxed carts, constructed, kept, and used, under the regulations of

this act) drawn by one horse, mare, or gelding, and

no more

And for every such carriage, drawn by two or more

horses, mares, or geldings

And for every additional body, of the description here-

inafter mentioned, successively used on the fame carriage or number of wheels, the further fum of

£. s. d.

55 0

770

2100

banoitnem niomedi es dRULES

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . C. 161. 1117

Schedule ( D. ) -CARRIAGES. -continued.

RULES for charging the said Duties in the Two foregoing

Schedules .

I. The said duties to be respectively charged for every

coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash , chaise-marine, chaise,

sociable, or caravan with four wheels ; and for every calash,

chaise-marine, chaise, curricle, chair, or car, with less than

four wheels, or any number thereof respectively ; and for every

other carriage with four wheels, or with less than four wheels,

respectively used or to be used for the like purposes, by whatever

name or names the same shall be called or known, kept by any

person or persons for his, her, or their own use, or hired by the

year, or any longer period ; and upon all such carriages kept to

be let out to hire, or to carry passengers for hire (except such

carriages for which other duties are hereinafter made payable)

and which duties shall be respectively paid by the person or persons keeping such carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the

body, or if more than one, upon the bodies of such carriages

respectively, according to the number thereof successively used

on the fame carriage or number ofwheels in the manner before

directed, and not in respect of the wheels thereof , or any other

parts of such carriages to which the wheels shall be attached.

T

Schedule (D.) No. 3 .

For carriages hired for any period oftime less than one f. s. d.

year, or kept to be let out to hire, or to carry paf-

fengers:

For every such carriage kept for the purpose of being

let to hire, with horses to be used therewith, for any

period of time not exceeding twenty-eight days, fo

that the stamp-office duty, payable by law on horses

let to hire, shall be duly paid and satisfied on every

such letting by any postmaster, innkeeper, or other

person duly licensed to let post horses by the commif-

fioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum ,

parchment, and paper, and whereon the name or

names, and place of abode of the person or persons

fo licensed shall be marked or painted, according to

the directions of the act in that cafe made and provided; if such carriage shall have four wheels, the

fumof- -

880

And if such carriage shall have less than four wheels ,

the respective sums mentioned in schedule (D. )

No. 2, according to the number of horses used

therewith, as therein mentioned.

And

1118 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [ 1803.

Schedule ( D. )-CARRIAGES . -continued.

And for every coach, diligence, caravan , or chaise, £. s. d.

with four wheels or more, or other carriage with

four wheels or more, by whatever name the same

shall be called or known, which shall be kept and

employed as a publick stage coach or carriage for the

purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from

different places, and which shall be duly entered as

such with the said commissioners of stamp- duties,

the like fum of

880

All which last - mentionedduties shall respectively

be paid by the person or persons keeping the same,

for the purposes aforesaid.

For every carriage kept for the purpose of being let

to hire for any period of time less than one year,

and in such manner that the said stamp-office duty

shall not by law be payable on such letting by any

person so licensed as aforesaid, or by any coach-

maker or makers of such carriages, or other person ,

ifsuch carriage shall have four wheels, the annual

fum of

1000

The said last-mentioned duty to be paid by the person or per-

fons keeping the same for the purposes aforesaid.

Provided, if a due return thereof shall not be made by the

hirer or hirers according to this act, the progressive duty, as set

forth in schedule (D.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of

every such carriage on the person or persons hiring the fame, and

making such default as aforesaid, subject to the provisions contained in this act concerning the same.

And if such carriage shall have less than four wheels, the respective sums mentioned in schedule (D. ) No. 2, according to

the number of horses to be used therewith, to be paid by the

person or persons keeping the same for the purpose aforesaid,

subject to the provisions hereinafter contained concerning the

fame.

And the said respective duties, and no more, shall be charged

on carriages let to hire as aforesaid, by any afsessinent of the

duties on carriages payable at the time of passing this act, which

shall have been or shall be made at any time after the fifth day

of April one thousand eight hundred and three, for the present

year , on the person or persons so letting the fame ; and every

affeffiment made at any higher rate on such person or persons

shall, on appeal by him, her, or them, be rectified by the commissioners acting in the execution of the act or acts granting

such duties ; any thing therein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

For

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1119

Schedule ( D) . No. 4.

For Taxed Carts :

For every carriage with less than four wheels, to be

drawn by one horse, mare, or gelding, and no more,

which shall be built and constructed wholly of wood

and iron, without any covering other than a tilted

covering, and without any lining or springs, whe-

ther the fame be made of iron, wood, leather, or

other materials, and with a fixed seat, without flings

or braces, and without any ornament whatever, other

than paint of a dark colour for the preservation of

the wood or iron only, and which shall have the

words " A Taxed Cart," and the owner's christian

and furname, and place of abode, marked or painted

on a black ground in white letters , or on a white

ground in black letters, on the outside of the back

pannel or back part of such carriage, in words at

full length, each of the letters thereof being at least

one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion ,

and the price of which (repairs excepted) shall not

have exceeded, or the value thereof thall not at any

time exceed the sum of£.12 sterling, which shall be

kept by any person or persons for his, her, or their

ownuse, and not for hire, the annual fum of £.14 0

Save and except always all carriages built and constructed as

aforesaid, belonging to any person or persons who are or shall be

liable to be assesled to the before-mentioned duties in respect of

a four-wheeled carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be

affessed to the before- mentioned duties on male servants in respect

of two such male servants, which persons respectively shall be

charged for such carriages, although built and constructed as

aforesaid, at the rate prescribed in schedule (D. ) No. 2. for car-

riages with less than four wheels.

EXEMPTIONS from the several DUTIES in Schedules ( D.),

No. 1 , 2, 3 and 4.

Cafe I. -Any carriages belonging to his Majesty, or any of

the Royal Family.

Cafe II . -Any coach or coaches, licensed by the commissioners

for hackney coaches within the cities of London and Westminster,

and the suburbs thereof , to be used as hackney coaches there,

and numbered according to law.

Cafe III. Any carriage kept by any coachmaker or maker of

carriages, at any time after the fifth day of April one thousand

eight hundred and three, bonâ fide for the purpose of sale, or of being

1120 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [ 1803.

Schedule (D. ) -CARRIAGES. -continued.

being lent to any person whose carriage being of the same deno-

mination or description, shall be then making , mending, or

repairing, by such coachmaker or maker of carriages, and during

the time the fame shall be necessarily under repair ; provided such

carriage shall not, at any time, whilst in the possession of such

coachmaker or maker of carriages, be employed for his or her

own use , or let to hire, or otherwise lent than as aforesaid ; and

every assesiment made on such person, contrary to this provision,

1

for the present year, shall, on proof thereof before the commif-

fioners, be discharged.

Cafe IV. Any eart which shall be kept truly and without

fraud to be used wholly in the affairs of husbandry, or in the

carriage of goods in the course of trade, and whereon the name

and place of residence of the owner, and the words " Common

Stage Cart" shall be legibly painted, although the owner, or his

or her servant or servants, shall or may occasionally ride therein

or thereon when laden, or when returning from any place to

which, or when going to any place from which any load shall

have been or shall be to be carried in such carriage in the course

of husbandry or trade, or for conveying the owners thereof or

their families to or from any place of divine worship on Sunday,

or on Christmas Day, or on Good Friday, or on any day appointed

for a publick fast or thanksgiving, or for carrying persons going

to or returning from the elections of members to serve in parliament, in case such carriage thall not have been or be used for

any other purpose of riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid,

or shall not have heen or be let to hire for any of such purposes

ofriding therein or thereon .

Schedule (D. ) No. 5.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coachmakers and

Makers of other Carriages, chargeable with Duty by this Act,

and on Carriages made or fold as herein-mentioned.

£. s. d.

By every person who shall carry on the trade of a

coachmaker or maker of any carriages chargeable

with duty by this act, in that part of Great Britain

aforesaid, the annual duty of

- 50

By every such coachmaker or maker of such carriages

as aforesaid, for every such carriage with four wheels

which he or she shall make, build, or construct for

sale , the fum of

- I

And for every such carriage with two wheels, which

he or she shall make, build, or construct for sale, the

fum of-

ΟΙ Ο -

0

Schedule

F

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1121

Schedule (D. ) No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons selling any

CARRIAGES, chargeable with Dutyby this Act, by Auction

or on Commission.

£. s. d.

By every person who shall fell any carriage chargeable

with dutyby this act, byway of auction or on commitsion, for or in expectation of profit or reward, in

that part of Great Britain aforesaid, the annual dutyof o

50

By every such person for every such carriage with four

wheels which he or she shall sell by auction or on

**commission, for or in expectation of profit or reward

as aforesaid, the sum of-

And for every such carriage with two wheels, which

he or she shall fell by auction or on commission, for

or in expectation of profit or reward as aforesaid,

the sum of

Ο ΟΙ Ο

CHEDULE ( E.)

No. 1 .

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES,

MARES, and GELDINGS, kept and used by any Person or

Persons for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of Draw-

ing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.)

Amountof

NUMBER thereof .

DUTY for each

Horse ,Mare , or

Gelding .

£ 5.

For I such Horse, Mare, or Gelding

d.

20

2

360

3

3 12 0

4

45678

315

3 16 0

9

10

II

12

13

14

15

16

17 18

43

436

19

440

20 and upwards10

444444444444444

ㅇㅇ

I

IO

16

20

20

26

2

6

26

2 6

450

VOL. XLIV. 4C

RULES

1

1122 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [1803.

Schedule (E. ) -HORSES, &c.-continued.

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said duties to be payable annually for every horse, mare,

or gelding used on any occasion for the purpose of riding, or of

drawing any carriage for which any duty is payable by this act,

or hired by the year, or any longer period, and to be paid by the

person or persons using the same, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E. ) No. 1 .

I. -Any person or persons who shall keep any horse, mare, or

gelding, which shall be used truly and without fraud for the purpose of husbandry, or of drawing any carriage (except such car-

riages as are liable to anyduty by this act ) , or carrying burdens in

the course of the trade or occupation of the person or persons to

whom such horse, mare, or gelding shall belong, although such

horse, mare or gelding shall be used for riding on the occasions and

in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, when returning

from any place to which any load or burden shall have, by such

horse, mare, or gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any

place from whence any load or burden shall be to be brought back

by any such horse, mare or gelding, or on account of such horse,

mare or gelding having been used for the purpose of riding to

procure medical assistance, or for the purpose of riding to or from

market, or to or from anyplace ofpublick worship, or to or from

any election of members to serve in parliament, or to or from any

courts ofjustice, or to or from any meeting of the commissioners

oftaxes ; provided such horse, mare, or gelding shall not on any

occasion be used for any other purpose save as aforesaid.

II .-Any person occupying a farm as tenant at rack- rent, the

rent of which shall be less than £.70 a year, and making a live-

lihood solely thereby ; or any person occupying any estate on any

other tenure than as tenant at rack- rent solely, or such estate, to-

gether with a farm at rack-rent, the value of which in the whole

shall be less than equivalent to a farm at the rack -rent of £.70

a year (reckoning the value of every estate occupied by the owner

thereof, or on any tenure other than as tenant at rack- rent, as

equivalent to double the amount of the like farm at rack-rent)

and making a livelihood solely by such his own estate, or by such

estate and farm jointly, and using occasionally for the purpose of

riding any horse, mare, or gelding which shall be bonâfide kept

and usually employed for the purposes of husbandry.

III . Any person occupying a farm, and making a livelihood

solely thereby, or any person carrying on a trade, and making a

livelihood solely thereby ; or making a livelihood by such occupation and trade jointly ; or any ecclesiastical person not pof-

fefsed of an annual income of £. 100 or upwards, whether arising

from any ecclesiastical preferment or otherwise, for one horse,

азлоя mare ,

1

1

L

1803. ] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. 1123

Schedule ( E. )-HORSES, &c . -continued.

mare, or gelding, used only for the purpose of drawing any carriage with less than four wheels, liable to the duty hereby made

payable on taxed carts .

Schedule (E) . No. 2 .

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES

let to hire.

£. s. d .

For every horse , mare, or gelding, let to hire for the

purpose of riding, or of drawing any such carriage

as aforesaid, for any period oftime less than one

year, in any manner so that the stamp-office duty,

payable by law on horses let to hire, shall notbe payable, the sum of-

200

To be charged annually on the person or persons letting the same ;

provided, if a due return thereof shall not be made by the hirer or

hirers, according to this act, the progressive duty, as fet forth in

schedule ( E. ) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such

horse, mare or gelding, on the person or persons hiring the same,

and making such default as aforesaid, subject to the provisions

contained in this act concerning the same ; and the said duty, and

no more, shall be charged on horses let to hire as aforesaid, by

any afsessment, of the duties on horses payable at the time of

passing this act, which shall have been or shall be made at any

time after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and

three, for the present year, on the person or persons so letting the

same; and every assessment made at any higher rate on such

person or persons, shall , on appeal by him, her or them, be rec-

tified by the commissioners acting in the execution of the act or

acts granting such duties ; any thing therein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding .

Schedule ( E. ) No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORES kept for the

Purpose of Racing or Running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum

of Money, or other Thing, or kept in Training for any of the

said Purposes. dereit

d.

For every horse, mare, or gelding, bonâ fide kept for the

3

purpose of racing or running for any plate, prize, or

fum of money, or other thing, or kept in trainingst

for any of the said purposes, whether in the stableso

of the proprietor or proprietors, or of any other per two

fon or persons, the fum of 32000

0

The said duty to be charged annually on the personALORIS

or persons having the custody, charge, or management

of such horses , mares, or geldings .

4C2 SCHEDULE

1124 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. [ 1803.

SCHEDULE ( F. )

No. 1 .

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES,

MARES, and GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty ac.

cording to the Schedule (E. ) No. 1, 2, and 3, and also on

MULES.

£. s. d.

For every horse, mare, or gelding, not chargeable with

any duty according to the schedule (E. ) No. 1 , 2,

and 3, as aforesaid, and for for every mule, except in

the cafes hereinafter mentioned wherein other duties

are made payable, the fum of-

012 6

No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HUSBANDRY-

HORSES, in the Cases hereinafter mentioned.

£. s . d .

Anyperson occupying a farm at rack- rent, the rent of

which shall be less than ₤.20 a year, and making

a livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any estate

on any other tenure than as tenant at rack-rent

solely, or such other estate, together with a farm at

rack-rent, the value of which in the whole shall be

Jess than equivalent to a farm at the rack-rent of

£.20 a year ( reckoning the value of every estate oc-

cupied by the owner thereof , or on any tenure other

than as tenant at rack- rent, as equivalent to double

the amount of the like farm at rack-rent ) and

making a livelihood solely by such his own estate ,

or by such estate and farm jointly or principally

thereby, and likewise a profit by any trade or em-

ployment, and keeping not more than two horses,

mares, geldings , or mules, bonâ fide for the purpose

of such occupation, shall be charged for each of such

two horses, mares, geldings , or mules, the fum of

-

02 6

Any person occupying a farm at rack- rent in Wales or

Scotland , the rent of which shall be less than £.10

sterling a year , and making a livelihood principally

thereby, or occupying any estate on any other

tenure than as tenant at rack-rent, or such other

estate, together with a farm at rack- rent, the value

of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent

to a farm at the rack - rent of£.10 sterling a year,

reckoning the value of every estate occupied bythe

owner thereof , or on any tenure other than as

tenant at rack- rent, as equivalent to double the

amount of the like farm at rack-rent, and making a

livelihood

12

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . 161. 1125

Schedule ( F. ) -HORSES, &c.--continued. £. s . d .

livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a profit

by any trade or employment, and keeping not more

than two horses, mares, geldings, or mules, bonâfide

for the purposes of such occupation, and of such

trade or employment jointly, or either of them sepa-

rately, shall be charged for each of such two horses,

mares, geldings, or mules, the sum of 026

RULES for charging the Duties, as set forth in Schedule (F. )

No. 1. and 2 .

The said duties to be charged annually, and paid by the person

or persons keeping or using such horses, mares, geldings, or mules,

and to be payable for every horse, mare, or gelding, and mule ,

which shall not be chargeable nor have been charged with duty

payable in that year, according to the preceding schedule,

marked (E. ) by virtue of the rules or exemptions therein contained, except as hereinafter is mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. 1. and 2.

Anyperson whatever, for anyhorse, mare, or gelding, not being

bydue admeasurement of the height of 13 hands, of4 inches to

each hand, orwhich shall not at any time whatever have been used

for any purpose of labour, or otherwise .

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties, as set forth in the several

Schedules marked ( E.) and (F. )

Cafe I. -Any horse, mare, or gelding, belonging to his Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Cafe II . Any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, licensed

for that purpose by the commissioners appointed to managethe

duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, let to hire by him or her, in

any manner where the stamp- office duty payable on horses let to

hire shall be duly satisfied and paid on each letting, and which

shall not, on any occasion, be used for any other purpose .

Cafe III. Any person duly licensed to keep any carriage

whatever, to be employed as a publick stage- coach or carriage for

the purpose of conveying passengers for hire from different places

in Great Britain, in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, which

is or shall be actually and solely used and employed by such per-

fon in drawing such stage-coach or carriage from place to place

for hire. 4

Cafe

1126 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [ 1803.

Schedules ( E. ) and (F) . -HORSES, &c. continued .

Cafe IV. Any person licensed by the commissioners for hack-

ney coaches within the cities of London and Westminster, and the

suburbs thereof , to keep any hackney coach or coaches, for any

horses, mares, or geldings, kept for the purpose of drawing such

coach, in respect of the duties in schedule (E.) No. 1. and for

two horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, kept for the purpose of drawing each coach so licensed in respect to the duties in

schedule (F. ) No. 1.-

Cafe V. Any dealer in horses, assessed to the duties made

payable bythis act on such dealers, for any horse, mare, or geld-

ing belonging to such dealer, and kept bonâfide for sale, and not

kept or used for any other purpose or in any other manner.

Cafe VI . Any person who, on account of poverty, shall be

discharged from the assessment made in respect of his or her

dwelling- house, in pursuance of the regulations of this act, for

any horse, mare , or gelding , provided such person shall not keep

more than one such horse, mare, or gelding, and the same shall

not be let to hire.

Cafe VII. Any rector, vicar, or curate, actually doing duty

in the church or chapel of which he is rector, vicar, or curate,

who shall not be possessed of an income of £.60 per annum or

upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical preferment or other-

wife, and who shall not keep more than one horse, mare, or

gelding, for the purpose of riding, which otherwise would be

chargeable with duty according to the provisions of this act, except such person who shall occasionally perform the duty apper-

taining to any rector, vicar, or curate, without being the regular

officiating minister of the parish or place in which such duty shall

be performed.

Case VIII . Every person enrolled or to be enrolled, and serv-

ing in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers in Great Britain,

which shall hereafter be continued or formed in Great Britain,

with the approbation of his Majesty, under officers having commissions from his Majesty or lieutenants of counties, or others

who may be specially authorised by his Majesty for that purpose,

who thall have attended the exercise of his corps to which he

shall belong, five days of muster and exercise at the least in the

course of the preceding year, and who shall be returned in the

muster- rolls of the said corps, as required by law , and certified

to have so attended, unless prevented by actual sickness, such

sickness to be certified by some medical practitioner to the commanding officer of such corps , and who shall be returned in the

said muster-roll of such corps, as having used any horse, mare, or

gelding, for such service during such days of muster and exer-

cife as aforesaid, shall be exempted from the payment of the duties

set forth in schedules (E.) and (F. ) in respect of such one horse,

mare, or gelding; such exemption to be returned and claimed in

the manner in which exemptions are directed to be returned and claimed

2

r

I

Σ

Σ

-

1803.] Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. 1127

Schedules ( E. ) and ( F. )-HORSES, &c . continued.

claimed by this act : provided always, that every claim of such last-

mentioned exemption shall be proved by the certificate under the

hand of the officer commanding the corps in which such person

shall be enrolled, in the form in the schedule to this act annexed,

marked ( M.) which certificate shall, between the fifth day of

April , and the fifth day of May in every year, be delivered to the

assessorss of the parith where he shall reside ; and every person

claiming to be exempted from the said duties, shall be charged and

chargeable thereto, unless such certificate as aforesaid shall have

been delivered pursuant to the provisions of this act , which certificates made up, returned, and certified according to the form

thereof in the schedule marked ( M. ) annexed to this act, shall

be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the purposes aforesaid ;

but if from any variation of circumstances , or other reason , the

said form cannot be strictly adhered to, instruments of a similar

import may nevertheless be received in proof as aforesaid, at the

discretion of the respective commissioners acting in the execution of this act for the district .

Cafe IX. -Any non-commissioned officer or private of any of

the regiments of cavalry, or in the artillery, for any horse used in

his Majesty's service.

SCHEDULE ( G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties made payable on DOGS.

£. s. d .

For every greyhound, hound, pointer, setting-dog,

spaniel, lurcher, or terrier, and for every dog of what-

ever description or denomination the same may be,

where any person shall keep two or more dogs, either

for his or her own use, or the use of any other per-

fon or persons, the annual sum of

Ο ΟΙ Ο

For every dog not being a greyhound, hound, setting-

dog, spaniel, lurcher, or terrier, kept by any person

having one such dog and no more, whether the fame

be kept for his or her own use, or the use of any

other person or persons, the annual sum of 060

The said duties to be paid by the person respectively

keeping such dogs .

4

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule ( G. )

1

Cafe I. Any dog belonging to his Majesty or any of the

Royal Family.

Cafe II. -Any person who, on account of poverty, shall be

discharged from the affeffinent made in respect of his or her dwelling

1128 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 161. [1803.

Schedule (G. )-DOGS. -continued.b

dwelling-house in pursuance of the regulations of this act, and

having one dog, and no more, the same not being a greyhound,

hound, pointer, setting-dog, spaniel , lurcher, or terrier.

Cafe III. -Any person in respect of a dog or whelp, which

at the time of returning the list of dogs as by this act is required,

shall not actually be of the age of six calendar months .

Cafe IV. -Any person in respect of the whole number of

hounds by him or her kept in that part of Great Britain as

aforesaid, who thall compound for the same, in any year within

thirty days after the fifth day of April in such year, in pursuance

of notice given to the collector or collectors of the said duty , for

any parish or place, where such person shall be liable to be

assessed, of his or her intention so to do, and on payment of the

full fum of thirty pounds sterling to such collector or collectors ,

for which a receipt shall be given within the period before-

mentioned .

SCHEDULE ( H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE- DEALERS.

£. s. d .

Every person who shall use or exercise the trade and

business of a horse-dealer within the cities of London

and Westminster, and the liberties of the same respectively, the parishes of St. Mary- le- bone and St. Pan-

cras, in the county of Middlesex, the weekly bills of

mortality, or the Borough of Southwark in the county

of Surrey, the annual duty of- -

2000

Every person who shall use or exercise the trade and

business ofahorfse -dealer in any other part of England ,

or in Wales, or the town of Berwick-upon- Tweed, the

annual duty of

1000

SCHEDULE (I. )

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of

HAIR- POWDER used or worn by them .

£. s . d .

By every person who shall have used or worn any hair-

powder within the period limited by this act, the

annual fum of

IIO

RULES for charging the said Duties :

The said rate or duty to extend to every fort or composition

of powder used or worn by any person as an article of , or in, or

about, his or her dress, by whatever name the same shall be dif-

tinguished, and to be affefsfed upon and paid by the person having used

0

2

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. 1129

Schedule ( I . ) -HAIR-POWDER. -continued.

used or worn the fame within the year preceding the term for

which the affefsment ought to be made, except as herein- after

mentioned ; which rule shall also be construed to extend to every

affefsment on such person of the duty payable by virtue of any

act or acts in force at the time of passing this act, which shall

have been or shall be made at any time after the fifth day of

April one thousand eight hundred and three, for the present year,

in respect of such person having used or worn hair-powder in the

year ending on that day; any thing in such act or acts to the

contrary notwithstanding.

The unmarried daughters of any person shall not be charge-

able with the said last-mentioned duties by this act made payable,

or with the duties payable at the time of passing this act, or be

required to make any return under this act, or the acts in force

at the time of passing this act, provided the parent of such

daughters shall have more than two unmarried daughters, and

shall have given an account in any lift by him or her delivered

under this act, or the acts now in force, of the whole number of

such daughters, and shall have required to be assessed and charged

for the whole number by one afsessment, in which cafe every such

parent shall be assessed and charged in respect of the whole

number of such daughters in twice the sum so payable on any

single person for his or her having worn hair- powder, which shall

exempt the whole number of daughters from the said duties, and

each of them ; and that neither the person giving such accounts,

or any of the persons returned in such account, in respect of

whom such charge shall be made, shall in such case be liable to

any of the penalties imposed by this act, or the acts now in force,

by reason of the duty not being paid for the whole number of

such daughters .

The master or mistress of any servant who shall have declared

his or her intention to pay the duty which may be charged or

chargeable as aforesaid in respect of such servant, and shall in any

list or lifts returned by him or her have given a true account of

all the servants by him or her kept, in respect of whom such duty

shall be payable, setting forth the several capacities in which such

servants are respectively kept, shall be charged for such servant or

servants; and in every such case every such servant shall be

deemed and construed to be exempted from the said duties du-

ring his , her, or their continuance in the same service ; and also

every servant who shall come into the service of such master or

mistress in the room of such servant named therein, to serve in the

fame capacity during the year in which the duty shall be so

charged ; and no servant named in such lift or lifts, or any fer-

vant serving such master or mistress in any capacity mentioned in

such lift or lifts, shall, during the year for which such duty shall

be charged, be required for himself or herself to make any such

return, or to pay the said duties, or either of them, nor be liable

to any penalty by reason of not making any such return, or not

paying the said duty. EXEMPTIONS

1130 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 161. [ 1803.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties .

Any of the Royal Family, and any of the menial servants of

his Majesty or any of the Royal Family.

Any officer in actual employ in his Majesty's navy, under the

rank of commander ; or any officer holding a commission in his

Majesty's navy under the said rank, who shall be employed on

the establishment of the royal hospital at Greenwich ; or any

subaltern or non-commissioned officer or private man belonging

to any regiment in the army, artillery, militia, division ofmarines,

or corps of engineers ; or any person enrolled and actually serving

in any volunteer corps or body of men associated for the defence

of any city, town, or place, and for maintaining publick tran-

quility and good order within the fame, whether of infantry or

cavalry, which now are or hereafter shall be raised; provided that

every such person enrolled and serving as aforesaid, so claiming to

be exempted, shall make such return as by this act is directed,

with respect to the claim of exemptions ; provided that every such

claim shall be proved by the certificate of the commanding

officer of the corps in the form in the schedule to this act

annexed, marked ( M. ) and according to the regulations of this

act in other cases of exemptions by such volunteers.

Any clergyman who shall not be possessed of an annual income

of£.100 or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical prefer-

ment or otherwise ; or any preacher or preachers of any congre-

gation of dissenters, or any person dissenting from the church of

England in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, who now is or

at any time hereafter shall be entitled to the benefit of the statute

made in the first year of the reign of the late King William and

Queen Mary , intituled , An attfor exempting their Majesties protes-

tantfubjects dissentingfrom the church of England from the penalties

of certain laws; or of the statute made in the nineteenth year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An altfor the further

relief of protestant dissenting ministers and schoolmasters; or of the

statute made in the thirty- first year of the reign of his present

Majesty, intituled , An alt to relieve, upon conditions and under re-

strictions , the persons therein described , from certain penalties and

disabilities to which papists, or persons professing the popish religion,

are by law subject ; and who shall not be possessed of any annual

income of £.100, or upwards, however arising ; and the income

arising from any benefice or benefices shall be estimated on the

average amount thereof , computed on the period of seven years

next preceding that on which such exemption shall be claimed.

SCHEDULE

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. 1131

SCHEDULE ( K. )

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons in respect of

any ARMORIAL BEARING or ENSIGN, used or worn

by them, by whatever Name the same shall be called ; videlicet.

£. s. d .

By every such person chargeable with any duty made

payable by this act, for any coach or other carriage,

the annual fum of

2

20

By every such person not chargeable for any such coach

or other carriage, but who shall be chargeable to

any of the duties on inhabited houses, or to the duties

on houses, windows, or lights made payable by this

act, the annual sum of

I

ΟΙ

By every such person not chargeable for any such coach

or other carriage, not being chargeable to the said

duties on inhabited houses, or to the duties on houses,

windows, or lights , the annual fum of- -

010 6

The said duties to be paid by every person having used or

caused to be used any armorial bearing or ensign, by whatever

name the fame is or shall be called, within the year preceding the

term for which the assessment ought to be made, and to extend

to every person who within the said period shall have been pof-

sessed of , or shall have kept or had any coach or other carriage

chargeable with the duty by this act, or any seal, plate, or other

article, on which carriage, seal, plate , or other article, any

armorial bearing or ensign is or shall have been, during the said

period, painted, engraved, marked, or affixed, and whether such

armorial bearing or ensign shall be registered in the college of

arms or not ; and which rule shall also be construed to extend to

every aflessment on such person of the duty payable by virtue of

any act or acts in force at the time of passing this act, which shall

have been or shall be made at any time after the fifth day of

April one thousand eight hundred and three, in respect of such

person having used or worn any armorial bearing or ensign in

the year ending on that day; any thing in such act or acts to the

contrary notwithstanding.

ELI EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties as set forth in

Schedule ( K. )

Anyof the Royal Family, or any person who shall , by right of

office or by appointment, have worn or used any of the arms or

insignia worn or used by the Royal Family, or used in any city,

borough or town corporate, in that part of Great Britain before

described.

SCHEDULE

1132 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III . c. 161. [1803.

SCHEDULE ( L. )

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several

Schedules marked ( C), ( D ), ( E) , and (G).

All persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the

commencement of this session of parliament, and being mem-

bers of either house of the parliament of the united kingdom,

whether on the part of Ireland or for any place in Great Britain,

and all persons who shall hereafter be members of the said parliament as aforesaid , and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland

previous to the commencement of the session of parliament in

which they shall respectively serve in parliament, and all persons

having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall

hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding or who

shall hereafter hold offices or publick employments in Ireland ,

and are now residing in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter re-

fide in Great Britain, with the approbation, or by the order or

direction of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or chief

governors of Ireland for the time being, or of his or their chief

secretary for the time being, and which shall be certified under

the hand of the lord-lieutenant, chief governor or chief governors , or his or their chief secretary, to be therein resident for

the purposes of assisting in the execution of publick business,

shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the duties set forth

in the schedules of this act annexed, marked ( C) , (D) , ( E), and

( G) ; provided that this exemption shall not extend to any person

ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a member of

either house of parliament of the united kingdom, who hath

resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the

fession of parliament, and forty days before and forty days

after each session, nor to any article on which a duty is by

this act made payable, which shall be retained, kept, employed,

or used by such person in Great Britain, during the residence of

such person in Ireland : provided also, that this exemption shall

not extend to any person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, holding an office or publick employment in Ireland , unless

the approbation in writing, with respect to the persons now in

Great Britain or such order or direction of the said lord -lieutenant,

or other chiefgovernor or chief governors of Ireland for the time

being, or of his or their chief secretary for the time being, with

respect to persons who shall hereafter reside, and a description of

the place of abode in Great Britain of the persons respectively

hoiding such offices or employments, be delivered into the office

of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes in Somerset Place,

within twenty days after the fifth day of April one thousand eight

hundred and four, with respect to persons then in Great Britain ,

or within thirty days after the arrival in Great Britain of such

persons respectively, who shall hereafter arrive: provided also,

that no person shall , for the purposes ofclaiming this exemption, be

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. C. 162. 1133

Schedule ( L. ) -continued.

be deemed to be ordinarily resident in Ireland , unless he shall re-

fide therein during such portion of the year as is not covered by

the privilege herein provided : and for the better ascertaining the

fact of such residence, every person claiming the benefit of this

exemption, shall verify the fame upon oath (if required) before

the commissioners acting in the execution of this act , in the

district where such person shall reside .

SCHEDULE ( M. )

Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members of

Volunteer Corps .

I,

commanding officer of the

do hereby certify, in pursuance of an act passed

in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act (here insert the title of the act), that the several

persons herein named and described are severally enrolled and

serving in the said corps, and have duly attended at the muster

and exercise of the said corps for five days at the least, in the

course of the year next preceding the date hereof , which muster-

rolls have been duly returned, testifying the same, pursuant to

the said act.

( Signed)

Dated the day of Commanding Officer.

CAP. CLXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the respective confo.idated funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying

certain monies therein- mentioned for the service of the year one thou-

fand eight hundred and three ; and for further appropriating the fup-

plies granted in this session of parliament.-[August 12, 1803. ]

6,500,000l . out of the consolidated fund may be issued towards the

supply for Great Britain for 1803 ; and 6121. 165. 3d. remaining in the ex-

chequeroffurplus for judges' salaries in Great Britain ; and 37,1691 . 145. Sd.

remaining in the exchequer of bounties on the growth of hemp and flax

in Great Britain. 600,000 % . Irish, out of the consolidated fund of Ireland,

maybe issued towards the supply for Ireland for 1803 ; monies raised for

the service of Great Britain by the malt-act, c. 3; and bydutyon pensions,

&c. c. 4. not exceeding 2,000,000/ , and 4,000,000/ . by 43 Geo. 3. c. 36;

and monies arising by the 12,000,000/ . loan act, c. 67. after remittance

to Ireland of 2,000,000 /. and by lottery-act , c. 91. after remittance to

Ireland of 117,4441 . 85. IId.; and by additional custom-duty, c. 70 ;

and by additional excise-duty, c. 81 ; and by property- duty, c. 122 ; and

15,000,000/ . by c. 93; and 612/ . 165. 3d. surplus of judges ' salaries ; and

37,1691. 145. 8d. bounties for hemp and flax ; and 1,500,000 / by c. 147;

and 2,000,০০০l. by c. 146; and 6,500,000 /. out of the consolidated fund

of Great Britain, shall be issued and applied as hereafter expressed.

Monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland, by c. 67. and by c. 91.

and by c. 114. shall be carried to the consolidated fund of Ireland, and with

1

1134 Annoregni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 162. [1803 .

with 600,000/. Irish, out of that fund shall be applied as hereafter ex .

pressed. 10,211,3781. 135. Id. for naval services, viz. 1,202,500l. for

wages of50,000 men, including 12,000 marines, for thirteen lunar months.

1,235,000l. for their victualling. 1,950,000/ . for wear and tear of ships .

162,5col. for ordnance for sea-service . 1,228.2381 . 135. Id. for the

ordinary of the navy for 1803. 901,140/. for building and repairing ships

of war. 590,000/ for hire of transports . 22,000 /. for prisoners of war

inhealth. 5,000/. for sick prisoners of war. 203,500l. for wages of an

additional 10,000 men, including 2,400 marines, for eleven lunar months,

commencing February 26, 1803. 209,000l. for their victualling .

330,000 / . for wear and tear of ships. 27,500l. for ordnance for sea-

service. 518,000l . for wages of a further additional 40,000 men, in-

cluding 8,000 marines for seven lunar months, commencing June 12,

1803. 532,000/ . for their victualling . 840,000/ . for wear and tear of

ships. 70,000/ . for ordnance for fea-service. 100,000/ . for further hire of

transports for 1803. 65,000l. for prisoners of war in health. 20,000l .

for sick prisoners of war. 1,500,000/. for Great Britain, and 500,000l,

for Ireland. 637,9471. 125. 7d . for ordnance for land- service for 1803 .

282,0651 . 105. 11d. for additional ditto. 150,000 / . for ordnance in Ireland, for 1803. 35,9081. 45. for out- standing claims on the late board of

ordnance in Ireland. 20,000l. for further charges of ordnance for 1803 .

11,786,619/. 125. 3d. for land-service. 2,322,700l. os. 3d. for 66,574

effective men in Great Britain and Ireland , for 1803. 1,129,9761. 195. 4d.

for forces in the plantations, &c. for 1803. 28,6321 . 175. 8d. for parties

in England recruiting for regiments in East- India. 173,341 . 75. for

recruiting and contingencies in Great Britain and Ireland. 58,4681. 05. 10d.

for general, staff , and hospital officers in Great Britain and Ireland.

127,5121 . 195. ga. for publick departments in Great Britain and Ireland,

and exchequer fees paid by the paymaster-general. 200,6451. Is. 3d. for

increased rates for quartering soldiers, and allowance for small beer in

Great Britain , and an allowance while on march in Ireland . 358,1521.

IOS. IId. for reduced officers of the land- forces and marines in Great

Britain. 52,000l . for half -pay to reduced British American forces .

1,000 / . for officers late in the service of the States -General. 26,8831 . 165.

for widows ' pensions in Great Britain and Ireland. 99,1691 . 45. 8d. for

volunteer corps in Great Britain and Ireland. 513,4401 . 75. 10d. for the

barrack departments in Great Britain and Ireland. 159,6721 . 15. Id.

for foreign corps. 18.4611 . 10s. Iod. for medicines for the forces in

Ireland , and the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin. 1,032,1511. 45. 81.

for extraordinary expences of the army in 1802. 29,3371 . 05. 4d. for

pay of supernumerary officers in 1803. 266,0041 . 145. Id. for Chelsea

and Kilmainham hospitals. 218,2701 . 115. 1d. for regiments retained,

and an augmentation to dragoons and foot -guards. 31,000/. for ad-

ditional general and staff- officers for 1803. 35,7511. 175. 10d . for effec-

tive captains to troops and companies held by field- officers . 1,547,7501.

os . 8d. for militia in Great Britain and Ireland, and the corps of miners.

38,3451. 125. 7d. for contingencies for militia in Great Britain and Ireland . 143,8911 . 55. for cloathing of the militia of Great Britain, and

theminers. 145,000 /. for increased charge in

e in quartering the militia of

Great Britain . 416,000 / . for supplementary militia of Great Britain.

300,000/ . for volunteer corps for 1803. 58,3331 . for the barrack de-

partment in Great Britain . 54,9071 . 75. 9d. for the barrack depart-

ment in Ireland. 1,400,000l. for extraordinaries of the army in

Great Britain for 1803. 600,000/. for extraordinaries of the army for

1803. 2,781,5321 . 155 2d. ag. to discharge exchequer bills made out

under 41 Geo. 3. C. 4. 1,500,000 / . to discharge exchequer bills under

42Geo. 3. c. 111. 5,000,000l . to discharge exchequer bills under 42

Geo. 3. C. 110. 356,5381 . 95. 34. sterling, to discharge treasury bills of

Ireland, due in 1803. 15,160 / . os. 6d. issued pursuant to addresles of

the House of Commons. 12,3141 . 165. issued pursuant to addresses of the

House of Commons. 8,900l . for the civil establishment ofUpper Canada,

for 1803. 7,6657 . for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia. 4,650l. for

the civil establishment of New Brunswick in America. 2,214 / . 45.

Id. 19. for the civil establishment of the Island of Saint John in Ame- rica .

+

L

1803.] Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c. 162. 1135

rica. 1,840l . for the civil establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in

America. 1.515/. for the civil establishment of the Island of Newfound-

land. 4.100/ . for the civil establishment of the Bahama Islands. 580 / .

for the civil establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands . 600l . for

the civil establishment of the Island of Dominica. 9,124 / . 175. 6d. for the

civil establishment of New South Wales. 16,000!. for forts in Africa.

524,5731 . 195. qd. for bounties on corn and grain imported into Great

Britain, to October 10, 1802. 25,000 / . for bills drawn from New South

Wales. 40,8471. 95. expences of convicts at home, for 1803. 191,5841 .

Tou

175. 6d. for relief of the suffering clergy and laity of France, Toulonese,

andCorfican emigrants, Saint Domingo sufferers, and American loyalists ,

for 1803. 2191. 75. for inquiries respecting the collieries. 300% . to the

secretary to the commissioners for ascertaining the boundaries of the

New Forest. 1,0861. 15. 6d . to George Baldwyn, esquire, for services

in Egypt. 3241. Ios. to Mr. Palmer, for hire of a vessel at New South

Wales. 1,6591 . 185. for making indexes to thejournals of the House of

Lords. 2,7011. 94. to Lord Walsingham, as chairman of the committees

of the House of Lords. 360l . 185. 2d. for expences at the parliament

office . 1691. gs. 6d. to Mr. Wilson, for attending the committee for

improvement of the port of London. 500l . for preparing abstracts of

the population of Great Britain. 1467. 15. for abstracts of the culti-

vation of England and Wales. 8141.85.6d. for surveying the Straits of

Menai, the Conway river, and Holyhead harbour and coast. 7,1344 .

173. 4d . for additional allowances to the clerks in the auditor's office,

to October 10, 1802. 3,000% for fees on passing accounts at the treasury

and exchequer. 1,0601 . 85, 6d . to the secretary to the commissioners

under a convention concluded with America. 868,9231 . 8s. od. 29. for

interest on exchequer bills . 1,910 / . 105. for commissioners for reduction

of the national debt . 500 % . to the officers of the exchequer for extra

trouble in making out exchequer bills. 22,5641. 135. 6d, for discount

onprompt payment to the loan for 1802, and subscriptions on exchequer

bills funded. 22,5381 . 25. 3d. for receiving contributions and subscriptions to ditto. 3711. 175. for a clerk employed on business relative to

American claims. 3,600l . for incidents attending lotteries, 1802 .

12,6261 . 145. to George Martin, junior, an American loyalist. 8,1101.

25. 11d . for the Royal Military College for 1803. 31,000/ . for the Royal

Military Asylum at Chelsea for 1803. 1,7601. 195. 11d. 29. for repairs at

the Fleet prison. 4,500 / 135. 2d. 29. for printing volume 56 of the

Commons' Journals. 1,281/. 45. od. 19. for a house for depositing the

Journals, &c. of the Commons. 14,3691. 45. for buildings for the ac

commodation of the Houses of Parliament. 8,7711. 75. 8d. 29. for work

done at Somerset-Place. 21,434/ . for works done at the Houses of Parliament, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, to May 31 , 1803.

150,000/ for secret services for 1803. 340,000/ . for expences pursuant to

articles of the American treaty. 2,6611 . 175. 8d. for expences relating

to the coin, in 1802. 7,620l. for superintending of aliens. 5,1001 .

185. 3d. for additional allowances to the clerks in the auditor's office, to

April 5, 1803. 5581. 175. 5d . for repairs of Port Patrick. 1771. 65.

for expences incurred by John Clementson, esquire, in removing. 98% .

135. 3d. for losses sustained by lieutenant Grant, while employed at

New South Wales, &c. 291/. 85. 3d. for articles provided for convicts

embarked for New South Wales. 6341. 135. for the passage to Bass's

Straits of the lieutenant- governor of New South Wales . 1,0601. 75.

6d . to Sir George Yonge, for expences of returning to England . 6571.

115. 4d. for surveys , reports , and designs for bridges over the Straits of

Menai. 1134. 135. 9d. for journeys respecting surveys and designs for

bridges over the Straits of Menai. Mennyeinkinder

-lishing weekly returns of the average price of sugar, to October 10, 1802.

3,000/ . to discharge fees on passing publick accounts . 2291. 18s. 6d. for

surveys of the intended military road in Sutherland and Caithness .

1,000,000 / to the East India company for expences in the late war.

20,000 / . for an inland navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea.

20,000% for roads and bridges in Scotland. 60,000/ . for the House of Orange.

1136 Anno regni quadragesimo tertio GEORGII III. c.162. [1803 .

Orange. 6391. 175. 6d. for enquiring into the mendicity of the metro-

polis. 5341. 155. for lofs by erecting temporary buildings at the Mar-

thalfea. 8221. gs. Id. for articles supplied to convicts at Portsmouth and

New South Wales. 4711. 5s. to pay a bill drawn for wheat for the

settlement at Norfolk-island. 15,000 /. for printingjournals , &c. of the

Commons. 960l. 8s. 6d . for arrears of expences of the police offices ,

to January 5 , 1802. 1,000l. for designs , &c. of alterations to be made

to the House of Lords, &c. 204 /. for repaying the deposit on 40 tickets

in lottery, 1801. 7251. 105. 6d. for Dr. Jenner, to reimburse him fees

and charges. 3,000/ . for the Board of Agriculture. 3,000 / . for the

British Museum. 1,500 / for the Veterinary college. 5,3201 . to Isaac du

Bois, esquire, an American loyalist . 5,000l. for military roads in North

Britain. 3131. 165. 11d . to Stephen Moore, for preparing the publick

accounts of Ireland. 2217. ros . gd. to John Smart, esquire, for ditto .

7381. 95. 3d. to Sir John Tydd, for his care in the office of paymaster of

corn-bounties in Ireland . 1841. 125. 4d. to Paul Le Bas, esquire, exa-

aminator of corn- bounties , for his trouble in keeping the accounts .

2301. 155. 5d. to Robert Marshall, esquire , for preparing accounts of

the imports and exports of Ireland. 1841. 125. 4d . to Rogers Wetherall ,

esquire , for the fame. 1841 125. 4d. to George Hatton, tton, esquire, for

preparing accounts for Parliament. 1381. 95. 3d. to Samuel Hood,

esquire , for the fame. 1847. 125. 4d . for the fame . 23,0761 . 18s. 6d.

for expence of civil buildings in Ireland for 1803. 8301. 155. 5d. for

printing and binding acts of Parliament. 6,4851 . 195. 11d . for adver-

tizing in the Dublin Gazette, &c. 18,840l. for printing , stationary, &c.

for the chief and under secretaries offices , &c. in Ireland. 1,8461 35. 1d.

for incidents of the treasury in Ireland for 1803. 2,3071. 135. 104. 29.

for apprehending publick offenders in Ireland for 1803. 18,4611 . 105.

9d . 29. for criminal prosecutions , &c. in Ireland. 9661. 18s. 7d. 29. for

expence of pratique at Dublin. 1,6471 . is. 4d . for working the gold-

mine in the county of Wicklow. 2881. 95. 3d. for printing index to

Irish acts of 39 and 40 Geo. 3. 3,6921. 65. 2d . for building law offices

in Ireland. 50,000/ . for the civil contingencies of Ireland for 1803 .

4,6151. 75. 8d. 29. for building churches in Ireland. 19,9381. 95. 3d .

sterling, for the linen and hempen manufactures in Ireland . 2,000/ . Irish,

for encouraging the raising of hemp and flax for 1803. 2,000/ . Irith ,

for encouraging the hemp and flax manufactures in Leinster, &c. 7,2501.

Irim, to encourage the growth of flax . 10,350 / . Irish, for promoting

the said manufactures in lieu of the fum paid out of the tea and coffee

duty. 4,1531 . 165. 11d . for widening streets in Dublin. 9,2301 . 155. 5d.

for paving, cleansing, and lighting streets in Dublin. 5,0761. 18s. 6d. to

the Dublin society for promoting husbandry, &c. 4,1531 . 165. 11d. for

additional buildings at the repository of the Dublin society in Hawkins-

street. 1,8461. 35. 1d. for expences of the farming society of Ireland.

19,4421. 115. Ind. for promoting English protestant schools in Ireland.

3691. 45. 7d. 29. for the office of the secretary to the commissioners of

charitable donations in Ireland. 2,0301 . 155. 4d . 29. for a penitentiary-

house in Dublin . 16,1537. 165. 114. for the Foundling- hospital inDub-

lin. 1,8861 . 105. 6d. 29. for the Hibernian marine society. 4,1531 . 165.

Ind. for the Hibernian school for soldiers ' children . 5,0931 . 15. 6d . 29.

for the Lock-hospital in Dublin. 4751. 165. 3d. 29. for the Fever- hospital

in Dublin. 17,3211 155. 6d . for the House of Industry in Dublin. 7,3847 .

125. 4d. for the Roman-catholick seminary. 9231. Is. 6d. to the society

for discountenancing vice, &c. in Ireland. 9031. 65. 5d. 29. for the

Female Orphan-house near Dublin. 2,4921.6s. 2d. for the Lying - in-hof-

pital in Dublin. 171,4311 . 115. Id . 29. to make good the deficiency of

grants for 1802. Supplies not to be applied to any other than the authorised purposes. Rules to be observed in the application of the fum

appropriated for half -pay. Officers employed on the staff or in garrisons

may receive half-pay on taking an oath. By 42 Geo. 3. C. 120. a certain

sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus of

which maybedisposed of as his Majesty shall judge proper.

PUBLICK ,

[ 1137 ]

PUBLICK, LOCAL, AND PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno Quadragesimo Tertio GEORGII III. Regis.

t

L

4

1

1

Cap. 106.

An act to extend the provisions of two acts, passed in the thirty- ninth

and fortieth and in the forty- first years of the reign of his presentMa-

jesty , relating to the use of horse hides in making boots and shoes, and

preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in the flaying thereof ,

to, and to alter and amend the same as to the cities of London and

Westminster, and borough of Southwark and liberties thereof , and all

places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the said city of

London.-[ July 4, 1803. ]

Acts 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 66. and 41 Geo. 3. C. 53. extended to London,

Westminster, and Southwark, and to places within fifteen miles of the

Royal Exchange of London. Allhides , flayed within five miles of the

Royal Exchange, to be brought to Leadenhall to be inspected. Sheep

and lamb skins to one of the three sheep- skin markets . Places and hours

for inspection to be appointed within three months after passing the act.

Butchers within fifteen milės may bring skins, &c. to Leadenhall on giv-

ing notice. Eight inspectors at Leadenhall, and eight inspectors at the

sheep-skin markets. Power to increase the number, and make regulations

for the conduct of inspectors. Inspectors to take oath and receive fees .

Inspectors to attend on market-days from fix in the morning to five in

the afternoon in summer, and seven in the morning to four in the after-

noon in winter. Inspectors may levy penalties without reference to a

magistrate subject to arbitration only. Inspectors to keep accounts .

Distribution of fines and fees. Persons impeding inspectors liable to

penalty. Inspectors taking and persons offering bribes liable to penalty.

Salesmen to deliver an account of hides , and servants or workmen gah-

ing hides liable to repay half the fine to their principals. Power given to

the lord- mayor to increase fees. Appointment of arbitrators . Power

to arbitrators to fine for frivolous arbitrations . Arbitrators to keep

accounts. Inspectors and arbitrators compelled to use dispatch. Buyers

andfellers of unstamped hides liable to penalty. Appointment of trea-

furers . Publick act.

Cap. 124.

An act to authorise the advancement of further fums of money, out of

the consolidated fund, to be applied in the improvement of the port of

London, by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of Lon-

don , incommon council afsembled, and to empower the lords - commif-

fioners of his Majesty's treasury to purchase the legal quays between

London bridge and the tower of London.- [July 13 , 1803.1

Act 39 Geo. 3. for rendering more commodious and better regulating

the port of London, recited. Commissioners of the treasury treasury emp empowered

to advance one hundred thousand pounds out of the consolidated

for repairing and laying down mooring chains, and improving the navigation of the river Thames . Part of act 39 and 40 Geo. 3. empowering

commissioners of compensations to impose additional tolis on ships for

thirteen years repealed. Additional rates or duties of tonnage. Ships

or vessels arriving at, or going from , the port of London, in ballast, not

to be subject to the general tonnage-duty. All the rates and duties by

Vol. XLIV. 4D recited

Publick, Local, and Personal Acts,

1138 [ 1803.

recited act and this act charged with the repayment of the advances made

and to be made out of the consolidated fund. Application of monies to

be produced by the rates and duties granted by the recited act. Common

council to pay the costs of obtaining this act out of the monies to be

advanced from the consolidated fund. Commissioners of the treasury

empowered to purchase the legal quays. The value of the property to

be so purchased is to be estimated as if the improvements had not been

in contemplation. Purchase-money to be paid in six months. The

purchases authorised by this act not to extend to Billingsgate dock or

market. Powers of recited act to extend to this act. Publick act .

Cap. 126.

An act for the further improvement of the port of London, bymaking

docks and other works at Blackwall, for the accommodation of the

East- India shipping in the said port. -[July 27, 1803. ]

Certain subscribers and their successors to be a company of proprietors,

and styled The East - India Dock Company. 200,000l . to be raised and

divided into shares of one hundred pounds each and deemed personal

estate. The proprietors empowered to sell and transfer their shares. No

persons answerable for more than their respective stock. Company to

pay5l. per centum per annum as interest or dividends on money fub-

Icribed . The company may increase their stock to 300,00ol. The

company's directors empowered to audit accounts of receivers and make

calls . No advantage of any forfeiture to be taken until notice, nor

unless the same be declared forfeited at a meeting. Representatives of

proprietors before call (no provision being made for the fame) charged

therewith as debtors. In cafe the capital of 200,000 /. shall not be raif-

ed ,&c . the company may borrow 300,000 / . and assign the dock- rates as

a security. Form of assignment. Interest on money borrowed to be

paid half yearly in preference to the dividends. Application of monies

tobesubscribed. Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and

disbursements. Two general meetings in a year to be holden in the city

of London. Certain persons and their successors to be called , The Di-

rectors of the East- India Dock-Company. Subsequent appointment of

dock-directors (by the directors of the East-India company) in the room

ofthose who shall die, refuse to act, or become disqualified. Subsequent

appointment of dock- directors (by the court of proprietors) in the room

of those going out of office by rotation. In cafe directors are not appointed on the second Monday in July another meeting to be had for

the purpose. Subsequent appointment of dock-directors (by the court

of proprietors ) in the room of those who shall die, refuse to act, or

becomedisqualified . Directors to appoint a chairman and deputy chair.

man, and also places and times of meeting. Nine proprietors may

request an extraordinary general meeting. Proprietors of five shares to

vote at general meetings, and no person more than four votes. Qualifi-

cation to vote by twelve calendar months' possession of stock, &c. Di-

rectors empowered to buy land, &c. for the company. Houses, build-

ings, gardens, &c. not to be purchased for the company without consent

of the owner, except two boiling -houses at Blackwall. Bodies poli-

tick , &c. empowered to fell such ground, & c. as may be wanted. No

person compellable to fell part of premises if willing to fell the whole.

Power of purchasing limited to five years. When parties refuse or are

unable to treat , &c. a jury may afsess the value on oath. Application of

compensation- money amounting to 2001. or less. Persons not making

out a good title , or refusing to accept the money, or when persons en-

titledcannot be found, the purchase-money to be paid into the Bank.

Where any question shall arise touching the title to money to be paid,

the person who shall be in possession of the land,&c. at the time of such

purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such possession .

Thecourt of chancery may order reasonable expences ofpurchases to be

paid by the company. On payment ofpurchase-money premises to be

conveyed. Purchase- money to be paid in discharge of mortgage. Di- rectors

1

دلا

1

1

3

43 Geo. 3. c. 126 .

1139 ] .1803

rectors empowered to make wet-docks and build a wall twenty feet high

round them, and build piers to facilitate the entrances into the dock.

Power to make and repair sluices, bridges, roads , &c. , and drains to be

madetocarry offwater from private property. Directors empowered to

stop up, alter, and build sewers under the direction of the commissioners

offewers ; such new fewers not being within the dock-walls , to be vested

in and under the direction of commissioners of sewers . Directors to

make and maintain draw and swivel-bridges. Power to alter and divert

highways. Power to make drains, and remove obstructions in adjoining

lands, and to lay materials on the adjoining premises, satisfying the

owners. Power to supply thedocks, &c. with water. For gettingmaterials

to repair thedocks. Notice to be given to the occupiers of lands before

materials are to be taken. Forty shillings penalty for taking away mate-

rials got by order of the directors. Power to repair works damaged by

floods. Damages how to be ascertained and fettled . Power to scour the

docks, &c. and remove wrecks, &c. Power to cleanse adjoining water-

courses at the land-owner's expence. No lips, dry-docks, &c. for build-

ing or repairing ships are to be made in the docks, nor are the company

tobeconcerned inbuilding and repairing ships. Directors to appoint a

dock-master, but may annul any orders of his, and give others. Orders

given by the directors or dock- master shall not affect the responsibility of

the person having the charge of any ship or vessel. New docks to be

partof the port of London, and vessels resorting thereto to be subject to

the several present port-regulations andduties. All East- India ships to

unload their cargoes within the docks. And if at any time East - India

ships cannot be admitted into the docks, the commissioners of customs

mayauthorise the cargoes of those particular ships to be discharged else-

where. Outward- bound East- India ships to load in the docks or in the

river below Limehouse creek. No other than East- India ships to use the

docks without the consent of the court of directors of the East-India

company . For regulating the moorings of vessels near the entrance into

thedocke. No vessel to enter into or navigate in the works under fail.

Draw- bridges and swivel- bridges to be fastened after vessels have passed.

For preventing obstructions and nuisances in the docks. Vessels to

unload within the docks as soon as may be, then to be removed. Power

for dock- master to order out light vessels being unfit for service, or not

intended to be fitted out for the East -Indies, and the dock-master may

remove such vessel; the charges of such removal on non- payment to be

leviedbydistress and sale . Vessels to land gunpowder before entering

the dock-premises, and other combustible matters to be removed in

twelve hours. Fire, candles, or lamps not to be lighted in the docks.

Persons destroying the works to be transported. Ten pounds penalty

destroying ropes of vessels. Forty shillings penalty on breaking or extinguishing lamps. Masters andowners of vessels answerable fordamages .

the bye

bytheir officers and servants . Directors empowered to make by

laws which are to be printed anddistributed . Compensation to be made

for tythes. Tythes in the parish of Bromley Saint Leonard how to be

valued and paid. Remedy for recovering compensations for tythes .

Compensations to be made by the East-India dock - company for defi-

ciencies of affefsments for land-tax, and paving , cleansing, lighting, and

poor-rates. Compensation to be made for deficiencies of sewer-rates .

Compensation to be made to the owners, &c. of docks, flips, and dock-

yard , in the port of London, if injured by the intended regulations .

Commissioners of compensations in the West- India dock- act to be the

commissioners under this act. No claims to be made for compensations

until three years after notice of the docks, &c. being ready for use.

Claimants may recover compensation- money from persons who have

wrongfullyreceived the fame. Rates . For every ship or vessel (except

country ) entering inwards, and unloading and loading her cargo in the

docks , fourteen shillings per ton. For country ships navigated by Laf-

cars entering inwards and unloading and loading her cargo twelve shillings per ton. For a new ship loading outwards four shillings per ton.

Incafe any ship having unloaded her cargo shall remove from the docks

before loading any cargo outwards, two shillings per ton to be repaid.

4D2 And

Publick, Local, and Personal Acts,

1140 [1803 .

And in case any ship shall have completed her regular number of voy

ages, or not continued in the East- India trade, there shall be allowed

four shillings per ton . For all goods , wares , and merchandize imported

from the East Indies or China, and unloaded in the said docks, two

shillings per ton. Manner of recovering rates . Persons eluding the

payment to continue chargeable. To ascertain the tonnage or admea-

furement of ships . Collectors to have access to registers of thips at the

custom- house. Powers to measure, &c. ships and vessels . Ten pounds

penalty on obstructing measuring, &c. Custom -house officers not to

discharge any vessel before duties paid . Directors may alter rates with

the approbation of the company. The docks and other works to be

kept in repair and made commodious for shipping. Not to affect the

liability of the owners and commanders of East- India ships in respect to

theperformance of contracts , charter- parties, and agreements. the East-

India company's surveyors to superintendloading and unloading of ships .

The East- India dock- company's works to be begun as soon as possible,

and a statement of the progress thereof to be laid before parliament

yearly. Directors to lay an account before parliament yearly. Directors

empowered to appoint clerks and other officers for the East - India dock-

company, taking security and allowing them salaries . Officers to account.

Nothing in this act contained is to prejudice any remedy against the

sureties of officers . Saving the rights of the Trinity- house. Rights of his

Majesty and the corporation of London not to be prejudiced. Lord-mayor

empowered as conservator of the river Thames to punish offences contrary to this act or to any bye laws . For limiting the restriction requiring

East- India ships to unload in the docks to twenty- one years . Giving

false evidence perjury. Provision for the bringing and defending actions

in the name of the secretary. Proceedings to be entered in a book.

Property of the company vested in the directors. Distress not to be

deemed unlawful for want of form. Penalties and forfeitures not exceeding twenty pounds how to be recovered . Penalties above twenty

pounds how to be recovered. Informers giving up their share of penal-

ties shall be deemed competent witnesses . Form of conviction . Appeal .

Plaintiffs not to recover after tender of amends . Limitation of actions.

Publick act.

15

Cap. 134.

An act for establishing a free market, in the city of London, for the sale

of coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and deli-

very of all coals brought into the port of London, within certain places

therein mentioned.-[ July 27 , 1803. ]

Corporation of London to establish a free market for the sale of all coals

that shall arrive within the port of London; and to purchase the coal-

exchange, and other lands and tenements near thereto, but not to exceed

halfan acre . Bodies politick, &c . empowered to fell such lands, &c . as

may be wanted. Power of purchasing limited to twelve months. When

parties refuse or are unable to treat, a jury may be impannelled who are

to be drawn as act of 3 Geo. 2. directs. Jurymen may be challenged.

Jury to affefs the value on oath. Verdict of the jury to be final. The

court empowered to impose fines for non- attendance, &c . Application

ofcompensation- money, when amounting to 2001. Application where

the compensation shall be less than 2001. Application where the money

is less than 207. On payment of purchase- money, premises to vest in the

mayor, &c . for the purposes of this act. Bargains and sales to have the

force of fines and recoveries. Persons having any right, to enter their

claims in five years or be barred. But may recover the purchase-

money, &c . from the persons receiving the fame. In cafe titles shall be

deficient, the money to be paid into the Bank. In case of a doubt upon

the title, the interest of the money paid into the Bank shall be paid to the

person who was in possession of the premises when bought. The court of

chancery may order the expences of purchases to be paid. Purchase-

money to be paid in discharge of mortgages . One halfpenny a chaldron

on

1803. ] 1141

43 Geo. 3. C. 134.

oncoals arriving in the port of London to be paid to the mayor, &c . of

London ,but may be reduced when more than sufficient for the purposes

of this act. Mayor, &c . empowered to raise money for carrying the act

into execution by granting redeemable annuities. And to give bonds or

other securities for such annuities . Upon notice of redemption and

tender of the money such annuities to cease. If more adviseable, money

maybe raised by granting annuities on lives . Duty granted by this act

charged with such annuities. The money raised to be applied only for the

purposes of this act. The coal-market to be an open market. Mondays,

Wednesdays, and Fridays to be market-days, and clerks and officers to

be appointed. Ten days ' notice to be given of the day of opening the

market . Masters of ships to give an account of the coals in their ships .

Clerks to enter the accounts . 201. penalty for delivering false accounts

or making false entries . Accounts of coals to be affixed in the market.

Coals tobe fold in the market, and within the market-hours, and not else-

where. Certain parts of acts 3 Geo. 2. c. 26. and 11 Geo. 2. c. 15. repealed . Sales of coals to be entered with the clerk of the market. Per-

fons may fell their own coals without the intervention of a factor. For

preventing false entries with the clerk of the market. Coals may be pur-

chafed at the market in quantities not less than twenty-one chaldrons.

Entries of proceedings good evidence. No meter to be appointed to a

ship until part of the coals are fold. For preventing the sale of one fort

of coals for another. Coal- meters and coal-heavers not to be unnecef-

sarily detained on board ship . For preventing alehouse- keepers acting

as coal- undertakers. How the wages of coal- heavers shall be paid.

Ship-meters to give certificates of the coals delivered in each lighter.

Lighter-man, &c. to deliver such certificate to the wharfinger, &c.

Ship- meters to keep accounts of the coals delivered by them. No frac-

tional part of five chaldrons to be delivered into any room of a barge .

Meter not to deliver coals into barges having coals in thembefore, except

into empty rooms. No gifts to be given to meters. For re- measure-

ment of coals by the vat. Carmen to carry a bushel measure in their

carts . Carmen to deliver a printed ticket to the buyer previous to the

delivery of any coals. Meters not to give certificates without actually

measuring the coals comprised therein. Carmen to measure one fack in

each load of coals if required. For preventing the putting less than three

bushels of coals into a fack. Sacks to be four feet and two inches in

length by two feet and one inch in breadth, pool-measure. Coals not to

be re- measuredunless desired by the purchaser. In what cases persons

felling coals as and for pool -measure shall be liable to a penalty. Twenty

pounds penalty on carmen driving coals away without measuring. Court

ofaldermen may make bye laws to regulate the market, to be approved

and allowed by one or more judges, and to be printed and published.

Mayor, &c. empowered to appoint committees. Persons interested not

eligible on such committees . Persons not free of the city may be em-

ployedbythecommittee. Securities to be entered in a book. Cham-

berlain tokeep accounts of receipts and disbursements. Mayor, &c . shall

lay yearly accounts before parliament. Penalties not exceeding twenty

pounds to be recovered before a justice of the peace. Penalties above

twenty pounds how to be recovered. Distress not unlawful for want of

form. Form of conviction. Appeal to quarter sessions. Plaintiffs not to

recover after tender of amends. Limitation of actions .

Publick act.

INDEX


