THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

THE

Statutes At Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761,

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1786.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo quinto

GEORGII III Regis.

Being the Second Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, and live stock, to be imported in none but British-built ships, actually belonging to British subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his Majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 5, For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third years the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States; and for continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to extend the powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty s dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

---

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and port of Faversham, the hundreds of Faverjham and Botightm^ and the several parishes of Ospringe, Seafalter, and Whitstable, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for ofte ear, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five. : r

Cap. 9. For paving, cleansing, and lighting The High Street, and other places within the town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 10. For building a new gaoj, a penitentiary house, and certain new Ircmfes of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

Cap. 11. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, so'f the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. i For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 13. For repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, in the county of 'Perth

Cap. 14.. For draining ahd pfeferving certain lowlands, within the parish bf^tlmberland, in the county of Lincoln...

Cap. 1-5. To enlarge the term and powers of several a<£ts relating to the harbour; of Liverpool; and for making two additi bnal docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool.

'Cap. 16. For faking down the present market, house, and certain other buildings, in the town of Uxbridge, for the pur pore of widening The High Street; aihd for paving the footways, and lighting and cleansing the streets and other places within the said town, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for changing the course of the road between Mercer's Bridge andhigh Bridge; and, for rebuilding the said market hopfe.

Cap. 17. To enable the house of commons to authorise the

fele<3

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from the turnpike road in Banbury, in the county of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottefbach, to the south end of Mill Field, in the parish of Lutterworth, in the county of Leicester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

i, A N act to enable William Lucas Held to take afid use the surname of Rose.

2. An acct for naturalising Charles Frederick Wiple.

3. An act for naturalising Frederick Hendrick Van Hagen.

4. An act for enclosing, and leasing or letting a certain common, and certain waste grounds, lying within the parish of Marston Montgomery, in the county of Derby, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poor's rate, and other parochial taxes of the said parish.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, common or stinted pastures, wolds, ings, sends, meadow lands, and waste grounds, within the township o(south Cave, in the east riding of the county of York.

6. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the common fields, half year, or fhack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of ajhilly in the county of Norfolk.

7. An act for naturalising Simon Tamm.

8. An act for naturalising John Andrew Be Luc.

9. An act for naturalising Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philip Dobbert. -.

10. An act to enable the right honourable George Evelyn viscount Falmouthr and others, and the guardiaiis of their issue male, to make leases of the estates in Cornwall, devised by the will of Hugh late viscount Falmouth deceased, and also to grant sets and leases of the mines therein.

11. An act for 'veiling certain estates, in the counties of Kent

and Somerset, and in the city of London, devised by the will of Thomas late earl of Leicester, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising therefrom metre purchase of other estates, situate in the county of Norfolk, ttf be settled to the same uses;;

An act for dividing and enclosing the feveraj open and common arable fields, and the down or common called Colerne Downey within the parish of Colerne, in the county of Wilts.

13. An act for dividing .and enclosing certain parts of the moors, commons, and waste lands, within the manor of Egle jlotjy in the county of Durham.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing th common fields, common meadows, heath, and waste lands, lying within the manor and parish of Meriden in the county of Warwick, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

15. An act for dividing and enclosing the several common

pastures.

A TABLE of the S TATUTES. paftiires, commons, or waste grounds, within the townfh^s ojf Wykebam, and Rujion, in the manor of Wykebam, in the orth riding of the county of York.

16. An act to enable William Pemberton esquire, and his first and other Tonnes, and their issue, to take, use, and bear the name and arms of Chide, pursuant to the will of Edward Cludde, esquire, deceased.

17. An act for vetting in trust, for Peter lord King, and his heirs, the inheritance, in see Ample, of a mefltiage, or dwelling house, in dover freet, in the county of Middlesex, devifedand limited by the will of Thomas lord King, deceased, and for settling a farm, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the uses limited by the same will.

18. An act for confirming an exchange agreed upon between the lord bishop of Hereford and the right honourable Charles lord Sommers, of certain estates in the county of Hereford.

19. An act for confirming a mortgage made by John Newnham esquire, of part of his settled estates in Sussex, pursuant to a decree of the high court of chancery, and for enabling him to make a further mortgage of his settled estates, according to such decree, and for discharging both encumbrances with the. produce of his estates vested ih trustees to be sold.

20. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement between

the warden and scholars, clerks of Saint Mary college of Winchefer, near Winchester, in the county of Southampton, an i their lessee, and Robert Pope Blachford esquire, for exchange certain grounds in the parish of Whippingham, in the Isle Wigbty and county of Southampton aforesaid,,

21. An act for vesting two tbiny sixth shares of the navigation of the river Douglas, alias Astand, in the county of lancaster, part of the settled estates of Edward Holt esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

22. An act for vesting the estates devised by the will of Anthony Wharton esquire, deceased, situate and being in the county of York, in trustees, to be sold, for payment of the debts and in,, affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus of the purchase money upon the trusts, and for the purposes, therein expressed.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain waste, or common, called Lizard Common, within the parish of Idfal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the county of Salop.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste lands called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington, otherwise frat tonne Common, and South Sea Common and Wases, in the guild able part of the parish of Portsea, and county of Southampton.

25. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields and waste lands within the manors of Kinnerley and Melver lay, in the county of Salop.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and

waste

A 'TABLE df the STATUTES.

waft within the tbwnlhips of Pickering and Ncfotirr, hi

that noi&h tiding of the bounty of yoyi.

27. An act for dividing and iiiclofing the commons, open Common fields ccfmtoon meadows, commonable lands and waste grounds, within the liberty of Holbrooke, in the parish of Dujpeld} in the county of Derby.

28. An act sot dividing and enclosing the cbmmoii fields. Common meadows, waste lands, and other commonable plates Within the pafilh of Upper Clatford, in the county of southampton

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inelofing the open and common fields, and common or waste land, within the lord Ihrp or liberty of Qfgathorpe, in the county of Leicester.

30. An act to enable John Simpson (lately called John Bridge man) esquire, and the heirs male of his bhdy, to take and use the fur name of Simpson, purfuaht to the will of William Simpson esquire, deceased, and also to bear the arms belonging to thfc family of Simpson.

31. An act for exchanging part of the settled estate of hene ge Earl of Aylesford, in the county of Kent, for another estate, of greater value, in the same county, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An act for vesting a Collage of tenement, used as and for h school house, and other hereditaments, in or near the town of Milton, in the county of Dorset, in Joseph lord Milton, and his heitfi, in lieu of, or in compensation for, a tneflbage of tene.. eht and garden, situate and being in the town of Blandford

rum, of greater value.

33. An act for vesting part of the settled estates, and such of northeast estates of the right honourable sir John Shelly, baronet, de 'eased, which, upon his death, descended to his fort sir Jotin Shelley baronet, an infant, as his heir at law, in trustees, for. the *urpofes within mentioned.

* 34. An act for better regulating the charity of John Shaftob, of Nether Warden in the county of Northumberland, clerk, deceased.

35. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the settled estates of Henry Hippijley Coxe esquire, in Sometfetshire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the tenants for life to gfant as well Ieafes of the coal mines as other leases.

36. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of John Coats esquire, in the counties of Montgomery, Salop ^ and Stafford in trustees, to be sold, for raising money for payment of debts and encumbrances affecting the same estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act to effeduate a partition of the estates of Job Hatimer esquire, the reverend Erasmus Warren clerk, and sir Thomas Charles Bunbury baronet, in the counties of Suffolk and Essex.

38. An act for vesting part of the estates of John Topp esquire,

Vol. XXV b deceafedf

C

A TABLE of the STATUTE S;

'deceased, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery in trufteev to be sold, for payment of his debts and legacies, and the costs of suit, pursuant to the directions of the court of chancery, and for discharging part of the estates so vested from a perpetual yearly rent charge, and for subjecting part of the said John Topp*$ devised estates to the payment thereof.

, 39. An act for empowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to sell such parts of the estates of Barnbarroch and Shenchan9 lying in the county of Wigtownt and stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew esquire, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts affecting either of those estates, and for vesting the remainder in fee tail to the same heirs, and under the same limitations, as are mentioned in the deed of entail thereof bearing date the twenty-ninth day of Decembery one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

40. An act for vesting the estate of Drummodie, and others', lying in the county of tvigton, in sir William Maxwell, of Mutt reith baronet, in fee simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell his heirs and assigns, in fee tail, the estate of Little Killantrae, and others lying in the same county, in lieu thereof.

41. An acf for vesting the undivided moiety of the freehold and copyhold estates of William Clarke esquire, cleceased, devised by his will for the benefit of his daughter Mary Forbes, and her issue, in trustees, for the purposes within mentioned.

42. An act to enable the honourable ivilbraham touemache% and the several other persons therein mentioned, to grant building Jeafes of certain parts of lands and hereditaments in the county palatine of Chester, (devised by the will of the right .honourable Lionel late earl of Dyfart) upon the terms and re ftri&ions therein mentioned. *

43. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of James Walwyn esquire, in the county of Hereford in the said James Walwyns in fee simple, and for settling other estates of the said James Walwyn, in the said county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

44. An act for sale of a sufficient part of the estates of Hugh Parnell, a lunatic, for payment of his debts and encumbrances, under the direction of the court of chancery.

45. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, waste grounds, and moss, within the hamlet or township of Forton, in the county of Lone after,

46. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures, ings, and other commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Dotinington upon ba\ney in the county of Lincoln,

47. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common crofts, and common meadows, .and for draining and improving certain common moors, within

the parish of Wimborne Minster, in the county of Dorset.

48. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving certain

o lands,.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

feled committee, appointed to try the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election for the county of Bedford, to proceed in case the said feled committee shall be reduced to a Iefs number than is prescribed by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his ' present.majesty, entitled. An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 18. To empower the justices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate for the county of Middlesex, to continue to hold p session of gaol delivery of Newgate, begun to be held before the eflbign day of term, and sitting of the king's bench at Wefirmnfier, notwithstanding the happening of such eflbign day, or the sitting of the said court of king's bench at weftmin/ler, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex.

Cap, 19. For appointing commifiloners to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any altauies which may exist in the same; and to. report such observations as shall .occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the bufmefstranfaded in the said offices..

Cap. 20. For appointing commissioners to put in execution in act of this session; of parliament, entitled An act for. 'grafting an aid to hislmayejiy by a land lax, to be raised in Greit Britain, for the fervke of ihe year one tkoufand seven hundred and eight*jive; .together with those named in three former acts for appointing commissioners of the land taxpand with those named; in the Jand tax act of the twenty-third year of his majesty's reign, and. in the land tax ad of this session of parliament.. L

Cap. 21. To render more effectual several acts of parliament, for erecting hofpit ah and workhauses, within the city and county .of the city of Exon, for the setter employing and maintaining the poor there 5 and to raise further sums of money for the better carrying the purposes: : the said acts into execution.

Cap. 22. For repealing so much of an act made in the last session of parliament as relates to the distillation of corn spirits in small flills, in certain counties or diftridsof the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorising the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences, to pers fohs living in the said counties or difirids, to difiil spirits from barley, beer, or; big, the growth of the said' counties; and for imposing a duty on such licences.

Cap. 23. For better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watchdog the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and'passages, within that part of the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, called The water side Division, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances, therein; and for lighting and watching certain parts of and belonging to the turnpike road leading from the east end of New Street m. Southwark to Deptford, in the county of Ketit, within the said Waterside Division of the said parish: : mentioned *

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 24. To repeal so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, as iiftpofes duties on all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained;; on licences for bleaching or dying the same.

Cap. 25. For allowing further time for the importation of goods, the produce or manufacture of the island of Tobago, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

Cap. 26. For the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland in the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. 27. For the better relief and employment of thfe poor within the hundreds of Tunjiead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 28. For opening an easy and commodious communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the country southward; and also from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty on the north, and for enabling trustees to purchase lands, houses, and areas, for thatpurpose; for widening and enlarging the streets of the said city, and certain avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the university; for enlarging the public. markets, and communications thereto; for regulating certain taxes; for lighting the said city; for providing an additional supply of water; for extending the royalty of the fajd city;, and for levying an additional sum of money for statute labour in the middle district of the county of Edinburgh

Cap. 29. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty-third year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An atf for authorising the treajurer of the navy to pay to the garrison and naval department at Gibraltar, the like bounty for dejlroying certain Spanish Jhlps of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majejlf s Ships of war taking or dejlroyr ing.ships of war belonging to the enemy.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain.

Cap. 31. For better regulating the office of the treasurer of his majesty's navy..

Cap. 32. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 33. For raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 34. For better paving, deansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for eredling a market house, and holding a public market in the said vill.

Cap. 35. Sot the more easy and effedtua! sale of lands, tenements, and hereditaments of crown debtors, or of their sureties.

Cap. 36* For building a new bridge over the haven of Great u Yarmouth 1

Cj OO^ 1c

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Yarmouth % and for enlarging the term, and altering some of the powers, of an acts of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for clearing, depth erring, repairings maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from accidents by fire.

Cap. 27. For rebuilding the bridge across the river of Ayr, at the town of Ayr. -

Cap. 38. For vesting in Edward Bancrofts dodfor in physic, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the foie property of his invention or discovery of the use and application of certain vegetables for dying, staining, printing and painting certain valuable colours, throughout that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

Cap. 39. For the better preserving and maintaining the piers and harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

Cap. 40. For more effedfually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the counties of Bedfords Huntingdon, Northampton Leicefiery Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ifie of Ely.

Cap. 41. To repeal part of an act, paflfed in thd sixth year of his present Majesty, for the relief and employment of the poor: of the pdrijh Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and other purposes in the said act mentioned; and for making new provisions for the relief and employment of the poor, for the repairs of the highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other places, in the town and parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obstructions, and encroachments therein; for enclosing certain commons or waste lands within the said parish, for the use of the poor; and to enable the vestrymen of the said parish to erect a workhouse thereon; and to purchase land for a burial ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a lane within the said parish, called Love Lane.

Cap, 42. For vesting in Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the foie use and property af a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his majesty's dominions, for a limited time.

Cap. 43. To repeal the duties on male servants; and fqr granting new duties on male and female servants.

Cap. 44. For regulating insurances on ships, and PH goods, merchandizes, or effects.

Cap. 45. For reducing the time for the imprisonment of debtors committed to prison, upon prosecutions in courts of cor science, in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court; and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of such imprisonment

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 46. For! thfe more effectual tranfportat»ot\ of felons and otheroffenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scothndy and to authorise the temoval of prisoners in certain cases.

Cap, 47. For transferring the Receipt and management of certain dutiefe therein mentioned from the commissioners of ex rise, and the commissioners of stamps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in refjtedf to the fa id duties so transferred.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on licences to be taken out by persons using or exercising the trade or buiinefs of a pawnbroker.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon licences to be taken out by coachmakers; and also certain duties upon carriages to be built for sale.

Cap. 50* For repealing an ari, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued' with respect to'the killing of game; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 51. For repealing the duties on licences taken but by persons letting horses for the purpose of travelling post, and on horses let to hire for travelling post and by time, and on stage coaches; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also additional duties oh horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

Cap. 52. For better examining and auditing the public accounts of this kingdom.

Cap. 53. For settling an annuity of nine thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like annuity payable out of the duties of four and one half per centum in Barbados and the Leeward islands.

Cap. 54. For better securing the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

Cap. 55. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by persons vending gloves or mittens; and amo certain duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail.

Cap. For more effectually preventing deceits and frauds in the manufacturing of cordage for shipping, and to prevent the illicit importation of foreign made cordage.

Cap. 57. To exempt carriages, carrying the mail, from paying tolls at any turnpike gate in Great Britain.

Cap. 58. For the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 59. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of mo * to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 60. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys ^ therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for providing

.. Hosti d by ,

A T A B L E of the ST A TU TES.

viding a compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal secretaries of iiate, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an ast, mjade in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for efablifhing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post, between Great Britain andireland.

Cap. 61. Toauthorife the lord ftemrd of the household, the lord chamberlain, the mailer of the horse, the master of the robes, and the lords of the treasury, respectively, to pay bounties granted by his Majesty, to perilous in low and indigent cir*. cumftanees.

Cap. 62. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 63. For reducing the allowances for waste on salt and rock salt; for regulating the exportation of salt to Jersey, guerri fey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the use of soul salt for manure only; for allowing a drawback on the exportation of Glauber or Epsom salts; for retraining fish curers from being dealers in salt; for regulating the exportation of herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the duties on salt; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws relating to the duties on salt.

Cap. 64. For altering and amending an al made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting to bis Mav jefiy certain duties on all gold and 'fiver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Cap. 65. For the further encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 66. To explain and amend an al made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitiiled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Cap 67, To prohibit the exportation to foreign parts, of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas.

Cap. 68. For appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 69. To repeal the duties upon flasks in which Florence wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation 'of wipes in final 1 calks for private use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an act made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, as allows the exportation of certain quaritities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies n America $ for disallowing the drawback on the exportation of snuff; for continuing the permiftion to land rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise; for

a 4 reviving

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of silk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of raw silk.

Cap. 70. To rectify a mistake in an at, passed in this present session of parliament, entitled, An act to repeal the duties on male servants;; for granting new duties on male and female servants.

Cap. 71. Forextending the time limited, by an act of this session, for delivering in navy, vidualling, and transport bills.

Cap. 72. For repealing the duties on linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and on cotton stuffs, muslins, fustians, velvets, and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton stuffs, muslins, fustians, velvets, and velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 73. To declare, that brewers selling beer or ale in less quantities than a cask, containing four gallons and a half, shall not be entitled to any allowance out of the duties of excise for waste or leakage; and for making allowances to distillers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in respect to the duties imposed by an act of the last session of parliament.

Cap. 74. For repealing the duty imposed on tea by an act passed in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the removal of tea; for directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles.

Cap. 75* To extend the provisions of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty a Jlamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings, to the registry of burials, births, and christenings of protestant dissenters from the church of England.

Cap. 76. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in Americay in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 77. To amend so much of an act, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls; and for the move effectually preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities oj London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof \ and other the places therein mentioned, as relates to manufadories of turpentine; for extending the provisions of the said act, so amended, to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, throughout that part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the proprietor of a turpentine manufadory in Fetter's Fields, in the borough

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rough of Southwark, against the penalties he may be liable to under the said act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said manufadtory from the provisions herein contained.

Cap 78. For granting to his Majesty additional duties\on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and for regulating their trade.

Cap. 79. For repealing an a made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a jiamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain per fans uttering or vending medicines; and cer tain'ft amp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his majesty letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 80. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attorneys, and others, practising in certain courts ofjustice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed of record, as therein mentioned.

Cap. 8x. For the better securing the duties payable on tobacco.

Cap. 82. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost; or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying persons who have acted as trustees of turnpike roads in certain cases, and declaring their proceedings valid.

Cap. 83. For further postponing the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 84. To limit the duration of polls and fcrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to serve in parliament for places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and, also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 85. For paving the footways in the borough of Reacting, in the county of Berks; for better repairing, cleanting, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, passages, and places, in the said borough; and for removing incroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 86. For better watching, lighting, and cleansing such parts of the precinit of Saint Catharine near the tower of London

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES. *

in the county of Middlesex, as are not included in the provisions of certain acts pasted in the Seventh and ninth years of hispre sent majesty's reign $ and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 87. For extending the Dudley canal to the Birmingham canal, at or near Tipton Green, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 88. For lighting and watching the village of Clapham, and certain roads leading thereto, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 89. For supplying the inhabitants of the parish of lam beth, and parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey with water.

Cap. 90. For the better paving, cleangng, and lighting, the Streets, lanes, ways, and pastages, within the borough of Arundel, in the county of Suffix, and for removing and preventing ipcroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 91. For taking down the market house in the borough of Bridport, in the county of Dorset, and rebuilding the same, together with a fesiion or courthouse, in a more convenient situation; for removing the Shambles, or butcher row 5 for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the said borough; for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new houses or buildings within the said borough with thatch.

Cap. 92. For draining, preserving, and improving certain low grounds and carrs in the several parrshes of Saint John in Beverley, and'of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

Cap. 93. For the removal and rebuilding of the council chamber guildhall, and gaol, of the city of New Serum $ and for ascertaining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the said city.

Cap. 94. For repairing, new pewing, feating, and erecting galleries, and making other alterations and additions in and to the parish church of Kidder minster, in the county of jvorcefter.

Cap. 95. For rebuilding the parish church of Chrijl Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the city of Brijhh, and for widening the streets adjacent thereto.

Cap. 96. For amending two acts, of the eighth and Sixteenth years of his present Majesty, for opening certain passages, and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such part of Hog Lane as lies within the liberty of Norton Falgate, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

Cap. 97. To enable the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood jlreet Compters, and to purchase certain ground and buildings within the Said city for the purpose of rebuilding the same.

Cap. 98. To enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of s certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, Situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the county of Middlesex, in exchange for the inheritance of certain buildings or barracks, and land adjoining thereto, and also of certain ground contiguous to Tin

mouth

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mouth Gaflle, in the county of Northumberland, belonging to the duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other compensation as shall be a full consideration for the same; and also to empower the said duke to make such exchange.

Cap. 99. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to The Mersey, and the company of proprietors of the navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a navigable canal from the said Trent and Mersey navigation, on Fradley Heathy in the county of Stafford, to Faze lay, in the said county; and for confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the Coventry, canal navigation companies.

Cap. 100. For amending and improving the navigation of the river Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the parish of Houghton, in the county of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the parifil of Wifborough Green in the said county; and for continuing and extending the navigation of the said river Arun, from the said wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the parishes of Pulborough and Wifborough Green, in the said county of Sussex.

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 101. For continuing the term and powers of ana6b, made in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, for re pairing several roads leading from The buck's Head, at Wattling Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Poll in the parifk of Kemberton, in the county of Salop, and for making' the same more effectual.

Cap. 102. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act made in the seventh year, of his present majesty's reign, to repair and widen the roads from Whitchurch, in the county of Salop, to the turnpike road between Nantwich, in the county 0/chester, and newcastle under lyne; and from Hijnftock to Nantwich aforesaid.

Cap. 103. For continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the towns ^srnarden and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from A (h ford to Faverlham, at a place called Bound Gate.

Cap. 104. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, entitled. An act for amending and widening the road from Tinfley, in the county of York, to the town 0/doncaster, in the said county.

Cap. 105. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, entitled, An act for amending and widening the road from the foath end of the town of Rotherham, in the county of York, to the present turnpike road near Pleafley, in the county of Derby; and also the road ftomth e nor ft) end of the said town of Rotherham, into the present turnpike road on the cqfi side 0/tankerfley Psirk, in the said

county

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

county of York, so far as the same relates to the road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the turnpike road near Pleajley aforesaid.

Cap. 106. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an ar, passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called Nightingales, in the townftnp of Heath Charnock, to the bridge at the west end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine 0/lancafter.

'Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of an al, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act sot repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 108. For continuing the term of an at, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from Callington, in the county of Cornwall;) and for widening and repairing the road leading from Bujhfordftto beaps Mill, in the parish of Stoke Climstand; and also .the road from Penterfcross, in the parish of Pillaton, to a place called The Fighting Cockst in the parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said county.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an at of the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Horfham to the top oft Beading Hill, and from Steyning to the top of Steyning Hill, in the county tf/'sussex.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an af, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing and widening the road from Beverley to Kexby bridge, in the county of York.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an al, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Baxter Gate, in the town Whitby, to the south end ^lockton Lane, in the parish 0/" Middleton, in the county of York.

Cap. ^12. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acis of the second and ninth years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rpads from the White Post on hafelden's Wood, in the parish 0/cranbrook, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same parish, to caftleden's Oak, in the parish of Biddenden; and from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 113. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, for repair ing and widening the roads from Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicester, to the guide post in Saint margaret's Field, Leicester; and, from the town of Leicester to the town of Lutterworth, in the said county; and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term and powers of an ai, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amend

n T H

H osted by vj O 1c

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing and widening the roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the county 0/* Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same county.

Cap. 115. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the gibbet or Lutterworth Hand on the Wattling Street Road, through the parishes of Churchover9 Brownfoyer, new bold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the county of Warwick, to the turnpike road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said county, at or near a public-house known by the sign of the coc&j in the said pari fh of Bilton.

Cap. 116. For amending and keeping in repair the road leading from Ipswich to South Town; and from the said road at Beech Lane, in the parish of Darjbam9 to Bungay in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 117. For more effectually repairing the roads leading from The Stones End in Blackman Street, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, to Higligate, in the County of Suffix, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stociwell9 to Brixton Gaufeway; and from Newington to the east end of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the county of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several acts, now in force, as relates to the said roads; and for repairing the road from Highgate aforesaid, to Wiicbcrof$9 in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 118. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the eighth yiear of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from the town of bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the turnpike road at Weftbury, and from Brockton to the turnpike road at Minfterley, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Salop and Montgomery.

Cap. 119, For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bideford, in the coitniy of Devon.

Cap. 120. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from scott's Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, byjr through the villages of Langholm, and Hawick, to Haremofs in the county 0/* Roxburgh.

Cap: 121. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for widening and repairing the road leading from Afhborne, in the county of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present turnpike road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 122. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, An

aft

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, fevetal reads leading from the town of Cardiff, and several other towns and place in the county of Glamorgan;) and for making, altering, repairing, and widening certain other roads within the said county.

. Cap. 123. To enlarge the term and powers of an 36i passed in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from the high bridge in Spalding, to a certain place called Tydd Goat, in the county of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said county

Cap. 124. For amending and keeping in repair, the road from Whitechapel Churchy in the county of Middlesex, to Shenr field, and the furthermost part of the parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the causeway, in the parish of Low Layton, to the end of the said parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the county of Essex and for lighting and watching the said road from Whitechapel Church to the four mile Hones in the Rumford and Woodford roads.

Cap. 125. For amending the roads from a place called biff's Elm, in the Tewkesbury turnpike road, through Cheltenham, to Eldon Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the road from Cirencester to Gloucester; and from the market, house in Cheltenham to the Burfoyd turnpike road at a place called pewf don Act); and from Cheltenham to the road from Gloucester to London, at or near a house called Kilkenney; and from the direction post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painfwick, and at a house called The Harrow, all in the county of Gloucester,

Cap, 126. For enlarging the term and powers of an at, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the end of Stan bridge Lane, near a barn, in the parish ^romfey, to the turnpike road at Mid * die Wallop; and from the turnpike road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid9 and Great Bridge, to the turnpike road at Stockbridge; and from the garden of Henry Hat tat at Awbridge, to the garden wall of Denys Roll esquire, at East T qderley 5 and from lock erley mill sir earn to East Dean gate; and from the said garden wall to the turnpike road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the county of Southampton, to Salisbury. ^

Cap. 127. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the tenth year of his present majesty's reign, for amending tk& road from Aylesbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Benfingr tonne j«<i, shulingford, in the county of Oxford; and for amending the road from the turnpike road at Thame, to the Oxford turnpike road between Pofijcomb and Tetfworth, in the said county of Oxford.

Cap. 128. To enlarge the term, and explain and amend the powers, of an at passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the road

from

i

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lands, grounds, carrs, and common pastures, in Woodmanfey, Thearne, Weal, and Skidby, all in the parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing an open wade, or common, in the parish of Sidlesham, in the county of Suffix.

50. An a d for dividing and enclosing a certain open trad of land called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the west rf ding of the county of York.

51. An act for naturalising William Henry Collignon.

52. An act for naturalising Barnard Levi.

53. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parish of Landegai, in the county of Carnarvon, belonging to the trustees of the free school of Beaumaris, in the right honourable Richard lord Penrhyn, of the kingdom of ire land, and his heirs, upon certain terms and conditions therein mentioned.

54. An act for vesting a fee farm rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett esquire, and Martha his wife, in the county of Bedford, comprised in a settlement made upon their marriage, in trustees, to be sold, for the purposes in the ad mentioned; and for vesting other parts of their settled estates, situate in the county of Kent, for the separate use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other uses, the same as in the former settlements thereof.

55. An act to enable Elizabeth ojborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their heirs or assigns, to convey certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Clehonger, in the county of Hereford, and which are now sobbed to the trusts of the will of the late John Smith esquire, in exchange for other lands in the same county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, upon the trusts of the said will of the said John Smith.

56. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common Jands and grounds within the several parishes of Foffont, swal lowclift, Ebefborne, Wale, Broadchalk, Bower chalk, Alvedejlon, Bishopjlon, and Fifield, in the county of Wilts.

57. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arablfe fields, ings, or pasture grounds, and common, within the township of Kilnwick, in the parish of Kilnwick, in the east riding of the county of York.

58. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Inglis esquire, with Ann Stewart his now wife, and to enable him to marry gain, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act to enable John Schrieber esquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Lateward\

60. An act for naturalising Charles Imhojf.

6*. An act for naturalising Hermann Graumann«

Tbt Eni^ the TABLES.

Jay L ioo^ic

., L

...... '

" .1... '..4 >

* e: |

... " '<', 6;.

' ‘ ^;

'- / * sbr: .\ '. *

\ > cg;

A

T A B L E

O F T H E

S T A TUT E S

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed Anna vice/mo Jexto

GEORGII III

Being the Third Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. i. Try OR confining, for a limited time, the trade between JP the ports of the United States of America, and his majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, to be imported in none but Bri tijh built ships, actually belonging to British subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

Cap. 2. To continue an acct, made in the Raft session of parliament entitled. An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, V

Cap. 4. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Ma, jetty, entitled. An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America i and to give to his Mqjofly, for a limited time, certain powers

a a for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty s dominions and the inhabitants of the said United States; and for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to extend the powers of an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce. between the subjects of his Majesty s dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

Cap. 5. To regulate the exportation of hops to Ireland.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. To enable the persons therein named to provide proper places on shore for the reception of the crew of the Voorberg Dutch Eafi Indiaman, forced by stress of weather into the port of Dartmouth.

Cap. 9. To explain and amend an act of the Raft session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on Jhops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the juries granted by the said act, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 10. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 11. For enlarging the term of several acts of parliament, for the repair of Dover harbour.

Cap. 12. For opening, making, widening, and altering certain streets, pastages, and places within, the town of Liverpool in the county palatine of Lane after; for supplying.the said town with frefti and wholesome water; for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; for appointing additional market places, and for extending so much of the powers of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, as relates to hac^qey coaclimen, chairmen, carters, and porters, to a certain distance beyond the liberties of the said town.

Cap, 13. To continue and render more effectual.so much of an at, passed in the twenty sevenfh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as imposes a, duty on ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

Cap. 14. To prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of copls, sold by wharf measure, within the several parifties lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the pounty of Surrey.

Cap. 15. For augmenting and kfeertaining the income of the l*eftors of the parish church and parochial chapel of Liverpool.

Cap, 16. To explain and amend certain provisions of an act,

'y made

A TABLE of the ST A TUTES.

made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present mi jesty, respecting the better regulation and management of the affairs of the.east India company. -

Cap. 17. For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places, within the town of Tewkesbury, and the precincts thereof, in the county of Gloucejier; for the removal of present, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for regulating carts and other carriages, and ascertaining the rates of carriage; and for widening some part of the street called Church Street, within the said town.

Cap. 18. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Deal, and the parifties of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourn, Great Mongehamy Little Monger hamy Tilmanjlone, Betjhanger, Ham and Sholden, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 19. To amend and render more effectual two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for evening a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth, in the coyp.fy of Devon; and for setting the poor ort work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon 5 and for applying for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus moneys which have formerly arisen by the assessment for raiftng the land tax in the said town and for granting further power to the guardians of the poor of the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 20. To amend, and render effectual, two acts, of the ninth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 21. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Dumbarton.

Cap. 22. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and port of Sandwich, and vill of Ramsgate, and the parishes of Minfer and Saint Lawrence, in the isle oftkarietj Walmef ajh next Sandwich, Eaftry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnejlone next Wingham, Chittenden Nonnington, Woodnefborough other wise Winjborow, Eythorne, Word other wise worthelm ejlone, Prefion next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 23. For the appointment of an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the parish of Weftury, ir the county of Wilts.

Cap. 24. For building a new gaol and house of correction foe' the county of Salop, and the several boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchises, and places within the same; and for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for building a new Shire hall and guildhall for the county of Salop and the town ^ Shrewf

a 3 bury.

* Joogk

'A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

bury, in the said county 5 and for the other purposes therein men ticned.

Cap. 2*5. For obviating all doubts which have arisen, or might atife, with respect to the exclusive power of the court of directors of the east-india company to nominate and appoint the governor-general and council of the presidency offort William in Bengal.

Cap. 26. To amend arid render mqre effectual the several laws now in force for encouraging the fifherles carried on at Newfoundland, and parts? adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe \ and for granting bounties, for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions.

Cap. 27. For authoring the lord chief baron, and remanent barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated monqy arising from the forfeited and lately annexed estates in Scotland, to pay a certain sum to the society in Scotland for propagating christian knowledge, for the purposes, and under the conditions therein mentioned.

Cap. 28. For providing a proper workhouse, and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Romford, in the liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the county of Ejfex.

Cap. 29. To enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse within the town and port of Margate, in the isle of Thanet, in the county of jkent, under certain restrictions therein limited.

Cap. 30. To enable the company of proprietors of the Coventry canal navigation to complete the said canal to Fradley Heath in the county of Stafford > and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For veiling certain sums in commissioners, at the, end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the redu6lion of the national debt.

Cap. 32. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exr chequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 33. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 34. For altering the days of payment of the long annuities, and annuities for thirty and twenty-nine years.

Cap. 35. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the last: session of parliament, entitled, 'An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act, passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, CC An €i act for authorising. the treasurer of the navy to pay to the garrison

and naval department at Qibralter, the like bounty for destroying CC certain Spanish Ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men "on board any of his Majesty s Ships of war taking or defraying u Ships of wdr belonging to the enemyi9

Cap. 36. To explain an act, made in the last fefliop of parliament, with repeat to the allowances to be made for waste on the exportation of white salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for limiting the quantity of British refined sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an act, made i; i the seventh year of the reign of his prefeot Majesty, entitled. An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheats barley, oats, meal, and flour, mthorifed by an act made in this session to be transported to the Jaii island', as relates to permitting any person to import into the Isle of Man fish from any place whatever, except from Great Britain, without payment of any custom or other duty whatsoever.

Cap. 37. For laying a toll upon all horses and carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the money to arise thereby towards increasing the fund for yvatching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said bridge.

Cap. 38. For regulating the time of the imprisonment of debtors imprisoned by process from courts instituted for the recovery of small debts; for abolishing the claim of fees of gaolers, and others, in the cases of such imprisonment; and for ascertaining the qualifications of the commiflidners.

Cap. 39. For widening, enlarging, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and other public places, and for opening new streets markets, and passages, within the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and fox regulating the public markets, and common stage wagons, drays, and carts, carrying goods for hire.

Cap. 40. For regulating the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of goods.

Cap. 41. For the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Straights.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon, battens and deals imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 43. To continue and render more effectual an al passed in the twenty first year of his majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 44. For the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in theacst, to makechf eovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 45. To continue and amend an a, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the encouragement of the pilchardfishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 46, For augmenting and fixing the salaries of the lords

a 4 of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

bf session, lords commissioners of judiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland

Cap. 47. For discharging the payment of sentence money, and other fees of court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the payment of, sentence money to the judges of the commissary court in edinburgh; for granting salaries to the judges of the said courts in lieu thereof and for regulating the nomination of the said a judges.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the revenue the sums granted out of the same, in this session of parliament, towards the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commissary court of Edinburgh.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty certain damp duties on perfumery, hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned; and on licences to be taken out by persons uttering or vending the fapie. * ^

Cap. 50. For the encouragement of the fouthem whale fiflhery.

Cap. 51. For better securing the duties on darch, and for pre.. frauds on the said duties.

Cap. 52. For the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and for the ease of the fair trader; for discontinuing the discount upon payment on bonds before due, \/ and establishing the duty to be paid upon tabacco of the growth of the British plantations, and the United States of America.

Cap. 53, To continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval dores from the British colonies in America; to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth; and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his majesty's sugar coionics, directly to foreign, parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of ghiebec in America; to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom; to the repealing the duties upon pot and pearl allies, wood and weed allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; to the regidering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and to the.. effectually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, shipped as dores, to.be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages;

and

A T abte of the STATUTES.

and to the granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp and rough and undressed flax from his majesty's colonies in America.

Cap. 54. For continuing the salaries and profits of the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the stamp office rateable to the land tax, in Shire Lane ward, within the division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of 1

Westminster, notwithstanding the said office (hold be removed into any other division or place.

Cap. 55- To enable the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex to raise money, in manner therein mentioned, for erecting a house of correction within the said county.

Cap 56. For obliging overseers of the poor to make returns, upon oath, to certain questions specified therein, relative to the state of the poor.

Cap. 57. For the further regulation of the trial of persons accused of certain offences committed in the East Indies; for repealing so much of an acct, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for the letter regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india company, and of the British possesstons in India, and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and esse final trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies), as requires the servants of the Eafi India company to deliver inventories of their estates and effects; for rendering the laws more effectual against persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies \ and for the more easy proof, in certain cases, of deeds and writings executed in Great Britain or India.

Cap. 58. For procuring, upon oath, returns of all charitable donations, for the benefit of poor persons, in the several parifties and places within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 59. For repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 60. For the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation.

Cap. 61. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 62. To enable the east-india company to raise money by a sale of annuities, and by increnfing their capital flock.

Cap. 63. For the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances,

lue for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his majesty's ships.

Cap. 64. To discontinue, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, waft), and other liquors, there used in the distillation of

spirits;

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

65. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

. Cap. 66. For appointing commissioners further tp inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

Cap. 67. For appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take,, and (late the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 68. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 69. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 70. To rectify a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Jum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 71. For regulating houses, and other places, kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

Cap. 72. For explaining and amending an a, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

Cap. 73. To discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

Cap. 74. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon sweets, and for ascertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in sweets.

Cap. 75. For appointing commissioners to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to " the King of Spain.

Cap. 76.

A T A B L E of the STATUTE S.

Cap, 76; For repealing so much of two acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty first years of the reign of his present majesty, as prohibits the exportation of wool cards of a limited price.

Cap. 77. To limit a time for the repayment of the duties bn male fervantsand carriages by the commissioners of excise; and also on horses, wagons, warns, and carts, by the commissioners of stamps; and for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 78, For better securing the duties on paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain

Cap. 79. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act mafie in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commijfmers of excise9 and the commissioners of jiampsy respectivetyi to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes y ' and also for making further provifms in respect to the said duties so transferred; and for making certain provisions respecting oaths to beadministered by the commissioners for the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under their management.

Cap. 80. For further continuing certain acts therein mentioned, relating to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise;; to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 81. For the more effectual encouragement of the bru tijh fiffieries.

Cap. 82. For the more effectually carrying into execution the laws relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing certain llamp duties on policies for insuring property in any foreign kingdom or state from loss by fire.

Cap. 83. To explain and amend an act, passed in the seventfi year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure within the city of London and the liberties thereof \ and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex,

Cap. 84. To empower the archhifhop of Canterbury, or the archbishop of York for the time being, to consecrate to.the office of a biftiop, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his majesty's dominions.

Cap. 85. To revive, continue, and amend so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for allowing a bounty on the exportation fl/'british made cordage, and for discontinuing the draivbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.

Cap. 86. To explain and amend an act, made in the seventh year of his late majesty's reign, entitled. An act to settle how

nfar t

-.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.'

far owners of Ships hail be anfwerdble for the acts of the maflert or mariners; and for giving a further relief to the owners of ships.

Cap. 87. For appointing commissioners to inquire into the state and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee-farm, and other unirhproveable rents.

Cap. 88. For settling and securing a certain annuity for the life of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and though mas Carlton, fons of the said sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty, and this country.

Cap. 89. To explain, amend, and extend to other tools and utensils, an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prohibit the exportation to foreign parts of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and Jleel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the educing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas.

Cap. 90. For repealing so much of an act, passed in the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An CCL for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber tfrepfom salts; and also on mineral alkali, or flux for glass, made from salt; and to prevent frauds in the duties on soul salt to be used in manuring of lands, as relates to the obtaining rock salt or salt rock, or brine, or seawater, for the purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, duty free.

Cap. 91. For making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for'regulating mad houses.

Cap. 92. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of hts present majesty King George the Third, to explain, amende and render more ejfeduau an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, "An act for the more effectual pii ni/hment of persons who Shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning if goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses by journeymen labourers, servants, and apprenticesf so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods, and for the easy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 93. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook ivatfon esquire, late commifiary general in North ame rica in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

Cap. 94. For making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his majesty's gunpowder works and mills, near the town of Faversham; and for the better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Portsmouth and

Plymouth,

cjoo^ 1c

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

Plymouth, in pursuance of as of parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty fourth'years of his present majesty's reign $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 95. For enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners, and other persons, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 96. To provide that the proceedings now depending in the house of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanours, which have been exhibited against Warren Ha flings choir, late governor-general of Fort William in Bengali shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

Cap. 97. For raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 98. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes 5 and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 99. To ascertain the fees to be taken by the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, on the issues of money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the payment of certain pensions at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

Cap. 100. To prevent occasional inhabitants from voting in the.election of members to serve in parliament, for cities and boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

Cap. 101. For erecting certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

Cap. 102. For enlarging the term and powers of an a, passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, for itn powering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, sir eels, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain tolls on Sundays upon the several roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the purposes of the said acts.

Cap. 103. For affefling the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the office for victualling his majesty's navy, for their salaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the manor of East S mi; hfield, in the Tower Divifm, in the county of Middlesex, notwithstanding the removal of the said office into any other division or place.

Cap. 104.

A TABLE of the STATUTES..

Cap. 104. For allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in smelting, copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines within the Isle of Angle fey, ‘.

Cap. 105. For continuing the Salaries and profits of the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the pay office and navy office respectively, rateably to the land tax, in the wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the city of London, notwithstanding the said offices (hold be removed into any other division or place.

Cap. 106. For incorporating certain persons therein named, by the name and (tile of The British Society for extending the fifhe ties, and improving ihe sea coajls of this kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a joint flock, and therewith to purchase lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fiftiing stations, in the highlands and islands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other purposes.

Cap. 167. For amending, and reducing into one at of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 108. For explaining, amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the several aits passed for more effeitually preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster .adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le. Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Cap,. 109. For incorporating the members of a society to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful designs; and for levying certain duties from (hipmasters and others, for that purpose.

Cap. no. For supplying North Shields, and the shipping referring thereto, with water..

Cap. 111. To amend and render more effeilual an a made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and wetting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and passages leading thereto and for building another bridge over some other part of the said river, within the said city (if necessary;; for opening proper ways and passages thereto; and for making a way from the bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said city..

Cap. 112. For raising a competent sum of money to defray the expense of a proper number of watchmen, patrols, and beadles, within the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the city of Westminster.

Cap. 113. For widening several streets in the city of edinburgh \ opening a communication from Queen's Street to

Broughton

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Broughton Loans for enlarging the burial ground; and for ex tending the royalty of the said city over part of the lands of Broughton.

Cap. 114. For ascertaining and eolledfing the poor's rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the poor, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 115. For providing a proper workhouse, and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Barkings in the county pf ejsex; and for regulating the common wharf within the town f Barking,

Cap. 116.-for paving the footways and passages in the town of Cheltenham, in the county of Gloucejiers and for better cleansing and lighting the said town 5 for taking down certain old buildings now landing therein; and for removing and preventing other encroachments nuisances, and annoyances.

Cap. 117. For pulling down and rebuilding the church of All Saints in the town of newcajue upon Tyand fr enlarging the churchyard, and making convenient avenues and passages thereto.

Cap. 118. For the more jeafy and speedy recovery of final! debts within the town and port of Folkestone, and the parities of Folkejione^ Cheriton, Newington next Hiihe, Stanford, pojuing, Lyminge9 Elham, Paddlefworth, aeri^swingfields and Hawkinge* in the county of Kent.

Cap. 119. For paving, repairing, clearising, lighting, and Watching, the streets, lanes * Ways passages, and places, within the borough of Newport, in The Isle of Wight; and for the removal of present, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuifartoes, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 120. For paving, cleansing, 'lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public paifeges and places, within the manor of Southwark otherwise called The Clinks br Bishop of Winchefers Liberty, in the parish of Saint savioursouthwark, in the county of Surrey, tor the removal of present, and preventing of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for laying out two new streets, and widening and regulating several other of the streets and passages within the said liberty; for discontinuing the passage through Globe Alley; and for (hutting up in the night time the way leading from Clink Street 1 in the fid liberty, to the river side

Cap. 12i. For appointing commissionefs for putting in execution an al of this session of parliament, entitled. An off for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, * to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and iigbty ftx\

PUBLIC ACTS not prihted in this Collection;

ap. 122. For continuing the term of an a, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, for amending widening alter' ini>

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing9 clearing and keeping in repair, severed roads leading from the market cross, in the town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the county of Dorset.

f Cap. 123. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty for repairings widening, and keeping in repairs several roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 124. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from crom ford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near rlangley Mill, in the saidcounty.

Cap. 125. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Worksop, in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Gateforth, Anfton, Afton, Handfworth, and Darnall, to the north east end of atterclisse, in the county of York, where the same joins the turnpike road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

Cap. 126. For more effectually repairing the road from Lt verpool to Prefon, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from The Little Bridge, over the end of the drain next Wifbeach River, lying between roper's Fields and The Bell Inn, in Wifbeach, in the Isle of lily, to thefign of The Bear, in Walfoken, in the county Norfolk;; from Walfoken Bridge, lying over the same drains to the said sign e/the Bear, and to lord's Bridge, in Islington; and from thence to the west ends 0/* Maudlin Bridge and german's Bridge in the'eounty of Norfolk 3 and from the east end ^german's Bridge aforesaids to the west end of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the borough of king's Lynn, in the said county 0/" Norfolk $ and from Islington afore]aids ig Cross Keys Wash, in the said county.

Cap. 128. For continuing the t^rm, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairings widening, and keeping in repairs several roads in and near Great Torrington, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 129. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repdiring and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmin in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 130. For mere effectually repairing the road from The Black Bull Inns in Dunfiabks in. the county of Bedford to the way turning out of the said road up to Shefford House in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 131. For making, widening, and keeping in repair, certain roads in the several parishes of Lambcthy Newington Saint George Southwark, Bermondfejs and Chriff Churchy m th pou.uy 01 Surrey y and for watching.and lighting the coads^

Cap, 1

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap, 132. For enlarging the term of two acts, of the fifth land ninth years of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the roads from Wat's Grass to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurfi Hatch Comer y and from Penjhurft town to Southborough, in the county of Kent.

Cap, 133. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the fifth and seventh years of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the town of Wisbech Saint peter's, in the Ifie of Ely, and Other places in the said acts mentioned.

- Cap. 134. For enlarging the term of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the turnpike road at kipping's Cross, in the parish /'brerich lay, in the county of Kent, through the parishes of Brerichley, Hprfmonfden, and Goudhurst, by the left hand side ofldien Green, to the turnpike road on Wilfley Green, in the parish of Craribrboke; and from a place near Goudhurft Gore, through the parish marden, to Style Bridge, in the said parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to wanfhutt's Green, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 135. For amending and Widening several roads leading from and through the town of Wivelifcombe, in the county Of Somerset, and other roads adjoining Or near thereto.

Cap. 136. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing and widening fiveral roads lead ing from the port town and borough of Minehead, and from Drafter and Watchet, in the county 0/somerfet.

Cap. 137. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a place called The Upper Sand Erid, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the parish (Irby, in the county (/'lincoln.

Cap. 138. For enlarging the term and poweivof aft raft, n^de in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, and also of two acts, made, one m the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and the other fh the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second. fb far as the said two acts relate to the road from Spktkgate Hill to Fojton Bridge, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 139. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Flooierjbmk Bridge, within the towftfitip of new tcm, x\tox Cbefier, to the South end of whderfpool Canfewdy, and from the market town Of Frodjbm to Ajbion Ldhe End, ih ffife township of Ajbun, ih the county Of Chester.

Cap. 140. For continuing and amending an act Of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for cmetnlfng and twidening the toad firm the sign of ihe Coach and Horses in Bfrftall* to the tvrdpik road at n^brdok, mifrefa Bradley Dane to the townof hi&derf ifcm, in the west riding of the countyof York.

Voi. XXXV b Cap. 141.

L

: A TABLE of the STATUTES.

. Cap. 141. fpt enlarging the term and powers; of so much of an passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present majesty kingxseorge the Third, entitled. An act for repairing and yvidet^ng foads fromb&vytxy Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the county Lincoln;; from North win lingbnorth end. of the lane betwixt dexthorpej^ii Lilngton; and from West Raisin? /<? Bridge; and from the great road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the, hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and from Hexey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the said county of Lincoln, as r^tes to the first and second districts of roads, therein defer i bed;

Cap. 142. For enlarging the term and powers, of an ail, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road, from the north end of Old Mahon Gate, in the town and borough of New Malton, to the town Pickering, in the county of York.

Cap. 143. To continue the term of two acts, made in the thirteenth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road between Hocklisse, in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the county >0/ Buckingham. 1

Cap. 144. For continuing the term, and altering and enlacing the powers, of an ait, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the city ofyoxky by Griinfton Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimfton Smithy aforesaid to a certain gate at the upper end of Garraby Hill, in the county of York.

Cfip. 145. For continuing the term of an ait, of the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenterden, to and over.bull Green, and tp and through the town of Great Chart, to a house known by the ftgn of thecastle, at the entrance of the town of Ashford, in the county of Kent; and. also the road leading frotflj&m Gxttxu aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Daflunanden, jn the parish of Biddenden, in the said county of Kent.

Cap, 146. For enlarging the term and powers of an ait, passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the road from Barton Waterside House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and several other roads in the county of Lincoln therein mentioned', and for repairing and .widening the road from the Old Bridge, in the town of Briggs in the said county, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said town; and also the road, from the end of the said turnpike, road at Caijlor, in the said county of Lincoln, to the Sjiuth Gate, in the said town of Caifior.. ./)

Cap 147 To enlarge the term and powers of two ails, made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Secondhand the fixthyear of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the

.. ..., m

» t...., f J.

\

Googfe'

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

road from God ft one, in the county o/surrey, to Higligate, in the parifly of East Grinstead,, /# the county of Sussex;

; 148. For enlarging the term: and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reigns for repairings widening, and keeping in repair * the hadfrom Welford Bridge in the county Northampton, through husband's Bofwonh and Great Wigfton, to Million Lane, in the town of Leicester

- 149. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Brimington and Chesterfield in the county of Derby over the High Moors, to the several places therein mentioned.

Cap. 150. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty repairing widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leadingfrom Kidwelly* in the county of Carmarthen, and also several roads leading front Llandilo, in the said county, so far as relates to the Llandilo dif * rrid of the said roads, and for amending and keeping in repair several other roads in the said county.

Cap. 151. For making, repairing and widening the road froth Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfretbn, to Tibjhelf in the same county, and also a branch from the same road at or near Shirland Logde, to High dm, in thefamefcounty.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twelfth and thirty first years of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, 'to Work fop, in the county Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate td the road from Chesterfield to Worksop.

Cap, 153/for enlarging the termand powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the bottom of Church Lane in the town Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Woor to Chester, near the town of Namptwich, in the county of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley* to Ghorfty Hill.

Cap. 154. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, pated in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge, to Maidstone, and from wat's Cross to Cowden, in the county of Kent, so far as the same relate to the road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

Cap. 155^ To enlarge the term and powers of an act, parted in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the road from Selby, to Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 156. To enlarge the term and alter the powers of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the quay at Lymington, in the county Southampton -

157. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of '. b 2 th

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parishes of Horfmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farky Street, in the aid comity of Kent.

Cap, 258. To continue the term and powers of an act, made in the .fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the road leading from the river at Swathling* through Botleyy to the turnpike road at Sherrill Heathy in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 159. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and, powers of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of jiis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from a certain bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence to the south end of the town of Morcot, in the county 0/* Rutland.

Cap, 160. For more efleftually repairing and keeping in repair, so much of the road from the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the city of Carlijle, as is within the county of Northumberland.

.. 1..

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. AN act for naturalising Louis Weltje and Alexander von Mayerfbach.

2. An act for naturalising Andreas Emmerich.

. 3. An act for naturalising John Henry Cbrijlopherfon.

4. An act for naturalising John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the borough or town ship of g\itberoe% in the county palatine of Lancaster.

6. An act to enable Cornelius Salvidgey (now called Cornelius Tutton), and the heirs of his body, *0 take the surname of Tut tony pursuant to the will of Samuel Tutton esquire, deceased.

7. An act for naturalising John Conrad Meyer.

8. An act for naturalising John Peter Richard and George Christian Mattbieffen.

9. An act for naturalising Gujlaf Hederfledt.

10. An act to enable the right honourable Francis lord Duciey and his issue, to take the surname of Moretony and to bear and use the arms of honour of the right honourable Matthew lord Duciey deceased, pursuant to the will of the said Matthew lord Lucie.

11. An act for vesting the settled estate of Stephen Trefi\ iti the county of Suffix, in trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an agreement for the sale thereof, and for laying out the money in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled ip the like uses.

12. All

A T A B L E of the STATUTES.

12. An act for dividing and inclofit^ Oeriain common fields common meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands, within the hamlet of Shottery, in the parishof Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

13. An act for dividing and enclosing certain, open and common fields, common meadows and pastures, and common able or waste lands, within the parish of Oddington, in the county of Ghucejier.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing several parcels of waste grounds within the manors, of Narberib, Templeton, Mollejlon^ and Robejione Wathan, in the pariqies of Narberib and Rohcjione wa than, in the county of Pembroke.

15. An act for dividing, enclosing, and allotting certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the parish of jvejl Pennard, in the county of Somerset.

16. An act to enable George Tajburgh esquire (lately called George Crathorne) and his heirs male, to take and bear the surname and arms of Tajburgb only, pursuant to the will, and also to a certain settlement made by George Tajburgb esquire, deceased.

17. An act for vesting part of the deviled estate of Robert Bijbopp, deceased, in the county of Surreyy in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising from the sale in the purchase of another estate, to be settled to the same uses.

18. An act to enable the vicar of the parish and parish church

of Sheffield, in the county of York, to grant leases of the glebe land, and other wise improve the estate belonging to the fa id vicarage, V

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons.and waste grounds within the manors of Crick and Soutbwingfield, in the county of Derby.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing the several common fields, common downs, common pastures, and other common able places, in the several parishes of Upper Wallop, Hurjbourn Pryors, and Tuft on, in the county of Southampton.

21. An act tor dividing and enclosing certain open and common fields, a common meadow and common pasture, and commonable lands, within the parish of Bray, in the county of Berks.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Tichwell, in the county of Norfolk.

23* An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, within the parish of Harrington, in the county of Worcejier.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, common fields, wastes, and other commonable*lands and grounds, within the manor and parish of Metbley, in the county of York.

25. An act to effeftuate and establish an exchange between the right honourable Henry Frederick lord Carteret, and his trustees, with the matter, fellows, and scholars of the college of the lady

e Frances

A'TABLE of the STATUTES. *

Prances Sidney Sussex, in the university of Cambridge, of the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of Saint Mary Week otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the county of Cornwall, for the advowson arid right of patronage of and to the vicarage of Wiljhamjlead otherwise Wilstead, in the county of Bedford.

26. An act for vesting certain estates in the county of Nottingham, intailed by the will of the right honourable Henry William Arundell viscount Gallway, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising therefrom in the purchase of estates situate in the west riding of the county of York, to be settled to the same uses.

27. An act for vesting part of the estates, in the town and county of Southampton, devised by the will of Benjamin Barlow deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the purchase money in another estate, to be settled, in lien thereof, to the same uses.

28. An act for dividing arid enclosing a common, and certain other open grounds, in the township and parish of Moor monk ion, in the county of the city of York.

29. An act for dividing and allotting certain commonable

grounds, or waste woodlands, in the township of Atherjlone, in the county of Warwick. -

30. An act for dividing, enclosing, and exchanging the open fields and other lands and grounds within the parish of Ravdey, in the county of Huntingdon.

31. An act for dividing and enclosing the several common pastures, commons, or waste grounds, within the parishes of Sinnington with Marton and Edjlone, in. the north riding of the county of York.

32. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste lands within the manor of ajlon otherwise ajion Abbotts, in the county of Salop.

33. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Denys Roll and John Roll, esquires, in trustees, upon trust, to sell the same, and to purchase estates contiguous to the principal estates of the said Denys Roll and John Roll, to be settled to the uses of the estates veiled in trustees for sale.

34. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, tinted pasture, ings, commons, waste lands, and grounds, in the townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the parish of Womerfley, in the west riding of the county of York.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Wejlon upon Trent, in the county of Derby.

36. An act for enabling the right honourable Charles Philip lord Stourton, and the right honourable Mary lady Stourton, his wife, the right honourable Hugh lord Clifford, and the right honourable Appolonia lady Clifford, his wife, and Robert Butler esquire, and the honourable Elizabeth Butler, his wife, to charge

tlieij

; A TABLE of the STATUTES.

their estates at Holme, in the east riding of the county of Torlf with a competent sum of money for the purpose of improving the same, and also to grant building and other leases of the said .estates, and of their other estates in the counties of York and Stafford.

37. An act to enable the surviving parties to certain articles of agreement made previous to the marriage of the honourable John Darner, deceased, with the honourable Atm Seymour Conway (now Ann Darner, widow) to insert in the settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said articles proper powers for raising the sum of forty thousand pounds for the purposes in the said articles mentioned.

38. An act for rectifying mistakes in the marriage settlement pf lord and lady Camelford, and for making a further provision For the younger children of the said marriage.

, 39. An act to resettle certain freehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments in the county of Norfolk, to the uses, and subject to the powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the settlement made on the marriage of William John Spearman Wafey esquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his wife.

, 40. An act for vesting the estate late of John Shipton esquire, deceased, in the county of Warwick, in trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the payment of his debts and certain of the legacies given by his will and codicil, and for laying out the residue of, the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the uses, and for the purposes, therein mentioned.

,,. 41. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttlewortb9 efquircs, in the counties of York and Derby, in trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the purchase money of the estates foto be sold, in other estates to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the tenants for life to grant building and repairing leases, and for confirming the election made between the said parties respecting the said estates.

42. An act fqr effeding an exchange between Rebecca Afsheton widow, and the right honourable James earl of Salisbury, of certain small parts of their estates in the county of Herts.

43. An act for vesting an undivided moiety (being the settled estate of Samuel .Williamjon, a lunatic) of and in certain lands in Liverpool, in thp wunty of Lancaster, in trustees, to be sold, with the approbation of the court of chancery, and for laying out the money arising therefrom in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses,

, An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Richard Parry efqdire, in the county of Denbigh) ia North Wales, in trpflees. to be sold, and for applying the moneys arising by such' sale in discharging the encumbrances affecting the same and other jeftafes of the said Richard Parry 9 and for substituting and settling pother estate of greater value in lieu thereof.

'45. An: act for dividing and inclp^ng. the open and common

fields.

A T ABLE o? the S T AYO t E S.

fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waste sounds, in the manor and parish of Broughton, in the county of Northampton.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Huddersfield in the county of York.

47. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste lands, within the pa rrfh of Cartwick, in the cbunty of the city of Lincoln, and for feparatirtg, dividing, and appropriating, an open common called canii)ick^orthe South Comrhon, adjoining thereto; and for extinguishing certain rights, of common in and upon the same, and alf6 in and upon the said open and common fields, meadows, pastures, atnd waste lands; and for making compensations in lieu thereof respectively.

48. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Berwick Saint John, in the county of Wilts.

49. An act for vesting part of the estate of Thomas Whuhcot esquire, deceased, in the county of Lincoln, in trustees, for sale*‘ to pay Off encumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned,

50. An act to empower the guardians of William Phillips Ingh esquire, and of his filiers, to make or grant building and other leases during their respective minorities; and also to make exchanges of intermixed lands in or near the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

51. An act for vesting the estate comprised in the fettletttent made on the marriage of the reverend Thomas Beaumont clerk, deceased, in trustees, to sell the same, and apply the money td arise by such sale in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be settled, in like manner, in lieu thereof.

52. An act for applying part of the trull fund which was given by the will of doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the vicarage house of the parish of Barkings in the courtly of ejsex, in purchasing a convenient piece of ground in the said parish, and in building a new vicarage house thereon.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open and common fields, common downs, common pastures, common meadows, waste lands, and other commonable places, within the parish of Bafingfioke, in the county of Southampton.

54. An act for enabling the right honourable Edmund earl of Cork and Orrery, in the kingdom of Ireland, and baron Boyle of Marjlon, in England, to pult down the prefeht parish church of Barjloti Biggott otherwise Marjldn Bygoodj in the county of

fet, and for building a new parish church there.

55. An act to triable William Bamford esquire, anfd the fevctal Other persons therein mentioned, to grant leases of certain parts of the settled estates, in the Several counties of Laitcafter arid Cbejlery lately of or belonging to Artn Batrtford spinster, dectafed, upon the terms and rtftridfoha ttftftsn mtentfdrtfcd,

56. An

A TABLE p the STATUTES.

56. Ana ft for veiling part of the settled estates of John Rich gentleman, and ebzabetb his wife, in the counties of Leicester and Warwick in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the money arising therefrom in payment of encumbrances, under the di rediion of the court of chancery, and for laying out the surplus of such money in the purchase of other ellates, to be settled to the same uses..

57. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons called Helper Ward and Cheviti Ward in the county of Derby, and certain waste lands within the liberties of Duffield, Helper, hazel wood, and Makeney, within the parish of Duffield in the said county of Derby.

58. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open common fields, common meadows, and pallures, and also apiece of common adjoining to Chekvortb Common, all within the manors and tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or one of them, in the parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson in the county of Wilts.

59. An act for vesting part of the devised estates of the right honourable Thomas lord Foley, deceased, ip the county of Wor

0 fejler, in Samuel Skey esquire, in fee simple, in exchange for another estate of equal value, and for effedling a sale of other part of the said devised estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an agreement made by the said lord Foley in his life time, and for inverting the money arising from such sale in the purchase of other ellates, under the direction of the court of chancery, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

60. An act for naturalising Albertine Marianne Trefufiu

The end of the TABLES.

*

Vol. XXXV C THE

f H &

STATUTES at Large,

A — — -- i ' -- *- -

regni G E 0 R g11 III Regis, mag nee Britannia, Francia, &* Hiberni vicesimo quinto.

AT the parliament begun And holderi at Well * minster, the eighteenth day of May, Amir Domini 1784, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of our fivereign lord GEORGE the fhird, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland * King, defender of the faith, C And front thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-fifth day of January, 17855 being the second session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain

CAP. t

An act for confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports ^ of the United States of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island 0/ Newfoundland, to bread, four, and live flock, to be imported in none but british biiilt Ships, actually belonging to british subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his Majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate, for a limited time, Preamble.

the trade between the ports of the United States America and his Majejlfs subjects in the island" ^/" may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by arid with the advice and coftfent of the lords spiritiial and temporal, and Com refw&ions mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho on the impof* Titv of the same. That, from and after the passing of this act, into and during the continuance of thtf same, no goods or commo Newfound vol. XXXV B dities land.

2

No bread, flour, or livestock, to be imported into Newfoundland from the United States of America, except in licensed british built ilsips, Sec.

Time for granting licences limited.

Matter of vessel to deliver licence to customhouse officer at port of discharge;

who shall give a certificate thereof, See.

Anno vicesimo qqinto georgii III C i. [1785.

dities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into any port, harbour, or place, in the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or country belonging to the United States of America, upon any pretence whatsoever, except bread, flour, and livestock, under the restrictions and regulations herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the pafllng of this act, and during the continuance of the same, no bread, flour, or livestock, shall be brought or imported, from any place or country belonging to the said United States of America, into any port, harbour, or place of the said island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, except in british built ships, which shall actually and bona side belong to and be wholly owned by British subjects, and navigated according to law, and which shall, within the space df seven months previous to the time of such importation, have cleared out from some port in Great Britain, or some other part of his majesty's dominions in Europe, for which purpose a licence shall have been granted by the commissioners of his majestyvcustoms in England or Scotland, or the commissioners of his majesty's revenue in Ireland, or any other persons who may be duly authorised' in that" kingdom, respectively, in the manner and form herein after mentioned 5 which licences shall continue and be in force for seven calendar months from the day of the date upon which they are respectively granted, and no longer.

III Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such licence shall be granted by virtue of this act after the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the master or person having the charge or command of any ship or vessel to whom such licence shall be granted shall, upon the arrival of the said ship or vessel at the port, harbour, or place in the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands tb his Majesty belonging, where he shall discharge such bread, flour, or livestock, deliver up the said licence to the collector or other proper officer of the customs there, having first endorsed upon the back of such licence the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread and flour, and the description and tale of each sort and species of live cattle, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the collector, or other proper officer of the customs at Neivfoundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a certificate to the master or person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, of his haying received the said licence so endorsed as before directed, and to transmit the same to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland, or to the commissioners of his majesty's revenue in Ireland, respectively, by whom such licence was granted.

V And it is hereby further enacted byr the authority aforesaid.

17 85**) Anrio ttedljfeti Gsofusii III e. i. $

said, That if any bread, flour, or live ftrick, hail be imported Goods im or brought from any place or country belonging to die said ported continued States of America, into the said island of Newfoundland, arto be^or or the adjacent islands to his Majesty feeiongifigj without the feited. licence by this ai directed; or if any other goods or commodities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into the said island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or country belonging to the said United States of America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this al, all such bread, flour, live (lock, and other goods together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs in the said island - the same, as well as the pecuniary penalty inflicted by this act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty which Aiall have Jim fdi6tion within the said island of Newfoundland * and, after deducting the charges of prosecuting How to be the same from the gross produce thereof the remainder shall divided be given, one third to his Majesty, his heirs and fueeefibrs, one other third to the governor of the said island, and the other third to the officer or officers of the customs who shall feiae arid prosecute for the same.

VI And it is hereby further enac1ed by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall continue in force from the commence Continuance ttient thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

, Form of the Licence dife&ed by this ah

By the commissioners for managing and causing to be levied and collected his majesty's customs subsidies, arid other duties, in [wherej.

WHEREAS [name of the person], one

of his Mojeftfs subjects ref ding at [place where], hath given notice to us the commissioners of his Ma

Jess [customs in Great Britain, or revenue

in Ireland], that he intends to lade at [fomc

port of the United States in America], and import into [some part of Newfoundland in the [fliip's name], being a brituh ^/7/ ship) [deferibing the tonnage, and what sort of vessel], navigated according to lawj whereof * [mailer's name] is maser, bound to [where]; and it appearing by the register of the said ship the [(hip's name], whereof [master's

name] is tnastet, that the said ship the [(hip's name

was built at [place where], and owned by

[owner's, name], residing at [place where], all

his Majeftfs British subjefis) and that no foreigner, directly or in diretilf bath any Jbare> part, or interef therein;

B a., Vow

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 2. [1785.

Now be it known that the aid [performs name] hath

licence to lade on board the said ship ((hip's name],

at and from any port or place belonging to the United States of America, breeds flour, and live flock, the produce of the said United States, and no other article whatsoever, and to carry the said bread, flour, and live flock, to some port or place on the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging; and on the arrival of the said ship at any port, harbour, or place of discharge in Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, the master or person having the charge or command of the said ship is Required and enjoined to deliver up the said licence to the collector, or other proper officer of his majesty's customs there, and to endorse on tt>e back thereof, the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread or flour, and the defer iption and tale of each sort and species of live flock, on penalty of one hundred pounds; and Jkall thereupon receive a certificate thereof from the said collector, or other proper officer of the customs.

This licence to continue in force for calendar months,

from the date hereof \

Signed by us the at the this

day of one thousand seven hundred and

Licence to import bread, flour, and live flock, the produce of the United States of America, Newfoundland.

CAP. II

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, ' and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Malt act of 1 Geo. 3. C 3. fest, 1. further continued to June 24* 1786. Sect. 2. The following duties to be paid in Scotland for malt, mum, cyder, and perry. Malt to pay 3d. per bushel: mum 10s. per barrel: cyder and perry made for sale, 4s. per hogshead. These duties to be raised, C by virtue of all or any act in force concerning the duties on malt, Scc. Sect. 3. 10, 0001. to be raised in Scotland. In case of deficiency, an additional duty to be laid on malt. Surplus to be applied to the fisheries. This act to relate to the same day and time as the act 1 Geo. 3. did. Malt brought from Scotland by seato be entered at the port of landing: brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carlisle. Malt not duly entered and duty paid to be forfeited. Cyder or perry for diddling not chargeable. Distiller to give notice in writing to officer when he diftilh cyder or perry. 5i. penalty for neglect. Maltfteto, for every ao quarters of grain made into malt for exportation, to be allowed 30 quarters, according to an act 1w. & M. C ia. On certificate of malt being exported, and security given, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding ^ Every steeping of malt for exportation to be kept separate till measured. Maltflers to give notice to officers. Sic, Penalty on clandestinely opening the locks, cof any storehouse 1001. malt fters, on June 24, 1785, to clear out of their storehouses all malt for exportation within is months, on pain of forfeiting 501. All maltflers, after June 24* 1785, shall clear their storehouses every fifteen months, on penalty of 501. Clauses in an act 1% Annas, stat. 1. C a. and 6 Geo. X

C axe

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 3.

C ar. recited. 5s. per bushel penalty on all corn steeping or steeped for making malt, which shall be found in the cistern or couch so hard and compact, as it could not be unless the same had been forced together to prevent the riling, iool. penalty on fraudulently conveying from the cistern, C any steeping of corn, and mixing the same with other corn charged with the duty in the couch; or fraudulently conveying the same away, so that no gauge of such corn can be taken in the couch. How penalties are to be recovered. Buyers of cyder and perry for their private use not to be charged. Persons selling less than 20 gallons to be deemed retailers. Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general issue, and shall have treble costs. Clauses in an act 6 Geo. 3. C 14, recited. Where the duty granted by this act on cyder or perry, in custody of a factor, shall be certified to have been charged, the factor shall be discharged thereof, Clause of loan at 4b ios. percent. Tallies of loan to be struck, corders to be registered and paid in eourfe. No see for registering &<^ for undue preference. It shall not be deemed undue prefer ence where tallies are dated or brought the same day: nor if fubfg quent orders be paid before fqch as were npt demanded in eourfe. Orders assignable. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different sums, in the principal moneys. Bills to bear interest at 4i. ios. percent, per anq. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the eourfe Of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, C The bills to be placed as cash in the offices of the tellers of the receipt of exchequer; to be ifluable thereout in common with other moneys, and to be. current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Interest to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bills are in the hands of receivers, C Bills paid to receivers, C to be signed and dated. Bills may be re issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books, iool. penalty on receiver qeglecting to keep books, fyc. Bills filled up by in porfement, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5, 0901. each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or endorsement thereon, felony. How the moneys are o be applied. Treasury bn Sept. 29, 1786, to take an account of all moneys raised and discharged. ijnfatisfied moneys to be paid out of the next aids, or out of the sinking fund. Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal sums, which shall from time to time be in eourfe of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to the paymasters. Bills to be registered in eourfe. When intereft'to cease. Paymastera liable to the control of the treasury. ^reafury to settle salaries of clerks, C and to contract with persons to circulate bills, C Contractors not disabled from being members of parliament, C Contractors may lower or raise the interest, with consent of treasury. Contractors how to b paid. No see to be taken by the officers of the exchequer, C n.q fractions of a penny to be paid for interest. Charges to be paid out of the sinking fund, and to be replaced put of the first supplies. Clause of relief for bills lost or destroyed Bills discharged to be cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated to discharge national debts incurred before Dec. 25, 1716. Deficiency of the malt tax 23 Geo. 5. how to be supplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the supplies granted, for the year iyg^.

CAP, III

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while oji ft)orvx — Same as former years.

b3

CAP.

^ Anno vicefiroo quinto Georgii III C 4. [* 7515.

t ...

CAP. IV

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for thefendce of the year one thousand seven hundred an I eighty five. -* Four Shillings in the pound.

VII And whereas doubts have arisen as to the qualification by law required of ike mnjler of his Mojeflfs househoid, the first clerk of the househoid, the clerk of the kitchen, and several officers who, in virtue of their offices, have heretofore added, or may hereafter aft, as commissioners for putting into execution Jo much of several adds of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, as relates to the affejfment on the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James,

Qualification be it enacted, That no other qualification shall be required of any required of such officers, who shall act as commissioners by virtue of their the ™oufe °* ces or place than the possession of such respective offices e ou e or places; and that no such officer shall be subject or liable to any penalty inflicted by any such acts, for having heretofore acted without being pcffeffed of any other qualifications, which might have been required by any such acts respectively, than such office or place.

VIII And be it further enacted, That the matter of his Majesty's househoid for the time being, the first and second clerks of his majesty's househoid for the time being, shall be commissioners for putting into execution so much of this act as relates to the assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the money thereby limited and appointed to be raised in and for the palaces of Whitehall and Saint fames.

LIV Provided always, That the right honourable the matter of the Rolls, the matters in Chancery, six clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, registers, clerks of the inrolments, clerks of the affidavit and Subpoena offices, and all other the officers of the court of Chancery that execute their offices within the liberty of the Rolls, shall there be assessed for their respective offices, salaries, and other profits, and not elsewhere; and that all annuities, stipends, and pensions, payable to any officers in respect of their offices, shall be taxed add assessed where such officers are rated and assessed for their offices, and not elsewhere; Pensions to be and that all other pensions, ttipends, and annuities, in England, afie(ted where ladles, and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon lands, shall

Matter of the househoid, C tp be commissioners.

Officers in chancery to be assessed in the rolls 1u berty.

Annuities where to be rated.'

payable;

personal estates, where persons resident, C

Persons not

be charged and assessed in the parishes or places where they are payable; and every person who is or shall be rated, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect of any personal estate to him or her any ways belonging, shall be rated at such place where he or she shall be resident at the time of the execution of this at 5 and all personfc not being housebolders, nor householders, having a certain place cf residence, shall be taxed at the place dent rc1" where they shall be resident at the time of the execution of this Absent pera y and if any person, who ought to be taxed in England, ions to be rat 'Woles, or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this act, for or in d where they refpeitqf his personal estate, shall, gt the time of his assessmenr,

be

17^5-] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 6. 7

be out of the realm, such per soil shall be rated therefore in such were last refi county, city, or place, where he was last abiding within this dent realm.

CAP. V

An act for farther continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, "An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to*his ma jeftv, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and there inhabitants of the said United States' and for continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, "An act to extend the powera of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned. —

Continued till April 5, 1786.

CAP. VI

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment n of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 18, 053, including 2, 030 invalids.

VII And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Deserter may case of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, whensoever be adjudged rhe court-martial, which shall pass sentence upon such trial, to serve inany shall not think the offence deserving of capital punishment, forhfc or for such court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punish a term*of ment, adjudge the offender, if they (hail think fit, to serve as a years; soldier in any of the corps fiationed in any of his majesty's dominions beyond the feasor in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence : and if such soldier shall afterwards (without leave from his Ma but returning jesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which without leave he shall be appointed to serve) return into this realm, or the ration of such kingdom of Ireland, before the expiration of the term limited term, he shall by such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court suffer death, martial, he shall suffer death.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, Proceedings That none of the proceedings, of any general or regimental of courts, or court-martial, nor any entry, or copy thereof, shall be„charged co^es^here or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever, anything liablg

contained in any former act or acts to the contrary not with to stamp du (landing. ties

LXVI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Soldiers, from the passing of this act, no soldier, being arrested or con while confin fined for debt, in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be in reedve titled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or con pay r e finement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop,, or company, to which he shall belorig.

B 4 LXXVII And

8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL C 6. [1785.

Where any LXXVII And be it farther enacted, That when and as fe^tfh^fbe^ ten as regiment or company shall be relieved at any fta relieved in or or place beyond the seas, in order to their return to Great der to return Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or home, such of officers, thereunto authorised by the commander in chief at such stat'ron or place respectively, to enlist as many of the fou may be^nlift ^*ers belonging to such regiment or, company, returning to ed and in cor Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall ap porated with pear to be fit for service, and to incorporate them in any regi tbofeappoint mentor company which shall be appointed to remain; and h t0 re™ailhevery soldier so enlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed to be, of^u^tting11 discharged from the regiment or company in which he before fpeh former feryed 5 and the occasion of his quitting such former corps shall corps to be be recited in the enlisting certificate; a duplicate, or an attested recited in the ^ppy whereof, shall be delivered to such soldier, to protect him hfiwte^er* being any ways molested upon suspicion of his having

deferred.

LXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore in what cases said. That this act shall be construed to extend to the islands of ^tendt^ter 7erfe^9 Guernsey, Alderney, Sarkr and Man, and the islands ftyf guern«r" th^retp belonging, as to the clauses therein for mustering and \py] See. paying, and to the provisions for the trial and punishment of officers and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny or desertion, or any other of the offences which are by this act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a general court-martial $ and also to the clauses which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal defprters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging tp the king, from any soldier or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of such clothes to be changed.

This act not ^ LXXIX Provided always, That nothing in this act con tl^mffitia*0 ta*nec* extend or be any ways construed to extend, to farther than is concern any f the militia forces of this kingdom, or in Jersey, directed by Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the islands thereto belong

the ing, excepting only in such case wherein, by any act for regulating

the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, the provisions contained in this act, or in any at for punishing mutiny and desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant tp take place in respect of the officers of the militia, and private militia men, within that part of exception. Great Britain aforesaid; and also except so far as relates to the mustering of the militia forces of this kingdom, according to the provisions herein after mentioned.

LXXX And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested that officers of the marines shall be affociaied with officers of the land forces for the purpose of bolding courts mar a9 sten a9 ft iial; be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it fary Officers ay necessary ft shall and may be lawful for officers of the ojf the land land and marine forces to sit in conjunction upon courts maraud xnarino tial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or soldier of the

laud

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii TILL C 7* 9

land foroes, in like manner, to all intepts and purposes, as if forces may sit

such court-martial were composed of officers of the land forces

only j and the officers of the land and marine forces are, in mpartial°ur S

such cases, to take rank according to the fenioriiy of their com taking rank

missions in either service. according to

LXXXI And 1 for the better ascertaining the number of ejfec ^f^e^com

five men of the regiments of militia, when embodied and in actual minions.

service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Militia and

and after the paftng of this act, every regiment or corps of fencible men,,

militia and fencible men, when embodied and in actual service, when in ac

shall be regularly muttered by commitfaries appointed for that tual service,

purpose, in the same manner, and as often as the army is ufu j mu toed

ally muttered; and the magistrates shall have the same powers. *

and authorities, and both officers and men shall be subject: to

the same regulations, restrictions, and penalties, as are imposed

pn thie officers and soldiers of the army by virtue of this act.

LXXXII And whereas the. lime of service in the militia is If

mited to three years, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the officer commanding each regiment or corps of militia, Names of mi

or fencible men, shall certify, on the back of the mutter roll, hba men, C

the names of those men who are within six months of the time ^famoxiths

of the expiration of their service, and also the number of men Of the expira

which have been enrolled since the last mutter, diftinguifiling tion of their

the ballotted men from the substitutes; and every man foin service, to be

rolled shall be entitled to receive his pay from the time of his ori

. rj the back of

mrollment. muster.

LXXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore roll, said, That this act shall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain, from the'twenty fourth day of March, of this act. in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and shall, be and continue in .force, in Jerfy, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, as to such parts thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the thirtieth day of Apr if in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, until the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and shall be and continue in force, within the garrison of Gibraltar, and in his majesty's other dominions beyond the seas, as to such parts thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, until the twenty-fifth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty Teven,

CAP. VII

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and port of Faversham, the hundreds of Faverfham and bough tonne, and the several parishes of Ospringe, Seafalter, and Whitstable, jn the county of Kent,

A court

, IO

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 8 — 10. [1785.

A court instituted, to be called. The Court of.requests in the Town and Port of ifaverhiam; to be held weekly, before three or more commissioners, to recover debts above 2s. and under 40s. (except for rent on lease, or where title may come in question, or on real contract, or on will, or matrimonial contract, or other ecclesiastical matter, or wagers, or won at play, or on penal statute, or bye law, or on promise made above six years before summons).

CAP. VIII

An act for defraying the charge of the militia fn that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day

of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five. same as

former years.

CAP. IX

An act for paving, cleansing, and lighting The High Street, and other places within the town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing

iiuifances and annoyances therein. * may rajfe 6001. by

mortgage of rates or on annuities.

CAP. X

An act for building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

Preamble. \\7 H E R E A S thepresent gaol and houses of correction for the V V county of Gloucester are very ill confirusted, and neither. fujficiently spacious, nor in other respects well adapted for the reception of pr if oners: and whereas by an act made in the nineteenth year 19 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain and amend C 74 left. 5. the laws relating to the transportation or other punishment of recited. certain offenders), his Majesty is enabled to appoint supervisors for building two penitentiary houses 9 for confining and employing in hard labour such persons convicted of tranfp or table crimes within England, or Wales, as are therein mentioned, with a limitation of the number

of convicts to be sent to the said two penitentiary houses from the re jspective circuits and places within England and Wales, as therein divided and described; and in the mean time, till certificate Shall be made in manner therein mentioned, that such penitentiary houses. are fitted and completed for the reception of offenders the court in which any such offenders as are therein before described Shall be cony ifled, or any other court for the same place, with like authority, is enabled to. order such offenders to be kept to hard labour in the respective houses of correction, or other proper places, within each county, which, during the said time, are to be deemed penitentiary houses in manner therein mentioned; and the justices of the peace for every county, at their several quarter sessions to be held next after the seas of Saint Thomas the Martyr, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or at any adjournment of the same sessions, are thereby required to give dire ft ions for the temporary reception, safe atjudy, employment, and due regulation of such offenders, the expenses of which, being previoufiy examined and allowed by the justices atlheir e quarter

1785 ] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10. II

quarter fejjioms, are dire fte4 to be paid by the treasurer of each county t and whereas two penitentiary houses for England and Wales have not been erected in pursuance of the said recited act, nor hath any house of correction been fitted and prepared as a temporary penitentiary house for the county <?/gloueester: and whereas it may be of great public utility, that a house of correction to be used as a penitentiary house Should be built for the particular purpose of confining such tranfportable and other convicts within the same county, as well in respect to the uncertainty tvhen the two general penitentiary houses for England and Wales may be built, as in respect of the small proportion of offenders which will be receivable therein from the circuit io which the county of Gloucester belongs; and it is absolutely necessary that a new county gaol and fevsral houses of correction, should be builty for the use of the said county: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by. the authority of the same,

That all persons who are now, or shall hereafter for the time commiilion being be acting justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester 9 er shall be, and they are hereby constituted commissioners for building a new gaol and a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for executing such of the powers of this act as are herein after entrusted to them the said commissioners.

II Andy in order to continue a sufficient number cf acting commis f toners for executing the powers of this act be it further enacted.

That if any person, hereby constituted a commissioner, fna 11 For electing neglect to act as such for one year after the passing of this act, gq^ers°mmi^ or after his becoming an acting justice of the peace for the county of Glou'cefery or if, by writing under his hand, to be delivered to the chairman of any meeting of the said commis iioners, he shall signify his intention not to act as a commissioner, every such person shall forfeit the right of being a commissioner, hereby given to acting justices of the peace for the said county, and shall be incapacitated from acting as a commissioner, unless he shall be afterwards elected a commissioner tinder the power of election herein given; and if any person, having begun to act as a commissioner, shall, in manner aforesaid, signify his intention no longer to act as such, or shall not be present at any meeting, and sign his name in the book of proceedings as a commissioners, for two years successively (which last mentioned omifllon shall in all cases be considered as a neglecting to a as such), in every such case it shall be lawful tor the remaining commissioners, or the greater number assembled at any meeting, at which not less than seven (hail be present, to elect one other person, who (if not an acting justice of the peace for the said county) shall be otherwise qualified as herein after mentioned, in the room of each commissioner so declining or neglecting to act; but notice of the intention to proceed to such election shall be published in some public

newspaper

Qualification of com mi f iionenj.

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Com missioner meetings.

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C io. [ 1785.

newspaper circulating in the county of Gloucejier, at least eight days before the meeting for such purppfe.

III Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no person, except such as shall be commissioners by virtue of their office as acting justices of the peace, shall be qualified to at as a commissioner under this acts, who shall not have, in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, in possession, a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate, for life, or for forne greater estate, or an estate for some term of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a term certain, originally created for twenty-one years or more, in lands, tenements, of hereditaments, lying or being in the county of Gloucejier^ of the clear yearly value of twp hundred and fifty pounds', over and above what will satisfy or discharge all encumbrances affecting the same, and over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same or who shall not be seized of or entitled unto, in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, the immediate reverfior\ or remainder of and in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying and being as aforesaid, which are leased upon conventionary rents for one pr more life or lives, or for some term of years determinable upon the death of one or more person or persons, and which are of the clear yearly value of four hundred pounds; and no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner under this act in any case in which he shall be interested, or in any manner, whilst he shall under this at hold ar.y office, except that of a commissioner, or whilst in his private capacity he shall be concerned in any contra agreement relative to the execution of this act, except lending money or buying annuities on the credit and for the purposes thereof.

IV And be it further enacted, That if any person shall acst as a commissioner under this act, not having the requisite qualification of estate or office, or being otherwise hereby disqualified from acting, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit one hundred pounds to the treasurer of the said commissioners for the time being, to be applied for the purposes of this act, and to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at ivefimiujler; and ip every action for recovery of such penalty, the proof of qualifica, -* tion to act as a commissioner shall lie on the person against whom the same is brought.

V And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet for executing this act, for the first time, at the grand Jury room at Gloucejier, oh the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or as soon after as conveniently may be, of which first meeting at least eight days previous notice shall be given, by atjvertife ment in some public newspaper circulating as aforesaid, signed by two adfing justices of the peace for the said county of glou cjler; and the said commissioners shall then, and at every subsequent meeting, adjourn themselves from time to time, and

1785-] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10. 13

place tot place, as they, or any five or more of them present at any such meeting, shall think convenient, but no such adjournment shall be made for a longer time than seven calendar months; and if five commissioners shall not attend at the time and place appointed for any such meeting, then the cotnmif fioners or commissioner present may make such adjournment; or if no such commissioner shall be present, or if at any meeting it shall be neglected to make an adjournment, then any three or more commissioners may revive and continue the meetings of the said commissioners, by calling one for that purpose, and causing notice to be given of it in some public newspaper circulating as aforesaid, at lead eight days before the day of meeting; and every such meeting, io to be called for the purpose of reviving and continuing the said meetings, shall be adjourned in the like manner; and all such adjournments, and the revivals and continuations of the said. meetings, shall be entered by the clerk to the said commissioners in a book hereinafter directed to be kept; and the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have authority, as often as they shall, think fit, to call an extraordinary meeting, by a previous notice of at lead eight days, to be advertised in such newspaper - ...

aforesaid, specifying the time, place, and purpose of such meeting; and the said commissioners shall at all their meetings pay their own expenses; and all orders of the commissioners in executing the powers of this act shall be made at meetings to be he d as is before directed; and at every such meeting one of the commissioners present shall be appointed chairman; and all qneftions and matters shall be determined by a majority of votes of the commissioners present, and the chairman shall not only have a (ingle vote, but, in case of equality of votes, shall have the decisive or cading vote; and all such commissioners as are commission acting judices of the peace may aft as such in matters arising ers being juf on this act, notwithstanding their being commissioners, except ^

only in cases in which they shall be personally interected; and procee^ino.s all orders and proceedings at every meeting shall be entered in t0 ente^€c[ a book, to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the. said in books, commissioners, and shall be signed by thechairmanof the meeting; and such entries shall be deemed original orders and proceedings, and may be read in evidence in all courts whatsoever; and all such books of proceedings shall be lodged V ith the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being, and shall and may. be perilled and inspected, at all seasonable times, by any person assessed to the poor's rate within the county of Gkucejier^ on payment to such clerk of one shilling for each time of inlpeftion, and one shilling more for every hour during which such inspection shall continue after the fir hour; and when the comm if Difpofel of, fion appointed by this act shall cease, in confjquence of the final such books, execution of all the powers hereby intruded to the said commissioners, such books of proceedings shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace for the said county of gloucejlerr and be

n

subcommittees.

Commissioners mav appoint officers,

and allow them salaries.

Attno vicesimo quinto ge$r6ii III fc. td. [17$$*

Ky hitft kept and pfeferved am'bhgft the records of the sessions, of the pea6e for thg said county,.

VI And be it further enacted. That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint one or more fub committee or fub committees, and every fab committee so appointed shall Superintend, regulate, and control such artificers, officers, and workmen, as shall be employed by the said commissioners, and shall see to the due performance of such contracts and agreements as may be entered into for the purpose of carrying this acct into execution; and all orders and inftru<stions signed by the majority of any such fub committee, provided they do not exceed the limits of the orders of the commissioners at large, shall be binding on such artificers, officers, and workmen.

VII And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and may appoint a treasurer, a clerk, a surveyor or surveyors, and such other officers, for executing the powers of this act, and take such security from them, as they the said commissioners shall think, necessary, and shall, at their pleasure, remove any such officer or officers, and appoint others in the room of such as shall die or be so removed, and out of the moneys arising by this act pay such salaries and allowances as they shall think proper to their officers, and all others employed Under their authority; and all such clerks, treasurers, farveyors, and all other officers, who may at anytime resign or be removed, and the respective executors and administrators of any, who may die, shall, within three calendar months after notice given in writing, produce and deliver up to such commissioners, or any one or more of them, all books, accounts, papers, or writings whatsoever, relative to the execution of fuciitespective offices, which shall be in their custody or power; and every such officer or perfoti as aforesaid, neglecting or refusing to deliver up such books, accounts, papers, or writings, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit any sum hot exceeding twenty pounds; and if any surveyor, appointed as hereby directed, shall have any part, share, or irtterect, directly or indirectly, in any contract or bargain for work or materials to be made, done, or provided, on account of any works under his inspection and management, or shall on his own account let to hire any team, or sell or dispose of any timber, (lone, or other materials, to be used or employed in performing or carrying on any such works, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds to the treasurer to the said commissioners for the time being, to be recovered and applied in the manner and for the purposes aforesaid: provided always. That no treasurer shall at any time be appointed or removed, unless seven commissioners at. the least be preferit, nor shall any clerk, surveyor, or other officer, be so appointed or removed, unless five commissioners at the least be present at the time of such appointment or removal but public notice, of eight days at the least, (hail be given, in some newspaper

-

1785. J Anno vicesimo qnittto Georgia Kf. J. 10;

circulating as aforesaid, of the intention to proceed to the appointment of any treasurer or clerk; and no order of the said commissioners, for the removal of any such treasurer or clerk,

shall have any efsect, until it shall have been confirmed at a subsequent meeting of a like number of seven or five at lead, of the said commissioners, as: the case may require, of which subsequent meeting a like.publick notice, of eight days at the least, shall be given as aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enabled, That the said commissioners commifflon may sue or be; sued in the name of their clerk, and that no era may sue action that may be brought or commenced by or against the ?nd be sued said commissioners.. any^of them, by virtue of this act, ^ of their clerk, the name of their clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such; clerk, or by the act of such clerk, without the consent of the said commissioners, or any five or more of them; but the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being shall always beideemed plaintiff or defendant in such action, as the case shall be.

, IX And be it further enabled, That the said commissioners, For fixing on or any seven or more of them, shall, with all convenient speed, ground for after the passing of this act, fix upon such piece or pieces of houses of ground, within the, city and county of Qloucejier, or one ofcorredhon. them, for building thereon a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and a new house of correction, and also such pieces of ground, within the county of Gloucester for building thereon four other new houses of correction, as shall appear mod commodiously situate; and in so fixing (half more particularly have regard to the airiness.. and healthiness of the situation, the accommodation of water, the avoiding all ill sshells, and being overlooked,, for that purpose to the keeping at a proper distance from the centre of any populous town;, and yet being near enough: to some town for the purpose of accommodation and security, and also to the placing such new gaol and penitentiary house, and one of the'said five houses of correction, as near to the county hall in the city of Gloucester as may be, confidently with the aforesaid directions, and to having the said four other houses of correction so distributed throughout the county of Gloucester, as shall appear to them mod likely to correspond with the general convenience of the said county.

X And, in order to prevent any precipitancy in fixing upon such pieces of ground for the said gaol, penitentiary kouse, and houses of corrections be it further enacted, That no order of the said com Such fixing mifiioners in that instance shall have any force till it shall have not valid till been confirmed; by the commissioners, or any seven or more of fu^ure^meet them, present at a second meeting, to be held at lead four teen days from the day of making such order, of which second meeting, and the purpose thereof, eight days notice at lead (hail be given by the clerk of the said commissioners, by advertisement in such newspaper as aforesaid: : always, That Refervmg the nothing herein contained shallany ways affect or prejudice the hof the

rights Tewksbury.

Anno vjcefimoquitifo g^ojigii III [1785,

rights and privileges of the bailiffs,. burgesses, and commorrahy of the borough of fewfflury9 mthia the said county.

Comroiflion XI Ahd be it farther ena#ed,, That when and as soon as ers to pur such pieces of ground for such new' gaol, penitentiary house an new ^ou^e? eorrection, shall be so fixed upon, the said pr 6 - commissioners, or any five or more of them are Hereby authorised to contra for the absolute purchase in see Ample of the said pieces of ground refpb#ively, together with any houses or buildings thereon, or that shall be (landing within fifteen yards of the intended boundary wall, for the purpose of ere#ing the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and new houses of correction, and for obtaining a clear fpaee of ground surrounding the same, in manner, and for the purposes herein after directed; and the pieces of ground, and houses or buildings, foto be purchased, shall be conveyed to the'custos rotulorum of the said county of Gloucejier for the time being, and his successors, such custos rotulorum being hereby constituted a corporation foie in order for him and his successors to hold the said pieces of ground, and the intended hew erections and buildings thereon, in perpetual succession, for the purposes of this a $ any such lands, houses or buildings, as may be situate within the city of Gloucejier, which shall be so purchased and conveyed as aforesaid, and which shall be enclosed within the boundary, wall of such new gaol, penitentiary house, and house of correction adjoining thereto, shall be deemed and taken to be part of the county of Gloucejier*

All persons XII And be it further enacted, 'f'hat it shall be lawful for enabled to sell the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and and convey. for ajj bodies corporate, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees whatsoever, for and on the behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, infants, issue unborn, lunatics, idiots femes covert, and ceftuique trusts, and for all other persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized or possessed of or interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be fixed upon as aforesaid, to contra and agree with the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the sale thereof, or for their interest therein, and to convey the same unto the custos rotulorum of the said county of Gloucejier for the time being and his successors, as is herein before dire#ed j and such con tra#s, agreements, and sales, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, any law, statute, fettleraent, or other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, and all such persons are hereby indemnified for making the same.

If parties do XIIL And be it further enacted. That if any such bodies not agree, the corporate, trustee or trustees, or other person or persons in business refer terefted in any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or red q ajury. here()jtaments^ Upon a notice of fourteen days from the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, given or left in : writing

. ... ... V

*785; ] A nrio vlcefiffld ifolntd Georgii III C 16. if

writing at the dwellrrig hoiufe of the chief officer belonging to / any such body corporate, or of any such person or persons as dforesaid, or at the hoiife of the tenaur in poffeflioq, shall not agree with the said comnaiffioners, or any five or more of them for the sale of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or for their interest therein, or if, by reafori of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and iri every such case, the justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester, at their general or quarter sessions, or at any adjournment of the same, may and .shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, to cause the same to be inquired into and settled hy a jury, in the same manner, and under the same powers, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and determinations, as in and by an of the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, (entitled, An act to explain 24 Ged. and amend an act, made in the eleventh dnd twelfth years of the reign C 54* of King William the Third, entitled. An at to enable justices of the peace to build and repair gaols in their respective cdun ^ ties; and for other purposes therein mentioned)', are prescribed, given, and directed, for ascertaining the value of housesj buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges which should be deemed necessary for the purposes of building or enlarging any gaol, and other the purposes of that ach

XI V And whereas Gloucester cafle is the present gaol for the The see fini county of Gloucester, and the f'cite thereof, and part of the land he plof the longing thereto, may be deemed an eligible situation for the said new fent^aol istit gaol, and also for such penitentiary house, and one of such new housei is Majesty. of correction as aforesaid: and whereas his Mrjefy, in right of his crown, is seized of the see simple and inheritance of the said cajile, and the lands thereunto belonging; and Benjamin Hyett esquire, by Benjamin virtue of a grant of the office of constable of the cafae of Gloucester, Hyett esquire (made by his present Majesty to Nicholas Hyett, for three lives), the office hath, in right of his office, possession of the said castle, and lands of gonstable, thereunto belonging, except the pgrt lying'within the high wall iti and pofieffioh closing the court yard belonging to the said castle., which said part is, °fthe caftie by a covenant in the grant, directed to be de?nifed by lease, to be re ce^the^rt newedfrom time to time, for certain conf derations, to certain trujtees, no nfecl for in trujl for the said county; and which part has been, for a long time a gaol. pajl, and is now used for the couniy gaol: be it therefore enatsted,

That, on application of the said commissioners, or any five or His Majesty more of them, to his Majesty, or his heirs and successors, for grant, a grant of the see simple of such part of the castle, and so much his of the lands and buildings belonging thereto, as may be thought necessary for the purposes of building the said gaol, penitentiary fiouse, and one of the said houses of correction, with the courts and airing grounds suitable thereto, it shall be lawful for his said Majesty, his heirs and fuccellors, to make a grant accordingly to the custos rotulorum of the said county for the time being, and his successors, as a corporation in perpetual succession, in trust for the purposes of this acts; and after such grant Mr. hyett's shall be made, the estate and interest of and in the said part df interest to be Vox. XXXV - C the purchafedh

.;

i8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C io. [178^

the said castle, and lands and buildings, as aforesaid, now in the said Benjamin Hyett, in right of his said office, shall be purchased by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, under the powers herein before given to them; and such estate or interest, as is so subsisting in the aforesaid trustees for the use of the said county, shall, from the time of completing such purchase from the said Benjamin Hyett, absolutely cease and determine.

How land to XV And be it further enacted, That in all future rates, be purchased taxes, and levies, to be made for any parish or place in the shall be taxed county of gloy.ee/ier, within which any land or ground to be in uture. purchased for the purposes of this act shall be situate, such land or ground, with any building to be.erected thereon, shall not be assessed to any such rates, taxes, and levies, at an higher value or more improved rent than the same land or ground was V at the time of such purchase;; shall any building or buildings, which under this act shall be erected on such land, be assessed to any house or window tax; any act or acts of parlia 1 ment to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to get XVI And be it further enacted. That the said commission materials for ers, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are building. hereby authorised to empower their agents or workmen to dig, take, and carry away, any soil, clay, sand, gravel, or (tone, and to manufacture the same for the purpose of building, carrying on, finishing, and completing, all or any of the gaols, Jioufes of correction, or other buildings, hereby directed to be built, out of, upon, or from any common or waste land, river, or brook, without paying anything for the same, they causing all pits or quarries made by such digging and taking to be filled up, or railed and feneed, so as not to be dangerous to passengers or cattle; or, where there is not sufficient of such materials toj?e procured from any common or waste land, river, or brook, contiguous to any building carrying on under this act, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are in like manner empowered to authorise their agents and workmen to search for, dig, take, manufacture, and carry away, any such materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the lands of any person or persons (not being ground built on, or a yard, garden, or park, or land improved as pleasure ground, previous to the time of passing this act), paying or tendering iatisfadtion for the same, as herein after directed; and if any person whosoever, not hereby authorised, shall take away any materials so dug or got in any lands, waste grounds, or rivers, or shall dig or take away any materials out of any pit or quarry made or opened for the above purpose, before the said agents or workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the spice of twenty-one days (except the owner or occupier of any private ground, or persons authorised by such owner or occupier, to get materials therein for his own private use only, and not for sale), every person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings.

y XVII Andy

1785-1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii the 10.. j

XVII And, inasmuch as it is ejjential to the health'tnefs and venience of the said intended prisons? that they Should be constantly and uninterruptedly supplied with a current of fresh water? be it therefore further enabled. That it shall and maybe lawful to For obtaining and for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them,

their agents and workmen, without any hindrance or interruption, to enter upon any lands adjoining or contiguous to any such intended gaol penitentiary"house, or house of correction, and there to search for any spring or (iream of water, and to make any cut, channel, drain, or watercourse, and dig, six, ot build any reservoir or other works, as may appear necessary for conducting any such spring or current of water into, and effectually draining or discharging the same out of, any such. nevv gaol, penitentiary house, or house of correction; and also to and for all other agents and workmen, being hereafter duly authorised to repair the said gaol, penitentiary house, or houses of correction, in like manner, from time to time, and as often as there shall be occasion, to enter into and upon any such lands or grounds, for the purpose of cleansing, scouring, repairing, or amending such cur, channel, drain, watercourse, reservoir or other works; and all and singular the cuts, channels, drains, vvatercourses, reservoirs, or other works, foto be made, shall be veiled in the custos rotulorum of the county of Qloucejler for the time being, and his successors, as a corporation foie, in trust for the purposes of this act, and shall be part of the said county of Gloucester: provided always, That no house used for habitation shall be deprived of the use of any spring or current of water from which it has ufuallv been supplied, nor (half any field, .having a watering place, be deprived thereof; and any person who shall wilfully close up, divert, or injure any such cut, channel, drain, watercourse, reservoir, or other works or disturb the water conveyed therein, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XVIII And be itfurther enacted, That in respect of all da ftecoitipeiicc mages that may accrue to any owners or occupiers of lands, or fr damage grounds, by getting materials as aforesaid, or by carrying water

on or over any fqch lands, or by digging or making any water 5 ‘ ® cotirfe, reservoir, drain, or other works, for conducting water as aforesaid, and also in respect of all and every other damage or damages arising.by reason or means of the execution of any of the powers herein contained, and which is or are not herein. fpeciaily provided for, the said commissioners,, any five or more of them shall cause a reasonable satisfaction foi the same to b, e made, from time to time, within three calendar months after, such damage or damages shall happen, on application being made, by the respective landowners, or other persons aggrieved, for that purpose; and in case the said commissioners, or thejr agents, and the said landowners,, other persons aggrieved, cannot agree upon such satisfaction, or the said land qyyners, or other persons aggrieved, shall refute to treat or by

C 2 reason

io Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C io. [1785.

< reafbn of absence shall be prevented from treating, or through difebility, nonage, coverture, or other impediment, cannot treat for (hemselyes, or make such agreement as shall become rieceffary, then the said satisfaction shall' be determined by the justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester y at their general or quarter sessions, on eight days notice of such appeal or application being given, by the party appealing, to the clerk to the said commissioners; and the justices as aforesaid are hereby authorised to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and to Order the satisfaction so determined to be paid to the party or parties aggrieved, by the treasurer to the said commissioners, and such determination of the justices shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case such treasurer shall neglect, for twenty-one days next after such order, to pay the satisfaction so determined, the party or parties aggrieved shall and may recover the amount thereof, by action of debt, again ft the said treasurer for the time being, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

Foot ways on XIX And be it enacted, That a space of five feet on the out the outside of side of the boundary wall of every prison to be built under this wans^3^ shall be considered as a public foot way for ever; and all

roads and ways leading to or surrounding the said gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, shall be considered as public highways, and shall from time to time be repaired as such.

XX And for the more effectually securing a free circulation of pure and wholesome air, and thereby preventing the gaol fever, and For securing other malignant diseases, be it further enacted, That, from and a free circula after the time that any ground shall be determined on and fet lion o air. out for any gao penitentiary house, or houses of corredlion, hereby directed to be built, no person shall erect any house or building, pur, or pile, or setup any pole, timber, earth, dung, hay, draw, wood, rubbish, or other thing (otherwise than for a fence, which shall not exceed five feet in height), or keep any swine, nearer to the boundary wall of such gaol, penitentiary house, or house of correction, than fifteen yards; and every person offending in any such case, and continuing such offence for the space of ten days after notice to di (continue the same, or to remove the cause thereof, shall forfeit 'a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty Shillings;; the cause of such offence shall be removed by the order of any two justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester, and the often fender shall forfeit and pay, over and above the said penalty hereby directed, the charges and expenses of such removal; and if any tree shall at any time be growing, (landing, or extending within such distance, the same shall be cut down by the occupier or occupiers of the land whereon The same shall be, on notice given to him or them by the clerk of the peace, for the county of Gloucester; and in case such tree shall not be cut down within ten days after such notice, the justices of the peace

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C icu 21

for the said county, at their general or quarter sessions, may order such tree to be cut down and sold, for the purposes of this act.

XXI And be it further enacted, That the said commission For building ers, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are a northwest Saoh hereby required, with all convenient speed, after purchasing house "and such pieces of land, and houses or buildings as aforesaid, to ather'honfes cause to be built and erected, on one of the said pieces of land, of correction a new gaol, with a penitentiary house, for the reception of such

convicts and offenders as are herein after described, and also one of the said new houses of correction, so that the same new gaol, penitentiary house, and house of correction, may be contiguous to each other, and be surrounded by an outside wall detached therefrom; and on the remaining pieces of land so purchased as aforesaid, four other new houses of correction $ and also to cause the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, to be fitted up and furnifiled in a complete and effectual manner for the reception of prisoners, as to. them the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall feern best adapted to answer the purposes of this act, according to the several uses for which the same are hereby respectively appointed; for doing of all which (subject to the directions hereinafter particularly given) the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make such contracts, and to employ such artificers, workmen, labourers, and others, and ^

to do all such other things as shall in their discretion appear requisite in the premises, and particularly to pull down the houses or buildings so purchased as aforesaid, and sell or dispose of the materials thereof, as shall be most advantageous for the purposes of this act.

XXII And be it further enacted, That in settling and adfor regulat jufting the plan for the buildingtuch new gaol, and the yards, jng the plan .courts, and outlets thereof, the commissioners are hereby re and adjufling

quired to have particular regard to the following provisions; the several 6 (that is to say). That the wards and apartments of the said wards in the gaol be so constructed as to allow of a reparation, both by night nev and day, of male from female prisoners, and of debtors and persons in custody for want of sureties, or on exchequer process, or for fines, contempts, or pecuniary penalties, where there? can be no corporal punishment, from persons in custody fqr felonies or other crimes; that there be a convenient number of separate and distinct night cells for felons; and apartments adapted to solitude, and a greater degree of constraint, for the temporary reception of refractory prisoners; and a separate place of confinement for such prisoners as are intended to be examined as witnefies on behalf of any prosecution of any indictment for felony; and also a plain and decent room as a chapel for divipe service.; nd two or more apartments as an infirmary for sick prisoners, in conformity to the statute of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for prejerving the *4 Geo. health? of prisoners in gaol and preventing the gaol difiemper); toc.

C 3 gether

^jc glen

corifi ruling the houses of correction.

aa Geo. 3. C 64.

34 Geo. 3.

Afino vicesimo quinto Georgii III C io. [1785.

getber with such baths as are required by the said act; that there be also provided convenient apartments or places for the use of such prisoners as shall be directed, or may be willing to work for their maintenance whilst in custody; and further, that N sufficient offices and apartments be set apart for the occupation ' of the gaoler, his family, and assistants; and proper and distinct airing grounds for the use of each class of prisoners: and, in order as far as may be to prevent the introduction of infedious disease, that there be provided a lazarette, or ward with separate cells, for the, immediate reception of prisoners on their commitment, previously to examination by the surgeon or apothecary; and in or near such ward provision shall be made for washing such prisoners, and for purifying their clothes.

dire&iors for XXIII And be it further enacted, That in the construction of the said five new houses of correction, the said commissioners shall observe the several directions prescribed, as well by an act of the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty; (entitled. An act for the amending and rendering more effectual the law 1 inbeing relative to ho uses of correction), as by an act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, to explain and amend the said act of the twenty second year of his feign, in respect to such houses of correction as shall be built under the same acts; and, as an addition to the apartments pnd places thereby required, provision shall be made, as far as conveniently may be, for separately lodging and keeping each individual priforier; apartments of a greater degree of restraint shall also be provided for the punishment of the refradory, who, under the said two last mentioned acts, may be ordered to closer confinement; a room shall be set apart as a chapel for the per fprmance of divine service; proper places for the reception of the sick; a bath, and a close room for purifying infected clothes; and in the arranging the apartments for the governor, there shall be provided a room convenient for the meeting of the visiting justices, or of such other justices of the peace as may be inclined to hold any petty' sessions therein.

Directions for XXIV And be it further enacted, That in the coqftrudion constructing pf tfle fajd new penitentiary house, the following directions (lialj be particularly attended to by the said commissioners; (that is to say), Mt shall be formed into two general divisions, one for the confinement of male, the other of female convids, and of such dimensions as shall appear sufficient for the reception of each class of prisoners hereby intended to be confined in it; and such general divisions shall be farther subdivided into diflind cells for each individual, with apartments for labour, and airing grounds, so disposed as shall appear bell adapted to promote the purposes of punishment by folituae and labour; and there shall be a bath, infirmary, and chapel, particularly appropriated to the use of the said penitentiary house, or to which the prisoners therein confined can have all necessary access.

XXV And be it further enacted, That all timber, (lone, jmd brick, and other material to be prac!e use pf*. or which

' " G, oogle ^

the penitentiary house.

Materials veiled in the

commission.....

.....

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgitiii. C 10.

shall be collected to be made use of, by order of the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, for building and completing any gaol, penitentiary house, house of correction, or other building or work carrying on for the purposes of this act, and which may not be the immediate property of their agents and contractors, shall be vested in the said commissioners, and they, or any five of more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of their clerk, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any bill or bills of indictment, against any person or persons who shall (teal, take away, or damage any such materials, or disturb them in the possession thereof.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That if any person or For punishing » persons shall wilfully and maliciously obstruct the erecting, £erfs?8 ob" building, or repairing any gaol, house of correction, boundary damaging wall thereof, or other building hereby directed to be built, buildings, cor wilfully or maliciously pull down, damage, or destroy the

same, or any part thereof, every person so offending, and being lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases of felony, and the court by and before whom any such person shall be tried and convicted shall have power and authority to cause such person to be punished in like manner as felons are directed to be punished by the laws and statutes of this realm.

XXVII And whereas, in case of building the said new gaol on the fcite of the present gaol for the county of Gloucester, it may be

necessary to provide a temporary gaol for the said county; be it For providing therefore further enacted. That in such case it shall and may be aatejm^f lawful for the sheriff of the said county to remove the prisoners ceila'ry. ^ in the said present gaol to such house or houses of correction,

or other places of confinement, within the same county, as the justices of the peace for the same county shall, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, appoint, which house or houses of correction, or other proper place of confinement, shall be deemed the common gaol for the said county, until the said new gaol be built, and the prisoners in the custody of the sheriff therein shall be removed therefrom, under the directions hereinafter given for that purpose.

XXVIII And be it further enacted, That when the said Prisoners to new gaol shall be finished, it shall be the common g«>l for the be [h^new* county of Gioucejler, and shall from time to time be repaired

and supported by the same ways and means as county gaols in B England are by law to be repaired and supported, and the sheriff of the said county for the time being shall have the keeping thereof; and when the said new gaol shall be fit for the reception of prisoners, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause notice thereof to be given to the sheriff of the.said county, who shall with all convenient speed remove to such new.gap! all fuel) prisoners as shall be in his custody, which Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an escape.

XXIX And be it further enacted, That when and as soon

C 4 a

u

justices power ver the new houses' of cor jre&ion.

Geo. a.

G^J.

Justices may appoint a surgeon and apothecary.

Penitentiary house to be tinder management of ihe justices;

L r.

- Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C io. [1785.

as the said five new houses of correction shall several ly and reflectively be completely erected and built, they shall fie fitted up and furniftied, by order of the said commissioness, pr any five or more of them, as houses of correction are directed to be? by an act passed in the seventeenth year of his late majesty King George the Second (entitled. An act to amend and make morh effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of cor re diion;) and so soon as such houses of correction, or any of them respectively, shall be fit for the reception of offenders, the justices of the peace for the pounty of Gloucester shall have the like power and authority over the same respectively, as they have, by virtue of any law now in force, over those already erected or provided within the same county; and the said justices, at their first general or quarter sections after each of the said new houses of correction shall be so completely erected and furniftied, shall frame a body of orders and regulations for governing and regulating the same respectively, and for employing, relieying, and punishing the persons therein, according to the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned act, and shall then declare the same respectively to be fit for the reception of offenders, and shall make such prder for using the same accordingly, and for transferring offenders from the present houses of correction, as the successive completion of the said new houses of correction shall make proper, and the nature of the case shall require; and when all the said new houses of correction shall be completed, the old houses of correction for the said county shall no longer be used as such; and all the said new houses of correction shall, from the time of their being first used as such, together with the buildings, aqueducts, easements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, be repaired and supported in the same martner as houses of correction ought to be by the laws &qd statutes of the realm.

XXX And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sections for the said county of Gloucester, may, if they think fit, appoint an experienced surgeon or apothecary to attend the said penitentiary house, and each of such new houses of correction, at a stated salary, and may remove him, or vary his salary, from time to time; and every surgeon or apothecary so appointed, shall and is hereby directed to report to the said justices, at every general of quarter sections, a state of the health of the prisoners under his care.

XXXI And be it further enacted, That when the said penitentiary

house for the county oigloucefler shall, under the powers aforesaid, be erected and fitted up, so as to be ready for the reception of offenders, it shall be under the care and management of the justices of the peace of the said county for the tithe being, and shall from time to time be maintained, supported, and repaired by such ways apd means, and in such manner, as fioufes of correction n this fiihgdofti^sire by Jaw directed to be; gnd a fotm af proper officers*with fof^the

'govern,

, by

i£-.85»3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II C io. 25

government of the same, shall be appointed and made by the Justices of the peace for the said county, at their general or quarter sessions, under the powers herein after given them, the clerk of the peace for the said county shall, by order of the said justices, make certificate thereof to the justices of assize at the next ensuing assizes for the said county, or as soon after as conveniently may be; 'and from the time of receiving such certificate by inch justices of affile, the said penitentiary house shall be made use of as a penitentiary house for the county of Glou*- eester, for the reception and custody of such offenders as are herein after mentioned; (that is to say), where any person hath been or hall be, at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any assize, or any general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, of Gloucester, lawfully convicted of any crime or offence, for which he or she shall, by virtue of any statute now in force, or hereafter to be, made, be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour within any gaol, house of correction, or other proper place, within the said county, or where any such imprisonment and labour shall at any time be legally ordered as a condition of his majesty's royal mercy extended to any capital or tranfportable convieff, it shall be lawful for the court before which any such person shall be so convicted, or any court held for the said county, with like authority, or in the case of any offender who shall be so allowed the benefit of a conditional pardon, if no such court shall be sitting, for any judge or justice of the court by or before whom such offender shall have been convicted, to order and adjudge that such person shall be punished by being imprisoned and kept to hard labour in the said penitentiary house, for any term not exceeding the term for which such person was liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour in any gaol, house of correction, or other proper place, within the said county of Gloucejier.

XXXII And whereas difficulties frequently occur, which delay the carrying into execution sentences and orders of transportation of convicts to places beyond the feus, from whence great inconveniences arise to the said county of Gloucester, be it therefore further In what case enacted, That when and as soon as, and at any time after such tranfportable certificate shall be made by the clerk of the peace for the said Persons a county as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the sheriff or gaoler to the peni for the said county, having custody of any offender remaining tentiary ‘under sentence of transportation beyond the Teas, to cause every house. such offender to be conveyed to the said penitentiary house, there to remain until he or she be transported, or otherwise removed, according to law, or until he or she, by thb expiration of the term of such transportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his or her liberty; and the governor of the said penitentiary house shall have the custody of every such offender < during his or her confinement therein, and every, such offender fhalb be subjectt to the, difeipline, regulations, and restrictions hereih after provided, br directed to be provided, for employing? governing, smd freeing pffeqders therein confined:

: : : V C ' "/ ' ' " " ..... ........ ' provided

cjoo^ ic

26 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C io. [1785^

provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared. That the time during which such offender shall so continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be reckoned in, discharge, or part of discharge, or satisfaction, of the term of his or her transportation.

A proportion XXXIII Provided always. That notwithstanding a peniten ma°^be sent **ary ^ou^e ls by this act provided for the county of Gloucejier, to the national here shall Or may be fentfrom the same county, to the national penitentiary penitentiary houses to be erected under the said act of the nine house. teenth year of his present Majesty, or to any other place of reception

for tranfportable or other convicts, that may hereafter be provided in lieu thereof, the same proportion of offenders, in respect of the circuit to which the said county belongs, as if this act had not been made.

How offend XXXIV And be it further enacted, That when any offen ^harctlabour era adjudged to be kept to hard labour in the said penial! be con te&tiary house for the county of Gloucester, the clerk of assize, veyed to the or other clerk of the court in which such offender shall be con penitentiary vided, shall give to the sheriff or gaoler having the custody of house. such offender, a certificate in writing, containing an account of

the christian name, surname, and age, of such offender, of his or her offence, of the court before, which he or she was convicted, and of the term for which he or she shall be so ordered to hard labour; and such sheriff or gaoler shall forthwith, after receiving such certificate, convey such offender to the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester, and shall deliver him or her, together with such certificate, to the governor of the said penitentiary house, to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned; and in case the office of governor of the said penitentiary house shall happen to be distinct and separate from the office of gaoler, every such governor, or the person or persons acting for him, shall, under his or their hand or hands, give a K proper receipt in writing to such sheriff or gaoler, which shall be his sufficient discharge; and such governor shall transmit such certificate to the clerk of the peace for die said county of, Gloucejier, who shall file or preserve it with the records of the

sessions.

XXXV And, for defraying the expence'of building the said new gaol penitentiary house, and houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and of otherwise carrying this act into execution, be it County rates further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commis edtfotthe* fi°?ers>.at any meet^ng at which seven at lead shall be present, fxpencetof 6 rom r*me t0 t, neto borrow and take up, on mortgage of the the ad; county rates for the county of Gloucejier, by instruments in the form contained in the schedule. hereunto annexed, such sum or sums of money as to them shall appear necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid, at legal or lower interest, in separate and specific sums, not exceeding one hundred pounds each, and to take and receive any part of the.sum or sums of money, railed by^an "fp Appearing necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid, unities * any person or persons willing q pgy pr advance the same,

uport

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III cio, 27

upon annuities for any term of years, not exceeding twenty-five years, or for the life of the purchaser, and thereupon to charge the said county rates for the county of Gloucester, with such annuities, by instruments in the form also contained in the said schedule; and every such mortgage for the securing the payment of any principal money and interest, and every fitch charge for securing the i payment of any such annuity, shall be signed by the chairman, and three others at least of the said commissioners, at a meeting held under this at; and all such mortgages and charges, or securities, shall be clear of all fees and expenses from the person so advancing the money, and copies thereof shall be entered in a book or books to be kept by the clerk to the said commissioners; and all persons to whom such Securities mortgages and charges, or securities, shall be given, are hereby JP3? ^ af" impower^d, by indorfing their refpeddive names on the back *lgne thereof, as in the. case of promissory notes without stamps, or by writing or writings executed under his or their hand and seal, ' to transfer, or bargain, fell, and afiign the same, 2nd his, her, or their right to the principal money and interest, or annuity or annuities, thereby secured, to any person or persons whomsoever; who shall thereupon be entitled to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and he, (he, or they may, in like manner, transfer, or bargain, fell, and allign again, and so toties quoties; and all and every person or persons, to whom such mortgages and charges, or securities, or transfers or assignments thereof, shall be made, shall be creditors on the said county rates for the county of Gloucester, equally one with another, without any regard to priority of date of any such mortgage, charge, or (ecurity; but no annuity or annuities dial] be granted for the life of any one person, for any sum exceeding one hundred pounds per annum; and all transfers, sales, and assignments of annuities, shall (previous to any subsequent demand of payment in respect of the same) be notified to the said clerk, who shall cause an entry to be made, specifying the date thereof, and parties thereto, in. the book or books containing the original entry of the security, and shall be paid for each such entry one shilling and sixpence, and no more; and which said book or books may, at all seasonable times, be perused and infpeded by the creditors on the said rates, without fee or reward.

XXXVI Provided always, That the said commissioners shall Notice to be not proceed to treat and agree for any annuity or annuities as $iven of in aforesaid, until public adv|rtifement, containing the terms f trantannui? their proposals, and time of treating and agreeing for the same, es. shall have been inserted in some public newspaper circulating as aforesaid, at least fourteen days before such time of treating; and all such agreements shall be made in, open committee, to which all contributors to the county rates shall have free access, and the best bidder for every annuity shall be accepted as purchaser thereof; but nq apnuity foi twenty-five .years shall be

grants

Godgle

28 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C io. [1785;

granted for less than thirteen years purchase, and foin proportion for any annuity for a lesser number of years.

XXXVII 'Andy in order effectually to secure the regular and punctual discharge ojjhe intereji on the principal sums foto he borrowed on mortgage, and the growing payment of the said annuities, and further io provide for the paying off ofjuch principal fumsy be

Money to dif it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any five or charge inte more of them, may and shall, in every year after the passing of sge^and^o Mis act, Ml the whole of the principal sums herein before an pay annuities, thorifed to be borrowed shall have been repaid, with all interest to be taken for the same, receive the sum of two thousand pounds out of out of county the county rates for the said county of gloucejlery for which rates purpose they shall in every year make one or more order or orders

upon the treasurer of the said county, for payment of the said sum of two thousand pounds, either in one entire sum, or in parcels to the treasurer of the said commissioners; and the treasurer of the said county shall accordingly pay such sum or sums, in conformity to the said order or orders, or as soon after as his receipts from the said county rate shall enable him; and the justices of the peace for the said county shall, from time to time, at their general or quarter sessions, make such provision for augmenting the said county rate as the additional annual charge thereon, created by this act, shall require: and, in order to facilitate the payment of the interest on the said principal sums foto be borrowed, and of the said annuities, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to appoint a day or days in each year on which the interest of the said principal moneys, and the growing payments of the said annuities, as they shall rcfpedlively become due, shall from time to time be discharged, at the office of their treasurer, and which he is to pay accordingly, without fee; and the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within ten days previous to some one such day of payment in every year, to adjust and settle all books of account relative to the trust, in such manner that it may easily be seen what principal sums have been discharged, and what annuities or interest shall be growing due, and thereupon to make order for the regular discharge of .the same; and the said books, when so adjusted and settled, shall be (igned by the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, present at such meeting, and (hail be kept by the clerk to the said commissioners, and at ' all convenient leafons be open to the inspection of all persons

being creditors on the said county ate, or afiefled to the poors rates within the county of Gloucestery they paying to such clerk such fee for infpe.csting the same, as is herein before directed to be paid him for the inspection of the books of proceedings of the fajd commissioners.

XXXVIII And whereas it is intended that all the said mortgagee -' cr securities for the payment of any principal money Shall be liable ta

be discharged by the gradual operation of a ftnking fund without an31

partiality

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10.' 29

partiality or preference; be it therefore enacted, That as (bon Mode for dif as the said new gaol and penitentiary house, and new houses of charging correction, shall be completed, and before any money shall he mortgages, applied in discharge of any such mortgages as herein after directed, the said commissioners, or any live or more of them, shall appoint a general meeting of commiiliopers, of which fourteen days notice shall be given in some newspaper circulating as aforesaid, and to which all mortgages under this act shall be admitted; and all the said mortgages shall then and there be drawn by lot, by order of the commissioners present, and numbered according to the event of such drawing; and the mortgages so drawn and numbered shall be regularly discharged in succession, according to priority of number.

XXXIX And be it further enated, That the said annual Application of furn of two thousand pounds to be raised out of the said rate for he annual the county of Gloucester, shall, by order of the said com million raj?e(j°&c ers, or any five or more of them, from time to time be applied * in manner following; (that is to say), a sufficient part thereof shall in the first place be applied in paying all charges and expenses incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Expense of act, and in the next place in keeping down the interest of the passing this said principal furps foto be borrowed, and in paying the annul k; pinedowq ties foto be granted in manner aforesaid, and the surplus shall the interest, be applied in discharging the expenses of creeling, sitting up, and paying and furnishing the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and new the annuities; houses of correction for the said county; and when such last "aot&c -

mentioned expenses shall be entirely discharged, then such fur surplus for a ' plus dial! be applied as a sinking fund, for the gradual discharge sinking fund, of the principal sums borrowed as aforesaid.

XL And for establishing and enforcing a proper police within the said new gaol for the county of Gloucester, be it further enacted,

That before the opening of the said new gaol for the reception forestablish of prisoners, a body of rules, orders, and regulations, as bye !n * ce laws for the government of the said new gaol, and of the prie ncw foners to be therein confined, shall be framed, made, and confirmed, by such persons, and in such manner, as is appointed. for county gaols in general by a statute of the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for 34 Geo. relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons;; and to oblige debtors, who Shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act to make discovery of and deliver upon oath, their efates for their creditors benefit; and in the same rules, orders, and regulations, proper and particular directions shall be given for effectuating such separation and classing of prisoners as is hereinbefore directed in appointing how the same gaol shall be con 'itructed, with such further separation and classing as shall be thought requisite, and also as well for enforcing amongst the prisoners, cleanliness, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as forfecuring a just and humane treatment of them by the gaoler and his servants; and all directions contained

in

19 Car. arc. 4* recited.

Prisoners in the gaol may be fet to woi; k

Recital of an a 14 Eli 2.

Anno vicesimo quirito gfiorgli III C io. [*7$5*

in the said act, respecting such rules and orders, shall be exactly conformed to.

XLI And whereas, by an act of the nineteenth year of King Charles the Second? entitled. An act for relief of poor prisoners, and setting them on work after reciting that there was not any sufficient provision made for the relief and setting on work of poor and needy persons committed to the common gaol for felony and other misdemeanours, who many times perish before their trial, and the poor there living idly and'unemployed, become debauched, and come forth instructed in the practice of thievery and lewdriefs, it is enabled. That the jujhces of the peace, in their respective counties, at any their general sessions, if they Shall find it needful foto do, may provide a stock ofjuch materials as they find convenient for the setting poor prisoners on work, in such manner and by such ways as other county charges may be levied and raised, and to pay and provide fit persons to over/ee and fet such prisoners on work, and make such orders, for accounts of and concerning the premijes, as J, hall by them be thought needful, and for punishment of neglects and other abuses, and for be jloiving of the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners seton work for their relief, which fall be dulyj/bferved \ and may alter, reyoke, or amend such their orders from time to time, provided that no parish be rated above sixpence by the week towards the premises, having respect to the respective values of the several parishes: and whereas the provision of the said recited statute is very fit to be executed with respect to such prisoners therein defcribea, as Shall be confined in the said new gaol for the county fl/'gioucester, with an extension thereof to all other prisoners inclined to take the benefit thereof, and also an increase of the sum limited by the said act, for defraying the expense of executing the same; be it therefore enacted, That the justices of the peace for the said county of Gloucester shall have autho ' rity to execute the said recited provision in the said last mentioned al, for setting poor persons on work, as well in regard to such persons as are therein described, as in favour of all other prisoners within the said new gaol, who may at any time be inclined' and willing to work, and for that purpose are hereby authorised, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direct the payment of such sums of money, out of the county rate for the said county, as they shall from time to time think fit to be expended in executing the provision of the said last mentioned ad, according to the extension thereof, hereby made.

XLIL And whereas, by an act of the fourteenth year of ^ueen .Elizabeth, entitled. An act how vagabonds shall be punished, and the poor relieyed, as also by the abovementioned act of the. thirty second year of King George the Second, some provision is made for the relief of prisoners, but, notwitkflan ding the humane purposes thereby intended, the health of prisoners is frequently fa affected, by want of necejfdry food, as to render them incapable of labour when released; and therefore it may be expedient to have a new and more extensive provision in favour of such poor prisoners as shall be confined. in the said gaol for the county of Gloucester, and have not any means

Y

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10. 31

of acquiring necessary fuftehance\ be it therefore enabled, That, Justices may from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the ?rder food justices of the peace for the said county oigloucester, at their neceffa^for general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, from fupp0rtof time to time to order such sum or sums of money to be paid health, out of the county rate of the said county, towards assisting such. prisoners of every description, as, being confined within the said gaol, are not able to work, or being able, cannot procure employment sufficient to sustain themselves' by their industry, or who may not be otherwise provided for by virtue of any law or statute, or of any custom or order, such food and raiment as the said justices shall from time to time think necessary for the support of health, and such money shall accordingly be applied in conformity to directions to be given by the said justices.

XLIII Andy for regulating the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester, settling the government and police thereof \ be it further enabled, That previoufty to the opening of the fr regulat said penitentiary house for the reception of offenders, the justices in Peni of the peace for the said county shall, at one or more general house "and pr quarter sessions for the said county (at which seven at lead police'thereof shall be present), appoint a governor or task master of the said penitentiary house, and such other officers, and with such salaries and allowances for the said governor and other officers, as they the said justices shall deem necessary; and afterwards the justices of the peace for the said county shall from time to time have power, at their general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, to appoint and remove the governor and other officers of the said penitentiary house, and to appoint others in their (lead, and to increase or diminifti the number of the officers, exclusive of the governor, and also to alter the salaries and allowances of such governor and other officers, as the said justices shall from time to time find convenient; and in fixing the salary and allowance of such governor or task master, the justices shall have regard, so far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in such penitentiary house, that it may become the interest as well as duty of such governor or task master to see that all persons under his custody be regularly and profitably employed; and further, fudh governor and other officers shall give such security for the performance of their respective duties, as the said justices from time to time, at any such general or quarter sessions, shall appoint; and such governor and other officers, for any negligence or mkbehaviour in their respective offices, may either be proceeded against on the security lb to be given, or shall be fineable by the justices of the peace for the said county, at any general or quarter sessions, in the same manr ner as the governor of any house of correction is fineable, by justices of the peace, by an act passed in the fevemh year of .King James the First, entitled, An act for the due execution of 7 Jac. 1. C 4i diverts laws. and jlatuus heretofore made against roguesy vagabonds, X r. / and

'3i

Justices to make byelaws and orders respect ing the penitentiary house.

19 Geo. 3. C 74*

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10'. [1785a

andjlurdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons, or by the aforesaid act of the seventeenth year of King George the Second; and if any governor of any penitentiary house, being removed by any order of the said justices at their general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall refuse or negle6l to quit the possession of the said penitentiary house, for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace for the county of Gloucester, any two or more justices of the peace for the said county, upon proof before them of such order of removal, such notjee thereof, and such neglect or refusal to comply with the same, may, by warrant under their hands and teals, direct the sheriff of the said county to remove such governor out of the said penitentiary house, and the (beriff shall accordingly clear the possession thereof in like manner as upon a writ of Habere Facias Pojfefftonem.

XLIVY And be it further enacted, That, previous to the opening of the said penitentiary house for the reception of offenders, the justices of the peace for the said county of glou cejler shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, at some general or quarter sections for the said county, to make such bylaws, rules, and orders, for receiving, separating classing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reform ing, governing, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, during their respective confinement in the^aid penitentiary house, and also for adjusting what aid shall be given to them, as well during such confinement as on their being released, as to the said justices shall seem most fit and proper; but no such bylaws, rules, and orders, shall be made at any such sessions, unless seven justices at least shall be present; and in making such bylaws, rules, and orders, the said justices shall have regard to the difeipline, provisions, and directions, contained in the aforesaid at of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders concerning the two national penitentiary houses therein mentioned, as nearly as to the said justices shall appear to be con liftent with the more limited design of the penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester; and further, such bylaws, rules, and orders, foto be made as aforesaid, shall not begin to have force till they have been submitted to the justices of assize, at the assizes which shall beholden for the said county next after the making of such bylaws, rules, and orders, or at some subsequent assizes, and the said justices of assize shall have fub feribed a declaration, that they do not see anything contrary to law in the said bylaws, rules, and orders, foto be made as aforesaid, and all such bylaws, rules, and orders, shall be afterwards added to or altered, from time to time, as often as the said justices of the peace for the said county, at any general or quarter sessions (at which seven at least shall be present) shall think necessary, and such additions or alterations shall also in like manner be submitted to the justices of assize, at any assizes

for

— _

17s5.] Anno vicesimo quinto gsorgii III C id. 33

for the said county, in manner aforesaid; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be xonftrued to extend, to deprive any convict confined in the said new gaol or penitentiary house of the benefit of any weekly or other allowance which has usually been or hereafter maybe granted or made by virtue of any law statute, custom, or order for the purpose of maintaining and supporting convicted prisoners; provided only, that the application of all and every such allowance shall be subject to such limitations and restrictions as may be contained in the bye laws rules, and orders, herein directed to be made for the government and police of the said gaol and penitentiary house.

XLV And be it further etiaded* That the governor of the Powers of the said new penitentiary Ivouse, and his affiftarits, shall have the governor of same powers over the offenders to be confined therein as are in tiary house *

to the office of a sheriff, or of a gaoler, and in like man * *

be answerable for the escape of any offender within his custody; and moreover the said governor shall have power to hear complaints, add examine any persons touching offences and determine and punish the same (except by whipping) in such and the same manner as the gqvernor of each penitentiary house directed to be built by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, is by the same ad empowered to do; and in case of the repetition of such offences, or in case of offences more enormous which the said governor of the said new penitentiary house is not by this act empowered to punish, the said governor shall report the same to the visiting justices of the said penitentiary house, or one of them for the time being to be appointed as herein after is directed; and such justices, or one of them shall have power to inquire upon oath and de rermine concerning all such offences so reported to them and shall order such offenders to be punished in such and the same manner as the committee appointed by the said last mentioned ad are thereby empowered to do respecting offenders and offences in each of the penitentiary houses thereby directed to be built; and if any person ordered to hard labour in the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucejier shall, at any time during the term for which he or she shall be so ordered break prison, or shall escape from the said penitentiary house, or in the conveyance to the same or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender; or if any person shall refeue any offender, who by force of this act shall be ordered to hard labour in the said penitentiary house for the county of *

Gloucejier, either during his or her conveyance thereto or whilst such offender shall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or she shall be confined; or if any person shall be aiding or assisting in any such refeue; or if any person, having such custody as an afiiftant, shall, voluntarily or negligently permit such offender to escape; or if any person shall, by supplying arms, tools, instruments, or means of disguise, or otherwise in any manner aid or assist any such of vol. XXXV D fender

Cj oo^ic

Provifrons of Ad 19 Geo. 3. relating to escapes, C to be extended to the penitentiary house.

Expenses of the penitentiary house to be paid out of the county rate.

Jn dices to be appointed to infped the gaol, Sec.;

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10. [1785.

fender in any escape, or in any attempt to make an escape, though no escape be actually made; every such offence as aforesaid shall be pcmilhed in the same manner as the like offence would be punishable under the before mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, directing two national penitentiary houses to be built, if such had been committed by or in respect to any person ordered to hard labour in either of the said two penitentiary houses therein mentioned.

XLVI And be it further enacted, That the provision.made in and by the said ast of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for carrying on. prosecutions for escapes, attempts to escape, breaches of prison, and refeues, in the case of persons adjudged to either of the said penitentiary houses thereby directed to be built shall extend and be applied to any profecutidn for any escape, attempt to escape, breach of prison, or refeue, in the case of any person who, under this act, shall be adjudged to the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester.

XLVIL And be it further enacted, That from time to time, and at all times after first opening the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester for the reception of offenders, the expenees of repairing the same, with the buildings, easements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, and of providing proper implements, with (lock of materials for work, to be used there in, and the salaries and allowances to the governor and other officers thereof, together with the aid, adjusted as aforesaid, to be given to prisoners, as well during their confinement, as on their being released, and all other charges and expenees necessary for supporting the said penitentiary house, in conformity to the directions and intent of this act, shall be paid out of the county rate, by the treasurer of the county oi Gloucester, and the justices of the peace for the said county shall, from time to time, make provision for the same out of the county rate; and the said penitentiary house shall, in all other respects not herein particularly provided for, be considered as a house of correction for the county of Gloucester, and be subject to the various statutes and provisions made and now in force, for the managing, regulating, and repairing houses of correction*

XLVIII And, for better preventing all abuses, as well in the said new penitentiary house as in the said new gaol, and new houses of correction, for the said county of Gloucester, the justices of the peace shall, at every Michaelmas general or quarter session 5 which shall be held for the said county, after the beginning to receive offenders in the said gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, respectively appoint two or more justices visitors of the said new gaol and penitentiary house, and of the said house of correction contiguous thereto, and also two or more other justices visitors for each of the said four other houses of correction; and such visiting justices, so respectively appointed, shall, either together or singly, personally visit and infped each such prison at least three times in each quarter of a year, and ofterier if occasion shall require, and (hail examine « into

Anno vicesimo quitito Oegagh. Ilf. g. iq. .3$

Into the state of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the respective officers, and the treatment and condition of the prisoners the amount of their earnings, and the expenses attending each prison respectively, and in matters of pressing necessity, and within the powers of their commission as justices, shall take cognizance therein, and proceed to regulate and redress the, same $ and at every general or quarter sessions of the peace, the and report to laid visiting justices respectively shall make a report in writing tiie sessions' of the state and condition of the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and new houses of correction, and of all abuses which may occur to their observation therein \ and the chairman of the said sessions is hereby required to call upon the said visitors for such report 3 and further, it shall be lawful for every justice of the peace for the said county, of his own accord, and without being appointed a visitor, to enter into the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, respectively, and to examine the same, at such time or times, and as often as he Shall think sir, and if be shall discover any abuses therein, he is hereby required to report them in writing at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held ior the said county; and when and as often as report of any abuses in the said gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, or either of them, shall be made by the said visiting justices, or, either of them, or by any other justice of the peace for the said county, the abuses so reported shall be taken into immediate consideration by the justices of the peace for the said county, at the general or quarter sessions at which such report shall be made, and they are hereby required to adopt the most effectual measures for inquiring into and rectifying such abuses as soon as the nature of the case will allow.

XLIX And be it further enacied, That no keeper of the Keepers or said new gaol, or governor of the said penitentiary house, nor governors not any person or persons in trust for or employed by such keeper |° ^ or governor, or who shall have any office or employment as tcntiar^ assistant, or otherwise, under such keeper or governor, (hail fell, house. or be capable of being licensed to sell, or have any benefit or advantage whatsoever, directly or indirectly, from the sale of any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors/ufed in such gaol or penitentiary house; and every person offending therein shall, on complaint made on oath, and conviction before one justice of the peace, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

**- L And whereas a considerable part of the emolument of gaoler or keeper of the gaol for the county of Gloucester has usually arisen from fees paid to him by debtors and other persons confined therein, and from incidental charges made by him on the county rate, on the dif tnijjion ofprisoners, and on the removal of tran [ports, and, by reason qfneglect in regulating the said fees, as directed by the aforesaid ail if the thirty second year of King George the Second, they are become ' ipprejfive and burdensome to poor prisoners, and such charges on the xouniy rate are liable to frequent abuse; be it therefore enacted, ju(tice9 to That the justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester, af settle a table

Da sembled of fe€s*

Anno vicesimo quitito Georgii III C io. [ 1785.

sembled at their general or quarter felfions, or at some special adjournment thereof, held for such express purpose, shall, and they are hereby required, within one year after the reception of prisoners in the said new gap], to regulate and settle a table of fees and rates to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of the said gaol; and the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to alter, vary, or totally disallow of all or any such charges and sees, and to order a copy of the table of fees, so regulated, to be hung up in the court of assize and quarter sessions for the said county, and another copy thereof to be transmitted to the said gaoler or keeper, who shall cause the same to be hung up in some conspicuous place within the said gaol; and all orders and directions contained in the said last mentioned al, refpefitng the table of fees and rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of prisons, shall be conformed to as if the same were herein particularly enacted and repeated; and, by way of recompense for any diminution of emolument in the office of gaoler or keeper of the said new gaol, by means of any such regulation of fees, or by the disallowing any such charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of ail or any part of the profits and emoluments that have usually arisen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby further authorised and empowered to grant such fa ries and allowances to the said gaoler or keeper, and to his assistants, as to the said justices shall appear reasonable and satis fadtory, and from time to time to alter and vary the same as they shall think fit, and further to order and direct the said salaries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate by the treasurer of the said county, upon an order or orders signed by the chairman of any general or quarter sessions of the peace held for the said county, specifying the salary and allowance so directed to be paid : provided always, That no such regulation of fees and charges, or any subsequent alteration thereof, shall be made, nor shall any such salary and allowance, or any alteration thereof be fixed and determined at any general or quarter sessions, or special adjournment thereof, unless fourteen days pub lick notice at the least shall have been given, by advertisement in some newspaper circulating as aforesaid, signed by the clerk of the peace, and specifying that such regulation of fees and charges, or such grant of salaries and allowances, will be taken - into consideration; and no such regulation of fees and charges, or any subsequent alteration thereof, or any variation in such salaries and allowances, so granted, that may in any wise affect the sheriff or his officers, shall take place, or have effedi, pending the continuance in office of the sheriff who shall be adiually in commission at the time of making such regulation, or any alteration thereof, or of varying such salaries and allowances, unjefc such sheriff shall, by writing under his hand, consent thereto; and the said justices, in granting to any gaioler or keeper any such salary or allowance, may stipulate, as a condi

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 10. 37

tion of the payment thereof, that he do regularly observe and keep the bylaws, rules, and orders of the said gaol.

LI And it is hereby further expressly provided. That no No allowance such; salary and allowance shall be paid out of the said county to be made to rate to any woman, or other person incapable of executing the fncapable^f office in person, who may at any time be appointed gaoler or performing keeper of the said gaol; hut in case any gaoler or keeper shall, the office, from confirmed sickness, age, or infirmity, become incapable Gaolers be of so executing his office in person, the justices of the peace for come infirm the said county, at any their general or quarter sessions, at which seven at the least shall be present, shall take the circumstances ance from the of the case into their consideration, and if he shall be found to salary of the have executed his office with diligence, honesty, and fidelity, officiating they are hereby empowered to grant him such an annuity as saoi€r* they, in their discretion, shall think proportioned to the merits and time of his service, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, and may dedud the amount thereof from the falaryvallowed to the officating gaoler or keeper, or, if they shall think fit,, may order the payment of the whole, or any part thereof, out of the county rate for the county of Gloucejier.

LII And be it further enabled. That the justices of the peace moneycharg for the county of Gloucejier shall cause such sum or sums of ed on county money as may be necessary from time to time for all or any the jaife^as^di purposes of this act, and as is or are hereby charged on the reded by 1* county rate, to be raised in the same manner as county rates are Geo. 2. C 29. directed to be raised by an act made in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more easy ajfejsing, colie Sting) and levying of county rates.

LIII And be it further enacted, That all and (ingular the All laws ap laws and statutes of this realm, which, from the nature of the plicable to the case, can be applied to the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, for the county of Gloucejier, or to the extended to building, sitting up, apd repairing the same respectively, or to it. the ordering, governing, and transferring prisoners to be confined therein, shall extend to the said new gaol, penitentiary house, an, d houses of correction, and .prisoners, in the same manner as if the same laws and statutes were herein particularly enacted and repeated, and applied to. the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction.

LIV And be it further enacted, That all fines, forfeitures, Penalties and and penalties inflicted by this act, or which shall be inflicted by forfeitures virtue of any bye law, rule, or order, to be made in pursuance covered^and" thereof, the levying and recovering of which are not particu applied, larly herein directed, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of two justices of the peace for the county of Gloucejier) who are hereby authorised to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and determine the same; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this act imposed; and inflicted, or authorised to be imposed and inflicted, the application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, (hah'

- d3 be

38 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 10. [1785,

be paid from time to time to the treasurer of the said commissioners for the time being, so long as there shall be such an cer, and when, by the operation of this act, 'the office of treasurer to the said commissioners shall cease, then to the treasurer for the time being of the said county of Gloucester, and shall be applied and disposed of for the purposes of this a, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever; and the overplus of the, money raised by such distress and sale, after deducing the penalty,

and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner of the goods distrained; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed by such justices to some house of eorre&ion for the said county, for such term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, as such justices shall think proper.

LV And) for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders How justices against this a ft, be it further enacted; That all and every the t proceed for juftjce or justices of the peace, before whom any person or per osders? 0t f°ns be corvvi<aed of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the convidfcion to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the same efsect, as the case shall happen,; (videlicet).;

Form of con tje it remembered, f'hat on the in the year

vi&ion. J of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

A. B. is convicted before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of specifying the offence,

and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be].

Given under my hand and seal the day and year Jftrft above men honed.

Appeals. LVL Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if

any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything, done in pursuance of this act, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general or quarter feffioo of the peace to be held for the county of Gloucester, within six calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have, arisen, such appellant first giving, or causing to be giver, eight clear days notice at least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or justices of the peace, before whom the conviction shall have been had, and to the clerk to the said commissioners, and within four days after such notice enter into recognisance, before some justice of the peace for the said county, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the Order of, and. to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter session; and the justices at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognisance, shall hear and finally determine the causes

and

39

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL C 10.

and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices. shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

LVII And be it further enabled, That no order made touch Proceedings ing or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or notn^for any proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convic ^antofform. tions of any offender or offenders against this act, shall be quaffed for want of form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and that where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful; nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall such party or parties be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (if any) in an action upon the case; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party distraining, before such action brought.

LVIII And be it further enabled. That if any suit or action Persons pro shall be prosecuted against any person or persons, for anything fecuted may done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead ™aera\ ue the general issue, and give this actor the special matter, in s evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue joined, or if, on demurrer or other wise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the and recover like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other treble costs. cases; arid though a verdict shall be given for any plaintiff, in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have Costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the action, and of the verdict obtained thereupon.

LIX And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and Limitation of prosecutions, to be commenced against any person or persons a&ione. for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the facts were committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact committed, and not otherwise >

LX And be if further enacted. That this act shall be deemed Public act..

D 4 a pub

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii 111* C io. [1785,

a public j and be taken notice of as such in all courts, and by all persons whom foe vcr.

The S C H E D U L E to which this Act refers.

Form of Mortgage upon the County Rates, far securing the Money borrowed

of the commtjf oners for executing certain powers in an act paffied in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third entitled, An act for building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for regulating the same, being assembled at a meeting of which the said is chairman,

held under the said act, at on the

day of one thousand seven hundred and ^ ^ ^,

do hereby mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the said county, under the description of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment of the sum of which

of hath proposed and

agreed io lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the expense of building the said new gaol, penitentiary house and houses of correction, and of otherwise carrying the said act into execution; and we do: hereby confirm and ejlablifb the said mortgage and charge hereby made unto the said his executors, adminijlrators, and assigns, for securing the repayment of the said sum of and interejlfor

the same, after the rate of per centum per

annum, and do order the treasurer to the said commissioners to pay the interest of the said sum of half yearly, as the

same f hall become due, until the principal Shall be discharged, purfuani to the directions of the said act.

'1

Form of Charge upon the Qounty Rates for securing the Annuities.

WE, cas in the form of the mortgage] do hereby, in con jideratton of the sum of which

of hath propojed and agreed to pay, and hath

now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the expense of building the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, and of otherwise carry ing the said act into execution, charge and wake chargeable all the rates to be raised within the said county, under the description of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment to the said his executors, administrators,

and assigns, of one annuity or yearly sum of for the term of years [or, the life of the said

years [or, the life of the said as the case may require] \ and we do

hereby

4*

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 11 — 15*

hereby confirm and ejlablifb the f aid annuity or yearly sum unto the aid his executors, adminifirators, and aj/igns,

and do order the treasurer to the aid commissioners to pay the aid annuity or yearly sum half yearly, as the same Shall become due, pursuant to the directions in the said act.

CAP. XI

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service.of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five. —? 1, 500, 0001. railed as by malt act of this session.

CAP. XII

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty rvc. — «* 1, 000, 0001. raised more as by malt act of this session *

A P. XIII

An act for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, in the county

of Perth.

CAP. XIV

An act for draining and preserving certain lowlands, within the parish of Timberland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XV

An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool.

, Recital of 8 Annae, C 12. for making a dock at Liverpool, and enabling the trustees to borrow 6, qoq1. Act 3 Geo. 1. for enlarging the term granted by the recited act, and for borrowing 4, 0001. more. Recital of 11 Geo. 2. C 31. for enlarging the, term and powers of the former acts, and for borrowing 6, 0001. more for making an additional wet dock and dry pier. Recital of an act z Geo. 3. for enlarging the term and powers of the former acts, and for borrowing 25, 0001. for paying former debts, and building another dock. Recital that another wet dock, cf hath been built pursuant to the said act. 22, 5501. now due io creditors. The present docks are not sufficient to hold the ftiipping,

Two Other wet docks requiflte. Corporation of Liverpool have contrasted to purchase the fcite of several timber yards, and other ground, on the west side of Wapping street, there extending southwardly from the duke pf Bridgewater's yard and dock, up to Toxteth Park; out of which grounds to be appropriated, viz. beginning at the northerly boundary of Toxteth Park, and running from thence northwardly 260 yards;

: apd from Wapping westwardly ii5\yards for one dock; and for the

there, a slip Or the westernmost pairt^of thejaid purchased premises, extending from the duke of Bridgewater's yard and dock southwardly 386 yards, and in breadth 45 yards; for which, or so much as shall be to appropriated, the corporation to be paid in proportion to their purchase. And for a basin for both the said docks, it is agreed to appropriate a piece of waste ground, lying to the westward of the former, extending from the duke of bridgewater's dock and yard southwardly 45* yards; from June 1, 1785, to be appropriated for the new docks ahd basin. Power to the common council to erect two new docks.

The

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C i [1785.

The duties continued, from the expiration of the term in ad a Geo. 3, for forty*one ye&rs. 70, 000!. to be raised by virtue of this act, subject to all pripr encumbrances. Application thereof, first for expenses of the ad, then to pay former debts, and after for making, eredine, building, and finishing such docks, piers, and other works, as this addirected; and for maintaining, C the three present wet docks, and the buoys and landmarks, beaeons, or perches, Sec. erected in pursuance of former, or this act, and to pay the purchase money to the corporation. One third of the duties to be paid for ever. Reservation to the corporation of the ground not used for the docks. Property of the docks, C vetted in the trustees. Extension of all the clauses relating .to the other docks, to the two intended docks, C Saving of rights of the corporation of Liverpool, and all other persons. Public act,

CAP, XVI

An act for taking' down the present market house, and certain other buildings, in the town of Uxbridge, for the purpose of widening The High Street; and for paving the foot ways, and lighting andcleanf ing the streets and other places within the said town, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for changing the course of the road between mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said market house.

Powers of the act to be exercised by a majority of trustees, who may appoint officers, and allow them salaries, and to take security from their treasurer, and may treat for the purchase of houses, C Incapacitated persons empowered to sell and convey. If such persons refuse to treat, Sec. a jury to be summoned. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of jury, C to be binding; and to be registered. Sheriff, Sec. neglecting his duty, may be fined 101. jurymen 51. On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed. On default thereof, or if any defect in the title, the purchase money to be placed out for the use of the persons entitled thereto. Purchase money for premises in settlement, to be laid out to the like uses. Trustees having obtained possession of houses, to cause the same to be pulled down, and materials sold, for the purposes of the ad. After the street is widened, trustees to cause a market place to be set out, and market house built. New market house, when built, vetted in the lords of the manor of Uxbridge. Power to change the course of the road. Pavements, C vetted in the trustees. Trustees empowered to cause the streets to be paved, C No person to alter the pavement. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, C not more than 408. nor less than 10s. Persons accidentally breaking lamps, Sec. to make good the damage. Sign, C to be regulan ed. Trustees not to remove trees, C where the carriageway is thirty feet wide. Application of the money subscribed to pay expenses, and the overplus (if any) to be laid out for the benefit of subscribers. sta e tute duty and composition, and contribution in lieu thereof, to continue to be performed and paid. Surveyor to be appointed. Surplus of the composition and contribution money (after repairing the roads) to be applied in paving the foot ways, Stc. Penalties and forfeitures to b, e recovered by distress and sale of goods, and to be applied for the purposes of the act, Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions; giving fourteen days notice. Limitation of aftiona. General issue. Treble costs. Not to diminifti the rights of the lords of the manor, Public act.

CAR

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 17, 18.

C A R XVII

An act to enable the house of commons to authorise the select com mittee, appointed to try the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election for the county of Bedford, to proceed in case the said feleti committee Shall be reduced to a lefi number than is prescribed by an act, made ' in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

HE R E A S the select committee appointed to try and deter Preamble. mine the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election and return for the county of Bedford, have made a considerable progress in the matters to them referred, but are now, by the indifpofttion of two of the members of the said select committee, reduced to thirteen; and if the said committee Should be further reduced, by the indifpofttion or death of any of the members remaining on the said select committee, the same would be dijsolved, which would be attended with manifejl injury and' inconvenience io the parties concerned; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That if the said feled committee shall, by jhe indjlpofi If the com tioft or death of any of the said members of the said feled com mihttee be mittee, be further reduced to eleven, it shall be lawful for the the houf^of1* house of commons, upon application made to them for that commons purpose, to authorise and direst the said feled committee tomaydired proceed in the matters referred to them, and report upon the to Pr

same; which report shall be deemed to be as valid as if the report,

number of the said feled committee had not been reduced to eleven; anything in an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament jf, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII j

An act to empower the justices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate for the county fl/'middlesex, to continue to hold a session of gaol delivery Newgate, begun to be held before the ejfoign day of term, and sitting of the king's bench at westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such ejfoign day, or the sitting of the said court of king's bench at Westmmfter, or elfetvhere in the said county Middlesex.

HE REAS, by the present law of this realm, the power Preamble and authority of justices, appointed and authorised under and by virtue of any commission of oyer and terminer, or any commission of gaol delivery awarded into and for any county or place are suspended

h

43

44 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 19. [1785,

by the coming and sitting of his majesty's court of king's bench in such county or place: and whereas it hath oftentimes happened that the' gaol of Newgate in London hath not been delivered of all the prisoners in it nbr the business of a Jession of gaol delivery of the said gaol ^ Newgatethe county of M id d 1 e fe X finally concluded before the ejfoign day of term, and the sitting of his said maj.efiys court of king's bench at Westminster in the said county of Middlesex, by reason whereof diverse prisoners in the [aid gaol Newgate have remained untried at such session, and have been kept and continued in the said gaol until the following session, to the great inconvenience of the public, to the mdnifefi hindrance and delay of justice, to the prevention of speedy and condign punishment being inflicted on offender sx and to the great increase of the number of prisoners confined in the said gaol, from which the mofl alarming and dangerous consequences are at times dreaded and likely to ensue: may it therefore pleafo your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, hy and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this, present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. After May 3, That, from and after the third day of May, one thousand seven if aowte0" hundred and eighty-five, when any session of oyer and terminer ifreryofnew an delivery of the said gaol of Newgate for the said county gate for Mid of Middlesex9 shall have been begun to be held before the dlesex, not to effoign day of any term, that the same session shall and paay be ** continued to be held, and the buiinefs thereof finally con

sitting of the notwithstanding the happening of such eltoign day of

cm^rt of any termor the sitting of his majesty's said court of king's, kiwg's bench, bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said county of middle sex and that all trials, judgements, proceedings, alts, deeds, matters and things whatsoever, and all proceedings, alts, deeds, matters and things, in pursuance of such judgements had, made, and done at such session so continued to be held after the efloign day of any term, or the sitting of his fajd majesty's court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said county of middhfexy shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be foto all intents and, purposes whatsoever; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

Public II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

this act shall and shall be deemed and taken to be a public alt.

CAP. XIX

An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may ex if in the same; and to report such cbfervations as Shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

Preamble. WHERE AS it is highly expedient for the public servicey YV. that an inquiry should be made respecting the expenses in the

different

1785.] Anno vicesimo qufoto georgii III C tg* ^5

different offices and departments of his Majeftfs government hereinafter mentioned, and the fees, gratuities perquisites, and emoluments received and taken therein, with a view to such regulations as ball be judged expedient and proper for the correction of abuses which may have arisen, and to effiecf such savings as may be made in each \ that is to say The offices and departments under the management of the commissioners of his Majeftfs treasury, the commissionersfor executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, his Majesty's principal secretaries offate, the master general, the lieutenant general, the purveyor general, and officers composing the board of ordnahee* the paymaster general of his Majesty's foroes, his Majesty's secretary at war, the treasurer of his Majeftfs navy, the commissioners of his Majesty's navy, the commissioners for victualling his Majesty's navy, the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, the commissioners of the excise in England and Scotland re fpeclively, the commissioners for sick and hurt seamen, the commtf jioners for taxes, the commissioners for Jiamps, the commissioners for salt duties, the postmaster general, the surveyor general of the land revenue, the auditors of the land revenue, the surveyor general of Woods and for efts, the commissioners for hackney coaches, and the com fniffitohers for hawkers and pedlars: be it therefore enacted by the fcing's moll: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury, for the Lords of the office of the treasury, for the office of paymaster general of his treasury, kc. majesty's foroes, the offices of customs and excise in England turnjjffees and Scotland respectively, the offices of taxes, (lamps, and salt C taken in' duties, the offices of the postmaster general, surveyor general, their respec and auditors of the land revenue, surveyor general of the woods tive depart and forests, and also for the offices for hackney coaches, and for hawkers and pedlars, respectively; that the commissioners floner8 Prefer executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, in after nam for the admiralty, for the treasurer of the navy, for the offices ed. of the navy and victualling, and for sick and hurt seamen, respectively; and the principal secretaries of (late for their several offices, the matter general of the ordnance for the office of ordnance, his majesty's secretary at war for his office, shall, with all convenient speed, lay the returns of the fees, gratuities, perquisites, arid emoluments, usually taken, demanded, or received, by any clerk or officer within any of the before mentioned offices or departments respectively, or copies thereof, together with copies of the annual establi foments', and also of the incident bills for defraying the contingent expenses of the said offices or departments, as they respectively flood in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or in such preceding and subsequent years as they shall judge mod convenient, before sir John Dick baronet, and William Mollefon esquire, comptrol Names of lers of the army accounts, together with Francis Baring esquire, commission who are hereby conflicted commissioners for making the en ers: quiries intended by this at: and that the said commissioners, their duty.

or

^dsmo qdritib Ilf. €.19. [178^*

dir any two of them, shall, arid they are hereby required to take into their consideration all the said returns establishments, aid.. bills, arid shall proceed thereupon according to such Iriftruflions and directions as they shall from time to time receive from the king's most excellent majesty in council; and the said commissioners shall, from time to time, report and certify their proceedings, in writing under the hands and seals of them or any two of them, to the king in council, upon each office or department, specifying what officers and clerks belong to or are employed in the same, and what is the duty, services, and attendance required of them, together with the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments which the said officers and clerks, or their substitutes or under clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take for or in respect of their several offices and places; adding, at the same time, such observations as shall occur to them, and such plans, either for correction and improvement, or for abolishing or regulating any of the said fees gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, or for carrying into execution the general purposes of this act, as may appear to them proper to be adopted for the time to come; and in particular, the said commissioners shall, in all cases in which they shall be of opinion that any fees ought to continue to be taken in any of the said offices or departments, consider and report whether it will be practicable to appoint a person to receive and distribute the same, under the directions of the several boards or principal officers, hi such mariner, and in such proportions, as shall be hereafter settled.

Commission II And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ers may take ]awful to and for the said commissioners, or any two of them, o^oath^10118 anc they are hereby empowered, authorised, and required, to 9 examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer) the several persons employed under the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury, the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, the principal secretaries of state, the matter general of the ordnance, and his majesty's secretary at war, and the several persons in any other of any of the offices or departments before mention edj whom they shall think fit to summon at such time or times as shall be fixed, on application to be made to the principals of the said offices for such purpose, and all other persons who have had any dealings or transactions with the said offices, or the representatives of such persons, whom the said commissioners or any two of them, shall thirik fit to examine, touching the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments taken therein, and touching all other matters and things necessary for the execution of the powers vetted in the said commissioners by this at; all which persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said commissioners, at such time and place as lhafll be appointed, arid alfoto obferveand execute such orders and directions as the said commissioners, or any two of them', shall make or give for the purposes before mentioned.

III And

1785.] Anno vicesimo qiiltito gfiorgll ITI. C 19* 47

III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the arid may send said commissioners, or any two of them, shall be, and are here for persons, by empowered to examine into any corrupt and fraudulentpape1^' ani practises, or other mifcondu<9:, as far as relates to the purposes recor 8* intended by thi^a^t, committed by any person or persons concerned in the management of any of the offices or departments

herein before mentioned : and, for the better execution of this present act, the said commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to meet and sit, from time to time, in such place or places within the cities of London and Westminster, as they shall find mod convenient, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records relating to any of the offices or departments herein before mentioned, as shall be necessary for carrying into execution the purposes of this act.

IV And be it further enabled, That the said commissioners, Commission named in this act, before they enter upon the execution of the £rs t0 be same, shall take an oath, before the chancellor of the exche worn quer for the time being (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer), the tenor whereof shall be as followeth;

that is to say:

I A. B. do wear, That, according to the hest of my skill and know their oath, ledge, I will faithfully impartially, and truly, execute the several powers and trujh vejled in me by an act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned 5 to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such obfer* vaticns as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said offices; according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaicf,

That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon Penalty on oath before the said commissioners respectively, as before men giving false tioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every evidence, such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted,

shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 7

That in case of a vacancy or vacancies by death or refigna On death, C tion of any one or more of the said commissioners, during the ofacomraif continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Ma Majestymay jesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may appoint a fuc think proper, to Cupply such vacancy or vacancies; and that ceffor. every person so nominated and appointed (having taken the oath of office abovementioned) shall be held and considered to

be

4?

Continuance of this act.

Anno vicesimo qbrnto Georgii III C 20, 21. [ 1785.

be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the commissioner appointed by this ain whose room such person is so nominated.'

VII And be it further ettadted* That this at shall continue in force until the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. XX

An act for appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, entitled, " An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to bfe raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; " together with those named in three former acts for appointing commissioners of the iand tax, arid with those named in the land tax act of the twenty-third year of his Majesty's reigti, arid in the land tax act of this feffioii of parliament.

CAP. xxt.

An act to render more effectual several acts of parliament, for erecting hospitals and workhouses, within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there; and to raise further sums of money for the better carrying the purposes of the said acts into execution.

Recital of 9 & 10 Gul. 3. private act, No. 33. Act of yt Gteoi 2. C 53. a Geo. 3. C ao. respecting militia. 14 Geo. 3. C 61. impowering corporation of the poor to raise further money Not more than 3, 3001. per ann. raised in pursuance of the last act. Corporation empowered to raise 8, 6601. within a certain time. Not more than 2, 2001. to be raised in either of the two first, nor in any fuceeeding year more than 1, 1001. to be raised by the governor, cof the poor of Exon, by an equal taxation. To be applied towards discharging debts, d. Parish officers to collect, and on nonpayment to distrain and imprifori. Yearly meetings to raise money on the second I'uefday in June yearly, deficiency arifirig by nonpayment of assessments, to be certified respectively to the corporation; and to be made goodbye re aflefiment. Corporation empowered, in case of neglect or refusal of the mayor, justices, C to issue their warrants for levying affeftments, to levy the same by distress and sale. Corporation to ascertain what weekly, monthly, or other sum necessary for maintenance of the poor. No person to be abated in afteft ment, so as to reduce the same under the weekly rate of twopence, unless upon application to the mayor, justices, C Claujfe in former act respecting charitable gifts, CC repealed. Disqualification of guardians, if made aldermen, or removing out of city or county for one year, or do not attend courts for one year, or be bankrupt, or discharged as an insolvent debtor, or compound his debts, or do not pay 3d. per week poors rates. out patients of the Devon and Exeter hospital to be maintained by their respective parishes. in patients to be provided with clothes by their respective parishes. Recital that the annual in -- come of 3, 3001. is inefficient for the poor. Commissioners to be elected by their respective parishes. If no 'inhabitant within any particular parish qualified to be elected commissioner, power to elect from any other parish. Names of commissioners to be returned to the clerk of the corporation, who is to enter the same in a book to be kept for the purpose. New election, in case of death, or disqualification of commissioners. Commissioners to be summoned to attend meetings. com missioner to be convened at a general court before any money levied above the annual afiefiment of 3, 3001. and 8, 6ooi. If commissioners neglect to attend general court, or be equally divided in opinion, dr neglect to determine on the sum to be borrowed, corporation to apply to the quarter sessions. Treasurer to account within six months after

1785.] Anno vicesimo qulntd deordii HIC. 22< 49

the ekpiration of his office, or in default to be committed; commis (iofters impose red to inspect accounts, and visit workhouses & If guardians negie& to attend, commissioners may visit, and make report.

No person to supply the workhotife with any kind of provisions, liquors, articles of manufacture, LI ten fi ls, 'or other matters, above 50i. in a year, tinlefs by public contract. Penalties and forfeitures to be levied by distress. Persons or parishes overrated may appeal to the quarter sessions. The mayor, dec. of Exon to convey the tolls of the market for security of any money for setting the poor id work. Continuation o former as. This at not to annul proceedings under former acts.

Charges of this att to he paid out of the firs money arising thereby.

Limitation of actichi$ in six months. General issue. Treble costs.

Publick ak

CAP. XXII

yfn act for repealing so much of an act made in the idjj session of parliament as relates to the dijl illation of corn fpiriis in mall fills, iti certain counties or districts of the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorising the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant, licences, to persons living in the aid counties or dtftrxfts, to distill fpints from barley, bear, or bigs the growth of the said counties > and fdr impofmg a duty on such licences.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament. Preamble (entitled, An alto discontinue, for a limited time, the *4 Geo. 3. payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home conc. 46. recited lumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties iti lieu thereof 5 and for the bdttei* regulation of thd making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vetting in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands of Ferintojh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the iveft Indies); it was, among other things, enacted, That it Should and might be lawful for the commissioners of the excise, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or the major part of them, not with [landing the several former acts and statutes then fub ftfling in relation to the diflilling and manufacturing spirits from cor n and notwithstanding.the provijoes and regulations in that act, to authorise and empower such number of persons as they Should judge proper and expedient, within the highland parishes or dt/lrifts of the counties, therein mentioned, to ere ft, hep, and work fills, the cubical contents of which, including the head, Jloould not exceed twenty galions, English measure, or at the most thirty galions, nor in any case be of less than the ftrjl mentioned size: and whereat it now appears that the purposes which the said aft was intended to answer, with respect to the revenue, and the improvements of agriculture in the parishes and dijl rifts aforesaid, have been in a great measure defeated by the variety of rejlfiftions therein contained, and particularly by the:

Jize of the sills being too fmau^bt it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent ma^^^by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritn#%nd temporal, and commons, in this Vol. XXX — - E prefer

50 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 22. [17s5.

So much of present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, the recited That so much of the said act as particularly respects the high' the'^hv Wands counties of Scotland, shall be, and the same is hereby re ot scohand, S Pealech arid that no a6tion for penalties incurred shall brought repealed. * in terms thereof.

^ II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Licences may*that upon the fir.ll day of December, one thousand seven hun be granted dred and eighty-five, or as soon as may be in the course of that the commit month and so from year to year thereafter, it (halband may be tionersofex lawful to and for the commissioners of his majesty's excise in cife in Scot Scotland, or the major part of them, by licences under their land, within hands, to authorise persons, qualified as herein after mentioned, knd^counfies, re several counties of Orkney, Gaithnefs, sutherlandrof$+

for di(tilling ' Cromarty, Invernest, Argyle, Bute, Stirlings Clackmannan, Perth, corn fprits. Dumbarton, Aberdeen, Forfar, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, ' and .Elgin, (excepting those parts of the counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth, hereki after described), to Size of the erect, keep, and work stills, the cubical contents of which re stills. spectively shall not be less than thirty, nor more than forty gallons

of English measure, including their respective heads, and to distill and draw off spirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the said counties, during the. term of one year, and for no longer or shorter space, from the date of the corami (Tion or licence, and tp use, fell, and dispose of the spirits so difttileci, subject to the restrictions and regulations, and on payment of a composition or licence duty at the rate of twenty Shillings, sterling for each English gallon of the content of such still, for the space aforesaid, and that in place of the whole rates apd duties imposed on the diddling of corn spirits, and upon the malt or grain from which the spirits are extracted; but declaring that the licensed didillers shall not be allowed any drawback or deduction from the above duty, on account of their, or either of them, having bought from any entered maltder any part of the malt to be used by them, and for which the ordinary duties upon malt have been paid, or are due.

III And, for the better ascertaining the persons to whom such licences may be granted, the conditions under which they are to be obtained, and the powers of the commissioners of excise, and others, with respect to the granting thereof, be it enacted by the authority The heritors afprefaia, That, within two months after the passing of this to amble t*le ^er*tors of each parish, within which such licensed stills

and make out are t0 be permitted, or persons duly authorised to act for thema list of per shall assemble in the paridi church, previous notice of the day fons proper to and hour and purpose of such meeting being given by advertise e licenled. ment, signed by the collector of the excise of the bounds, and by one or more of the principal heritors of the parish, or their .factors, and affixed on the church doors for two Sundays preceding the day of meeting; and shall proceed by a majority of the voices, not in point of number, but according to the extent 1 of their valued rents, (o that those who cohesively shall have the greatest extent of valued rent, shall be deemed to have the

majority

i?85.] aring vicesimo quinto g&ofidil IIL C 22. 51

ivikjority of voices, to make out.a list of the persons within the said parish to whom such licences may mod properly be granted; which'lift the ptefes or clerk of the meeting shall forthwith Lists to be transmit to the commissioners of excise at Edinburgh, and a copy transmitted thereof to the col lector of excise within whole bounds the said parish lies 3 and the said commissioners shall have power to limit excise at the licences to.be granted, in consequence of the said lists, to Edinburgh, such number as they shall judge the particular cifcumftances. f

and population of each parish or county hall require, provided —. the number be not less than two for each parish, if so many shall be demanded b^the heritors; which bfring done, the said com mi (boners shall, without delay, return the said lists, ' so approved of or reftriested, to the different collectors of excise, with. orders to give immediate notice thereof, to the persons te whom licetices are to be granted, and to require them to ftnd security, as hereih after mentioned.

IV And be it enacted. That, in all succeeding years, the Heritors to heritors of each parish shall aftemble for the purpose of making ^heirible, after out the lists as aforesaid, in the first or fecorid week of May, at yea^tnthe the parish church, previous notice being given of the precise month ot* day and hour of meeting by advertisement on the two preced May.

\ng Sundays as aforesaid;; lists shall be transmitted to the commissioners of excise, in the manner before directed, who ftiallv without delay, give notice to the respective collectors of excise of the bounds, to what extent the lists are approved of, and who are to be entitled to licehoes, on the first. day of December following, or as soon after as maybe in the course of that month; and the collector or collectors shall in like manner forthwith give the same notice t6 the persons who are to receive the licences: and if, from neglect or inattention, no list shall If heritors be transmitted from the heritors of any. parish to the said com ne£j<; t to missioner the said commissioners shall nevertheless give orders coamr^i^r^o1^ s, to the collectors of excise of the bounds to issue licences for the ers to lieenfe ensuing year to such persons as they shall think proper, the such persons number of which persons shall not be less than two, as before as they think mentioned, if so many are!‘demanded; .and those persons who pl0per* held them for the preceding year shall have the preference, on. paying the former compoiition, and complying with the other regulation herein after mentioned.

V Provided always, and it is hereby specially provided and declared, That no licence shall be granted to any per soil to Power of dreeft of work stny still under this a, within ten Engtijh statute grantinj? h; miles of any distillery regularly entered according to the laws of ces lim ' excise, and provided such entered di(filler has paid yearly, for

the tvvo preceding years, duties to the extent of eight hundred pounds (terling yearly and is going oh in the same business; or who, being in that business, and within the distance afore ftidj shall require the fuppreftion of a fmali still, and give obligation, with fufkcient security, that the duty to be imposed upon the distillery, carried on by him, her, or them, shall amount to ameaftthe saidf years funi 6f eight hundred pounds. V "" E 2 sterling

5i

Certain con ditions to be complied with by every person applying fora hceffce.

Persons whdf are to obtain licences must give proper security to the collector of excise.

ticence to fpecrfy the name and residence of the person who obtains it, with the size of the still, etc.

Computation of the quantity of grain

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III e. 22v [1785^

sterling for two years to come, the distance to be computed By the usual pubfick road, or by any usual ferry or palfage by. water

VI Provided alfa, That no person shall be entitled to a licence under this act who shall not, at the time of his or her application, produce avecbmmehdatton from the heritor on whose property he or she lives, or bis factor, and a certificate of his or her being a person of good character, and reputed in good circumfiances, together with the name or names of the person or persons proposed to be given as security for the payment of the duty hereby imposed upon his licence, and of the further sum of fifty pounds sterling, to answer thefrpayment of such penalties as he or she may incur.

VII And be it further enacted, That when the persons who are to obtain licences in any particular parish are thus ascertained, they shall be obliged to find security, to the satisfaction of the collector of excise of the bounds, that they shall take out their licences at the time and in the manner before directed, and shall make payment of one quarter of the said licence duty at the time when the licence shall be delivered to them, and of another quarter of the same at the end of each three months then after, till the whole twenty Shillings is paid for the year's licence; and in case they, or either of them, fail to give such security, with at lead one cautioner bound for him, to the satis faction of the collector as aforesaid, the person so failing shall not be infilled to the licence, but in that case it shall be in the power of the said cqlledor to grant a similar licence to any other person within the same parish who shall appear to him sufficiently qualified for the purpose, and who is willing to pay and find security as aforesaid, the collector of excise always preferring those who have been recommended by the heritors; and that each licence foto be issued as aforesaid, shall specify the name and place of residence of the person who obtains it, the place at which the still is to be erected, the size of such still, together with an acknowledgement of the licence duty to the above extent being paid, and security found for the penalty, as before directed.

VIII And whereas the said privilege and exemption are hereby granted for the purpose of promoting agriculture and improvement in the said highland counties and diftricis, and for accommodating the inhabitants thereof with spirits drawn from their own grain at moderate rates \ and it has been computed that a still of forty galions, wrought in the manner known and practised in those districts of the countryy and during that part of the year in which it will commonly be in their power to work them, will manufacture into good spirits two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow measurey of the barley, bear, or bigy of these countiej, and no more, which will producey at an average, one thousand six hundred and sixty gallons of pure spirits, and that the produce of smaller fiitts will be in a similar proportion; be it therefore enacted, That when a licence shall be tak&n our, and the composition duty paid, for a still of forty galions, such

*

17&5.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL C 22^ 53

4wty fhau be held to be a compofitlon for the duty oa malt .to made into the extent of two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow measure, spirit yearly and no more, and for the duty on the spirits manufactured in ^ Lllons1 such still to the extent of one thousand six hundred and sixty ancj Of the gallons Englishy and no more; and when a licence hall be taken spirits pro out., and the compofitlon duty paid, for any still of a lesser size, duced there the like proportion shall be observed both as to the quantity of *ronu malt, and the quantity of spirits for which such duty shall be held to be a compofitlon; and that for all malt which shall be Duty to he used or made by such licensed distiller, over and above the said and quantity, and.for all spirits which (ail be manufactured from spirits ex such stills, over and above the quantity aforesaid, there shall be ceeding those paid the same duties to which the entered maltster and distiller quantities, are, by the laws of excise, liable.

IX And) for the more effectually fecurtng to his Majesty's revenue the payment of the abovementioned duties, for all spirits which the owners of such fills Shall be able to manufacture beyond the quantity corresponding as aforesaid, to the fefpeciive sizes of the sills, be it

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers of excise Excise officers shall at all times have full liberty to enter into and survey the (^r^rnalt^ malt barns and distilleries belonging to such licensed distiller, barns and and to keep an exact account of the malt and spirits manufac distilleries, tured therein, and to charge with the usual duty all malt, made and charge or used therein, exceeding the quantity of two hundred apd fifty a^ffuch* bolls in the year, and all spirits exceeding in quantity one thou malt^etc^ land six hundred and sixty gallons annually; and that no spirits manufactured shall, from and after the said first day of December, one thou therein, sand seven hundred and eighty-five, be allovyed to pass or be From Dec. r, carried from one place to another within the counties or dif ™ tricts aforesaid, to which counties or districts the sale of the fpi moved, wiuvf^ rits to be manufactured in the stills to be licefifed under this act the before is hereby expressly restricted, without being accompanied with mentioned a permit from the proper officer, expressing the quantity so per districts, mitted to pass, and also mentioning that the same is the produce p^ndt.1 * pf a licensed still; that the owner or owners of such licensed still V pr stills shall, in consideration of the annual composition paid by him, her, or them, be entitled to demand free permits, in the course of the year for which such licences are held, for the quantity of spirits before expressed as the produce of a still containing forty galions, and for a proportional quantity if the still be of a lesser size, but for no more, allowing them to pass anywhere within the said counties or districts; and ip so far as permits are demanded for a greater quantity, they shall only be obtained on payment of the duties chargeable by law on the entered distillers and maltfters.

X And, for the more effectually preventing the spirits which may be dif Hied by virtue of this a CL from interfering with or prejudicing the trade of the entered dfiliers, who carry on their business subject to the payment of those duties which are imposed by the laws of excise;

be it enacted. That no still shall be licensed in the counties of No stills to

Dumbartonr Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth to the east or hcenfed -- -- -- £3 right certain parts

54

of the counties of Dumbarton, Stirling etc.

Spirits,, the produce of licensed ftiils, removed to the foutherri parts of the kingdom, liable to seizure,

Penalty on {icenfed .distillers for having ?h heir ppffef fiori stills larger than those compounded for;

or on difppf ipg of any malt, tic.

Anno vicesimo quinto Geqrqii III C zz* [1785,

right hand of a line beginning at the boat of Babel), wherg l<$h Lomond run into the rivpr Levtn, and proceeding along the. great military road from thence by Bqcklivie, to the town of Stirling; and from thence along the great road called Hillfooft Roqd, on the south side of the Uchell Hills, till it meets with the great road from Kinross to Perth, and along the same till it comes Jo the bridge of Earn, arid along the water of Earn till, it junction with the river Tay, and along that river till it joins the German ocean; and that no spirits, the produce of such licensed stills, shall be allowed tp pass, either with or without permit, into the southern parts of the kingdom, either by land across the line above expressed, or by water carriage from the coasts or ports of any of the counties mentioned in this act; and that all spirits, distilled to the west and north of the above line, the produce of such licensed stills, or not produced by stills entered in the manner directed by the laws or excise, thaj shall be found pasting tp or in other parts of the kingdom, either with or vyithpuf permit, shall be liable to seizure by the proper officers, to be disposed of by them in the same manner as other spirits so seized are directed to be disposed of by the laws of exqfe.

Ttj. And it is hereby enacted j>y the authority a sore fa id. That every ficenfed djftiller haying; in his poflefliori or using a still of larger dirnenfipns than those for which he fias obtained a licepee, and paid a compofitipn, .shall be subject to a further duty of two pounds sterling for each gallon such (till (haft cop? tain over and above the quantity specified in his licence 5 and if such furplqs shall exceed three gallons Englifo, he shall forfeit such still, and all the utensils thereto belonging, together with his licence, and be liable to a penalty of twepty pounds sterling stnd further, if he shall be coriyided of having in his poflefliori any other still than that for which he has obtained a licence, hp shall in like manner forfeit his licence, and be subject to a penalty of fifty pounds sterling, and such unlicensed still shall be seized and forfeited; and every licensed distiller, who shall be convicted of using "any grain, not the growth of the counties qbove nientionpd^ 9t same one of them, shall forfeit five Shillings per bushel for all such grain or malt, and shall in like manner forfeit his ftilpand utensils, and his licence.

XII And it is hereby declared. That no licensed distiller Q

distillers shall sell or dispose of any malt, under any pretepee whatever, nor have in his, her, or their ciiflpdy, any corp spirits other than those of their own manufacture, unfefs thp same shall have been purchased from an entered or licensed di tiller, and accompanied with a regular permit > and if fie, (he, or they, shall act contrary hereto, he, (lie, or they, shall forfeit their licepce apd utensils, and double the value ot the said malt ?nd spirits ^

jpd whereas the licensed dijuucr is entitled by this act to (i free permit 10 the extent of one them Jan fvc hundred and sixty gallons 'of spirits, for ajiill of forty galions, and fq in poporiiot\ jot cne of

\ V ^ ‘ **' $ I'M

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 22. 55

a lesser fizey being the full quantity for which the above composition No. spirits to is meant to be paid; it is declared, That no spirits shall be re he removed moved from the place they are distilled at, without a permit; and that all spirits carrying from one place to another, without jeci without a permit, shall be seized and forfeited. permit.

XIV Andy in order the more effectually to prevent the use of jlills of any other size than those allowed by the laws of excifey or those authorised by this ably and the dfi tiling of corn spirits by any perjbis other than those qualified according to lawy or ivko shall hold licences

in pursuance of this ably be it enacted, That, from and after the Directions palting of this act, no still shall be made or offered to sale for rel^e tithe home use, without having stamped or engraved thereon the g, ng p maker's name, and place of residence, with its cubical content exprelfed by the number of galions, under a penalty of ten pounds sterling on the maker or seller of every still made or sold contrary to this provision \ also, that all stills made for the use of chemists, druggists, or perfushers, shall in the same manner be marked, chymiftsy Druggijlsy or Perfumers Still; and that no person shall sell, for home use, a still of the dimensions permitted to be licensed by this act, except to persons who possess licences in pursuance thereof, or on feeing a certificate, from the collector of the bounds, of their licence being ordered by the commissioners of excise; and further That if any still Stills made shall be found, on the said first day of December next, in the contrary possession of any person residing within any of the before men tioned counties or dlftrids, not having the name and place of ddtroyed. the maker, its contents, or number of galions, expressed upon it as herein before directed;; if. its dimensions be of a kind not allowed by law to be used in the distillation of corn spirits, not marked as a druggists, chemists, or perfumers still, such still shall be liable to seizure by any officer or officers of excise, who are hereby directed to destroy the same; and the materials of all such illegal stills, so seized and destroyed, shall be sold by or under the direction of the collector of the bounds, and the money arising from such sale shall be disposed of in like manner as the penalties herein after mentioned are directed to be disposed of.

XV And be it further enacted. That the licensed distiller. Stills how to on the expiration of his licence, unless the same shall be renewed bedifpofedof, within eight days after such expiration, shall be obliged to de piration^f^ posit his still with the officer of the district, or to dispose of it licence.

in the view and presence of the said officer, to some other person taking out a licence, or to the original maker thereof; and in case of his failing foto do, or using the said still during the said eight days, he shall be cortfidered as an illicit distiller, and be liable to the same penalties.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the commissioners of excise may withdraw the licences, commission or reftrid their number, in all or any of the counties before ers of excise mentioned, during the course of any year, upon ap application {ic^n^gh ^rraw from the commissioners of supply of such county, assembled at restrict their ^ E 4 - a meeting number, upon

-

fjippiy.

56 Anno vicesimo quintp georgii III c.23. [1785^

app ication a meeting previously advertised and called for the purpose, by from the cpm the convenor of the county, certifying, as the ground of such miffiopprs of application, that there arc probable grounds for apprehending a scarcity of grain; and in case the licences shall be withdrawn the licensed distillers shall be respectively entitled to a return or abatement of a proportion of the duty which had been paid for such licences; and in case a restriction only shall be imposed, such restriction to be proportionably laid on all he parishes of the county.

Penalties and XVII And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties forfeitures and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall gnd may be sued for co^red^and6" ^e^ore ?ny two S majesty's justices of the peace within the applied. ^ county where the offence shall be committed, whpfe sentence shall be subject to review only by the justices of the county in their quarter sessions, or before the barons of his majesty's court of exchequer, but before no other court; and that the said penalty and forfeiture shall be sued for and recoverable by any of the officers of excile, or any of the expedants of excise, or any member of the kirk session in the parish within which the offender lives, or by any licensed distiller within the same parish pr county; and the one half of the said penalties apd forfeitures shall go to the poor of the parish within which the offence is committed, and the other half thereof to the prosecutor, and of limitation of which there shall be no power of mitigation; and all actions 'actions. for the recovery thereof shall be commenced within six months after such offence has been committed

CAP. XXIII

An act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and pafiages, within that part of the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, called The water side Division, and for removing and preventing nuitances, and annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain part of and belonging to the turnpike road leading from the east end of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the county of Kent within the said waterside Division of the said parish, therein mentif oned.

Commissioners appointed for putting this act in execution. Qualification of commissioners, 50i. per anri. or i, oool. personal effcite. Penalty pn acting, not being qualified, 50i. Vidiiallers incapable ot being commissioners. Meetings to confiflof 5 or more commissioners. adlourp merits. Commissioners to pay their own expenses. Commifiioner8 may appoint officers, and allow them faiaries. Officers to account. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distress. On failure of dr ftreis, etc. offender may be committed Limitation of imprisonment, IX months. Officers taking fees, or being interested in any bargain, incapable of serving, and to forfeit tool. Commissioners impow^ ered to pave ail the ftrepts, Japes, yards, courts, alleys, and pafiages, within the said division, of the said parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Ber: mondfey!; and also to repair all the highways in the said pari fit, not under the direction of particular trufiees, lay virtue of any ad of parliar ment and to cause all to be cjeanfed, lighted, and watched; and may btrht and watch the turnpike road, and contract for pavements, etc. purveyors to infped the works, and if contract not performed, actions fp be brought thereon, Materials may be dug out of or brought

-" ‘ ' ‘ *....... ' its

Cj O

1785 ] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 23.

into streets, etc. Property pf all materials to be vetted in the commifli* pners. Penalty on interrupting workmen; first offence, 20s. second, 40s. and third, 3k Commissioners may sell the old materials, and apply the money to the purposea of the a. No alteration to be made in the form of the pavement, without consent of commissioners. commifliori ers to provide watch houses, watch boxes, watchmen, and beadles. The duty of watchmen and beadles is to endeavour to prevent all mischiefs by fire, all mureters, burglaries, robberies, disturbances, and breaches of the peace, and all outrages, misdemeanours, indecencies, and disorders; and for that purpose, without warrant, to arrest, and detain in the watch house, or other convenient place, provided by the commissioners within the said water side Division, all mhlefactors, rogues, vagabonds, disturbers of the peace, and other disorderly persons, found loitering, wandering, or misbehaving, or committing disorders in or near the said division, or whom the said watchmen shall have reason or just cause to suspect of any evil design, to be carried before a justice of peace, to be examined and dealt with according to law. Commissioners of sewers to make and repair grates, sewers, 'and drains, and to call the sewers within the said division. If comraiffioners of sewers neglect to do the works, commissioners for pavements to do the same, and recover expenses. Commissioners of paving to alter gutters, or channels in the streets. lamp irons may be fixed against walls of houses. Persons wilfully damaging lamps, etc. may be seized without warrant, and to forfeit 5i. for each lamp, and pay damages, or may be committed to bard labour for fourteen days. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, etc. to make satisfaction. Commissioners to employ persons to cleanie, and to purchase carts, etc. Penalty on laying allies, etc. in the streets;; offence, aos. second, 40s. and third, 3i. saving the right of the owner or occupier of the millpond there, who may call the. soil thereout as heretofore. Penalty on obstructing the streets by carriages, etc. to forfeit 20s. and pay damages. Penalty on driving, etc. wheel barrows, etc. oi the foot pavement; for sir ft offence, 5s. second, 10s. and third, os. Hoards, etc. may be made for building, by leave of the surveyor. Foot pavements to be swept every day except Sundays. Houses to be numbered, and names of streets to be affixed on the corner houses. Signs, etc. regulated.. Penalty on, offenders, 5!. To remove the soil, at any time cast out of Saint Saviouris mill pond, within five days. If soil not removed within five days, the surveyor to remove the same, and recover double the expense. Step, etc. proje£ting too far to be removed. Commissioners not obliged to pave highways. Rates, upon occupiers of hpuses," fliops, warehouses, wharves, dockyards, or other yards, mill, mill ponds, rope walks, celiars, vaults, or other tenements in the said division, whether occupied with land or not, and on every person occupying land therein, and on all occupiers of houses, (hops, warehouses, land, celiars, vaults, or other tenements in the division of the said parish of Bermondsey, called The land side Division, on the south side of the turnpike road, foto be lighted, at the rate of as. 3d. in the pound on houses, and gd. in the pound on land: and the houses jn the occupation pf Samuel Read, Robert Lewis, Thomas Crout, William Randall, Thomas Child, Thomas Flowers, William Burrell, and John Keating, to be charged with the land held therewith, at 9d. in the pound. Half rates till paved. Rates to be signed by justices. Owners of houses, let out in tenements, to beassessed, and to be paid by pny tepaftt, anc) deduced put of the rent. meeting houses and void spaces of ground to be rated at the discretion of the commissioners, and to be paid by the proprietor, trpftee, treasurer, or minister, or deacon officiating. Rates recoverable by action, with costs. Occupiers quitting without paying rates may be followed, and by warrant their goods distrained. ny person authorised by comraiffiohers to infpe<$£ parish rfttes^ etc. Persons paying this rate exempted from all pther expenses 6f paving, etc. Pavements liable to be repaired by any pari flies, corporations, or trustees of turnpikes, etc. to be repaved at their expense. The commissioners may compound with such pari/hes, 3, 000!. Hjay be borrowed on annuities. Annuities charged upon e rates, and

r 82^

'

/

58 Anno vicesimo quinto gb.pr.gq III C 24. [1785.

not Viable tp the land tax. When annuitants die, other annuities may be purchased. Annuities may be affrgncd. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. Moneys raised veiled in the commissioners. Expenses of paffiug this act to be first paid. Commissioners may purchase lands, etc. Moneys in the hands ot the treasurers, receivers, or coile&ors, to be the first paid in case of death. Power to repair or rebuild certain bridges over the Mill pond, viz. Folly Bridge, water lane Bridge, London street Bridge, and the bridges at the west and east end of jacob street. Proviso for excluding Five foot Lane out of the ad. Penalties may he mitigated, but not to iefs than a moiety. Commissioners to relay pavement taken up for repairing any vaults, drains, or pipes, and to be reimbursed by the party taking upiuch pavement. Power given to compound with commissioners ot sewers. Action to be brought for ex pences, of relaying any pavement. Penalty on neglect of giving notice of taking up the pavement for 44 hours, aos. Commissioners to pay for altering pipes. Ptrfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods and in default of goods, to be committed for three months, and not left shan fourteen days, or till paid, and to be applied for the purposes of the 3$. Commissioners may reward informers. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends hath been made. Minute book to be kept. Justices empowered to administer oaths. Commissioners who are justices may ad as such. Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Limitation of actions, in six months. General issue. Treble costs. Public act.

CAP. XXIV

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the last session of parliament as imposes duties on all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, ' and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, not being printed painted, or stained; and on licences for bleaching or dying the same.

Preamble. HEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament,

*4 Geo. 3. C VV (entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty additional 40. lecited. duties on linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great bri tain; and for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed, in foreign parts): and whereas so much of the said recited act as imposes duties on all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wave, in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained and on 'licences for bleaching or dying the same, has been fund inconvenient', be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirimal and temporal, and commons, in this present 1 of the parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar,

recited act from and after the passing of this act, so much and such part

jepcaac. of the recited act, as imposes duties on all cotton stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, pr stained' ' on licences for bleadving or dying the same, ijiall be, gnd the same is hereby repealed,

.. ' -.; C a; ft

17.85.} Anno vicesimo quinto georgii IIL €.'25, 26. 59

CAP. XXV

An a & for allowing further time for the importation of goods the produce or manufacture of the island of Tobago, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

13 Geo. 3. C 14' recited. Goods, the produce of Tobago, may be imported before Dec. 31, 1785, upon payment of firitiih plantation duties.

Purport of the oath to be taken by the importer.

CAP. XXVI

An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear.. port and haven of Sunderland, in the county Palatine of Durham. '.

Act 3 Geo. 1. Private ad No. 3. 13 Geo. 1. C 6. *0 Geo. a. C 18.

The duties in that ad, ad. per chaldron of coals and cinders. Ad 3%

Geo. a. A further duty of id. per chaldron of coals and cinders. The works done under the said acts; a large pier and key, and deepening the * channel. The present situation and condition of the port : the ealt end of the pier ruinous. That the duties are infufficipnt. 1, 4001. borrowed on the credit of the tolls, .The importance of the port, etc. it would be convenient to have all necessary power in one a A. The term of the former acts continued, and the' provisions of this act to be exercifecj for twenty-one years more. Commissioners appointed. The qtfalifi cation of commissioners, iool. per ann. Penalty op acting, not being quashed, Pl. Commissioners to take an oath of qualification yearly.

Meetings, Jfune 13, and as often as necessary. If npt seven commicjiqn ers present, chairman to adjourn. ..cjcmimilfiohers to pay their own ex pences at meetings. Chairman to be present at meetings; and have 4 determining vote. If chairman not able to attend on a notice left at his house, another to be chosen. Times for chufirig the chairman, June Q, and Dec. 31, yearly. For eledingcommissionera on death, etc. in twelvemonths. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them fauries. Officers not tp be removed unless eleven commissioners present. Commiifloner v^ho does not attend in twelve months, not to vote ip removal or election of officers Commissioners not to hold offices etc Officers to take an oath. Power for improving the navigatjoh.

Materials may be taken from private grounds, making fatisfadiorf for damages. Power to purchase lands, etc. incapacitated persons im powefed to felt and convey. To afeertam the value, where persons do not treat to sell. Sheriff or coroner to return a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Jury to aicertain damages, etc, Verdi A of Jury, etc. to be tin all (except as after.) Witnesses or jurymen making default, may be fined. Fees to sheriff, and expenses of jury, etc. by whom to be paid. Verdids and judgements to be returned to the sessions. Damages done by the works being made, to be provided for. On tendering money agreed or ascertained, to proceed in the work. 'If any parties are dissatisfied with the jury's verdict, they may try the value, etc. in a feigned issue in.the court of pleas at fjurham. Sixpences of trial for settling damages, etc. to be paid according to the event.' Lands, etc. to be ufedfor the purposes of the navigation only, and the pwnefs to hold and enjoy the same for other purposes. Commissioners hot to have wagon ways, but for the purposes of navigation. Dwners, makers, or Ikippers, to be answerable for damage done to the pfers, ef C hy any of the crew. The property of buildings, etc. veiled in the chairman; who is empowered to projecute. To prevent abuses and annoyances. A jury to be summoned. Jury to give in their verdict, etc.

Time for repairing keys, etc. three months, and removing impediments.

Further time to repair, etc. to be allowed, if necessary. Owners of lands may go thereon to build keys, etc. without being guilty of a tref pgfs, to tue occupier. c^muuffioners may I'M? and sud it the name | 9f

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C £1785.

of their chairman. No action or indictment to be brought or preferred, but by order of eleven commissioners. To prevent fkippers, etc from overloading their keels used for ballast, to forfeit 408. Owners and fkippers names to be on the keel. Keels for ballast to be weighed, etc Coal keels to be entered, and marked. Pitch, etc. shall be boiled on board vessels, by an iron instrument called a Loggerhead, on forfeiture of 5i. Time allowed for weighing and railing vessels sunk, twenty-four hours, or to pay damages. To prevent ballast being call: into the river, penalty 5i. To prevent calling ballast without a port fail, penalty 5i. To prevent ballast lying on the keys too near the edge, penalty 5i. Power for the engineer to remove ballast, etc. Penalty on taking coals, etc.' on board of ships in the narrow, 5i. or in the channel between the high Hairs, belonging to John Thornhill, esq; and the extreme east end of the pier; except between the said ftair3 and the coble ship, if but one ship in a tier, next to the key; or to the north side of the channel, if but one ship in a tier. Not to moor ships in the narrow, except as aforesaid. No ships to He in the narrow, after being loaded or delivered, on penalty of 5i. Stopping the passage. or hindering the works, penalty 5s. an hour. Proceedings against offenders withdrawing. Commissioners may bring an action. Wilfully damaging the works, to answer damages. To prevent ships being milled by fire of limekilns, commissioners to build walls, to be repaired by the owner. New duties on coals and cinders, brought to the said river, between South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and the port of Sunderland, 3d. per chaldron by owners, and id per chaldron by sitters. Commissioners may collect duties already due. For ascertaining the quantities of coals liable to duty, may examine on bath persons belonging to colliers. Exemption from duties; if coals be lost or used in making salt and glass, glass bottles, vitriol, copperas, earthen ware, bricks, tiles or lime, in limits of the said port, to be proved on oath. If the ftaitbmen dp not appear to be examined, owners may be charged with 3d, per chaldron, and sitters with 4d. per chal* dyon, for not above 15, 009 chaldrons in a year, as the commissioners think fit. Commissioners may borrow money, and assign the tolls as a security. Form of assignment. Aflignment8 may be transferred. Form of transfer. The manner of levying penalties, by distress and sale of goods. For rewarding informers. The money to be applied to pay the expenses of act, and paying charge of several works done in pursuance of the act, and paying money Borrowed and intereift. Information to be given in six months, and prosecution in twelve months. Offenders not to be punished twice. Commissioner not to sit or vote in his own case. Proceedings to be entered in books, and to be evidence. No order to be quashed for want of form. No order to be repealed tinlefs eleven commissioners present. Commissioner being a justice may act as fuefi. Power to mare bylaws; and notice thereof to be given by advertisement. Commissioners may admirrifter an oath to prove serving of process, etc. Persons giving false evidence, to be deemed gtiilty of perjury. Quakers affirmation to be taken, under like pains and penalties. Officers to account. Penalty on default. For want of distress by commitment till account, cor by action. Officers to deliver up books, etc. when required foto do by the commissioners, or tp be commuted. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. For preserving the keys, etc. used at the time of passing this act. Allowing the budding of new keys, wharves, and ftaiths. Nujfances may be punished at common-law. Commissioners to satisfy damages occasioned by carrying on any new works; and keys, etc. to be rebuilt: damages to be aftefied‘by a jury. Saving of rights to the lord bishop of Durham, and others. Navigation to be free. Limitation of aptionsf General issue. Treble costs. Publickact.

1785.]* Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 27.

CAP. XXVII

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, i *

Persons seized of estates in their own right, or in right of their wives, of 30i. per ann. in the ftid hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, and justices of the peace redding therein, and all rectors and vicars, usually resident therein for months, and occupiers of land, etc. of iool. per ann. resident there, to be guardians of the poor, within the hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, and incorporated.

Women to act by proxy. Corporation not to hold lands for more that! five years. Poor to continue under the law of the churchwardens and oyerfeers as they now are, until a house be provided for their reception

Children may be apprenticed by the guardians. Justices may, grant re dref8 to children misused. Children may be di fluffed to their parents and friends. First meeting to be four weeks after the passing of the act, and to choose by ballot twenty-four directors. Qualifications of directors; 8ol. per ann. in one of the said hundred?, or 6ol. there, and 40i. in some other hundred. Persons seized of 300i. per ann. or heirs apparent to 600i. to at as directors. Officers to continue in office only during pleasure. Directors and guardians, at the first meeting, to deliver in their qualifications. Penalty on directors acting, not being qualified,

50i. Power to elect three directors not qualified. Officer to account and pay the balance * Officer not accounting to be committed. Balance of money in hand at receiver's death, to be paid by his executors, etc.

Directors may contract for lauds and buildings. Incapacitated persons empowered to sell lands, etc. Director may enclose thirty acres of * waste; and, if no agreement can be made, may cause the value to be ascertained by a jury. Penalty on ffieriff, jurymen, etc. making default,

10i. Directors empowered to exchange lands in certain cases, but not more than fifty acres; and those taken in exchange to be deemed freehold, and those given in exchange according to their former tenure

Accounts to be delivered to the directors of lands and tenements givert for the benefit of the poor. Such lands and tenements may be let, etc. by the directors and guardians, with content of the churchwardens, etc.

May be let or sold by five directors, on four weeks notice in the Norwich newspapers. No director concerned in the letting or selling such lands, etc. shall be interested in any leaie or contract. Moneys arising by letting or foie, to be paid to the treasurer, and to be applied according to the direction of the donor of the lands, and the surplus distributed to the most meritorious poor. Aftey purchase completed, paflefiion shall be delivered to purchasers, Directing an allowance to be made to the parishes for town houses let or sold, at 5 percent per ann. for future rates. Money hereafter left for the poor, without any particular direction, is to be distributed to the poor of the parish 5 and overfecra to forfeit treble value, if misapplied. Houses, etc. to be purchased, to be free of all parochial, county, or parliamentary taxes, except such as they were assessed at before the act. Directors to erect or provide necessary buildings for the reception of aged or infirm persons;; for children unable to work; another separate for the poor that are able to work, and working rooms; another for an infirmary for the sick; another separate for lunatics; also a chapel, and other necessary buildings; to be called The House for the Poor of the Hundreds of Tunftead and Happing; and also to inclofie a burial ground, and may alter and enlarge the same, and to keep them in repair: the expencea to be defrayed by money arising by virtue of the act. Persons obstructing the erection of such buildings, deemed guilty of felony. Seven directors to superintend the buildings Power to get materials for building. For obtaining a supply of water, may enter any lands adjoining; but not to deprive any other house or lands of their water. Penalty of injuring the drains, etc. 19i, and not left than 40ft Recqmpence shall be made.

* for

'

4t

Anno vitdirrio qtiinto georgii III C 27. t 1785.

for damages. Directors to furnilb the house, and provide materials for employment of the poor, etc. The house to be built and furnished by contract. When the house is finilbed, a general meeting to be calied, and the vackhdy of directors filled up. Acting guardians to be appointed yearly, On the first Tuesday after the fifth of July. Power to make bylaws. bylaws to be approved at the quarter sessions. Meetings annually oti the first Ttiefday after the jth. of July, ioth. of October, 5th. of January, and the 5th. of April, at the house For the poor. Choice of director, guardians and frearuref. At other quarterly meetings may fill up vacancies of directors and guardians. Division of directors and guardians iri quarterly committees. That the weekly or quarterly fiieetihgs.may be altered, and they may divide themselves ih tb committees for each month. Penalty of aos. for non attendance of dife£for, atid ios; For a guardian. Power to relieve occasional poor. Poor fibt baring h legal settle then t within the said hundreds, to be re iretfed by a yxiftitt, or guardian, till able to be removed, and to be reim lfhffed by the directors, or guardians, and they by the overseers of the pariffi where such person settled; and if the poor person die before ex attilnatioil, tbdehiilg fettlenient, to be buried at the expense of the guardians and directors. Children becoming chargeable to the parishes, shall be received into the hoiife, nurtured, and put out by the guardians. Not to afftdl the fettlemeht of any person. Sic. For punishing idle and difotderty perfoflg, able but unwilling to work as by the ad of 17 Geo. 3. chuffcft Wardens or overseers neglecting to make complaint thereof, to be fined. The husband or father of poor persons to assist in maintaining them. Guardians may apprehend idle persons refilling to Work. Accounts to be settled and allowed at each quarterly meetings Nine to cofiftltute a quarterly meeting; four of which shall be director. Directors may borrow money, but not more that 15, 0001. in several films bf rool. each, and assign the rates as a security. Alignments tramfer rsbie. Power to raise 6, oobl. by annuities. Annuities may be transferred: Power to raise money by a scheme of survivorship, at not more than 5 percent. No contributor to advance less than 50i. Afiefimentg to be ihade at yearly and general quarterly meetings. Deficiencies to see made goodbye a re affieftmeht. Afletfments not to exceed the poor rates oft ah average of seven years. Churchwardens and overseers may make afieltments for other purposes. Houses and lands usually rated to continue chargeable. Churchwardens and overseers to attend first meeting, bring their books, and leave them with directors. For want of books and fates, to a fiefs at their difefetioh. Churchwardens and overseers to aid and assist directors ahd guardians in execution of this act. Penalty ort default, 5). Every director arid acting guardian, failing in his duty of holding quarterly meeting, to forfeit 5i. Directors and acting guardians migrant certificates with the persons Who shall remove. An cehificatei'"t6 be delivered to the directors. Penalty of 40s. on dverfters, C ftfffering persons to reside Without certificate, or not informing directors of litfgle v*6meri fufpbcted to be with child. Parishes Jidble 16 maintain such paupers as shall, by such neglect, gain settle ntents. Bonds of indemnity against bastards, already giveh to pari fh officers to be delivered to the officers of the directors and acting; guardians; and the corporation may file thereon in their own name and all future bonds to be their property. Churchwardens and over feefs, to be ordered by a fuftice to find work for the poor, Or make shem a weekly allowance in the mean time; which is to be reimbursed Out of the parish rates, over and above the money to be raised By this act. A governor and matron to be appointed; a surgeon or apothecary; £ clergymen and schoolmaster. Such poor as shall misbehave, or be guilty of arly vice or immorality, may be inflicted by order of the di fedbrs and acting guardians, at Weekly meetings, viz. if a child Under it years of age, by moderate correction, or abatement Of diet, of di ftihctlon in dress and diet; above that age, by foiitafy confinement, ibkfeftlent of diet, or distinction in dress 6r diet or by putting id the ftccks, for not more than two hours for one ofibnee* or to be fed with

bread

*785.] Anno vicesimo quinto gtfofegtl III C 27,

bread and water only, not more than twenty tour hours. The apparel of the poor to be the property of the guardians and corporation; and fdr purloimng? Selling, pawning, or carrying away, kny materials, furniture or implements of work, or other their effects, or any apparel, or running away without leave, may be apprehended by justices warrant, and committed to hard labour for not more than twenty-one frays, nor less than five days, and to be whipped privately; and for the feoond offence, to be pnnilhed as if convicted of petit larceny, Persons receiving ftqlen goods and clothes to forfeit not more than iol. nor lets than 40 s. to be levied by distress and side of goods; and if no goods, to be committed' to hard labour not less than seven days, nor more than three Calendar months. Governor and officers, for purloining, embezzling, 6r wilfully misapplying any money, or goods, or. damaging any materials, or implements of work, utensils, goods, and chattels, belonging to the fatft corporation, to be dischargedfrom their offices arid pay tot, and treble the value of fuel) money or goods, e. to be levied by distress arid sale of goods, in the same manner as overteers of the poor bv this at, and applied to theufe of the poor of the house; and if ho distress found, to be committed to the house of correction for not left than one, nor more than six calendar months. Directors and guardians may at as justices. Power to indices to proceed in all cases, not otherwise provided for in this at. Encouragement to be given to the industrious out of the profits of their work, at the discretion of the diredfors, C .and to the governor and matron in office. Profits of the work to go in aid of ihe rates. The poor may be hired out to harvest or other work. Justices to settle differences between them and people employing them. Directors may contract for employment of the poor. Pef*» fons contradling with the corporation not to aft as guardians.; hdut*s of work limited to ten hours a day, and to be allowed not less than fix'i ' nor more than twelve days every year for recreafion; and parents and relations may have access to the poor at all proper times, except meal times. Guardians to pay their own experices. Majority to determine' all questions. Directors, Sic. May appoint fp^cial edri tables. Governor may execute warrants. Ptini foment On conveying fplritpous liquors into the. house, the same as by 24 Geo. ». C 40. for conveying spirituous liquors into gaols. If ten guardians seized together of effates of the annual value of 6, 0001. aifemblcd at a general quarterly meeting, desire a general meeting, on three weeks notice in Norfolk newspapers; and in case they then prove any mismanagement or abaft of trust in the present directors and aiftfng guardians, others may be ehofen by the rules in the act. Penalties audfoffeitures edmirig to the hands of any churchwarden, overseer, or constable, to be accounted for to the treasurer, and applied to the use of the.cprporation, as judged proper. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress ind sale of goods, and paid ‘to the treasurer, and the overplus returned to the owner; and if no distress found/the offender to be committed for ndt ihord than t, wo months, or till paid. Money borrowed on securities may be discharged on six months notice by lot. That notice fhatl be given of paying of the money. In case of ref Ufa! to receive the same, interest to cekft. Three months notice bo be given. This act not. to extend to the parifo of North Waltham. Residence in North Walfoam no difqualificatidn t6 be director or guardian. Appeal allowed against guardians nd directors as against justices of the peace. Expenses of this act to, be paid first, Limitation of actions General issue. Treble costs. Public act.

The' S C H E D U L E to which this A refers

Form of mortgage upon the rates for relief of the poor within the hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, for securing the money borrowed, and the interest thereof.

E. ' * "being. oftheformof

directors and acting guardians of the poor within the hundreds mortgage.

of

Anno vfcdimo.tjuiiito oeoilglt III C

of Tunftead and Happing, in the fcounty of Norfolk, by authority of ad ad passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his male fry King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poof within the said hundreds of Tunftead and Happirig, at a meeting afr sembled, of which the said, is chairman, held

under the said act, at ori thfi day of

one thousand fevrin hundred and do hereby mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the said hundreds, under the description of poors rates, by the said act with the payment of the film of which

hath proposed and agreed to lerid; arid hath now actually advanced and: paid, towards the expense of bqildiog a house or houses for the reception of the poor of the said hundreds, and otherwise carrying the said act into execution; and we do hereby confirm and establifk the said mortgage and charge hereby made, unto the said his executors, administrators, arid assigns, - for securing the repayment of the said sum of and interest for the same, ' after

the rate of per centum per arinum, and do order the

treasurer to the said diredors and acting guardians to pay the interest half yearly, as. the same shall become due, until the principal fliali be discharged, pursuant to the direction of the said act

L S.)

Form of charges on the poors rates for securing the annuitieb.

WE, cas in the form of a mortgage] do hereby, in confidefa tion of the sum of which

hath proposed and agreed to pay, and hath now actually paid, towards defraying the expense of building the said house dr houses, and of otherwise carrying the said act into execution, charge and make chargeable all the rates raised for relief of the poor within the said hundreds under the ad now in being, with the payment, to the said his executors, administrators, and assigns, of one annuity

or yearly sum of for the terra of

years, [or, the life of the said as the case may

require]; and we do hereby confirm and establish the said annuity or yearly sum unto the said his executors, administrators,

and assigns, and do order the treasurer to the said diredors and acting guardians to pay the said annuities or yearly sum half yearly, as the same shall become due, pursuant to the directions of the said act.

* - .....

Form of agreement and mortgage by way of tontine.

Tontine TT eereas A bcd. have agreed with the diredors and ad mortgage. VYING guardians of the poor within the hundreds; of Tunftead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, to advance jointly and togethert towards carrying on the building of a house or houses for the reception of the said poor, under an act of the twenty-fifth of his majesty King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the said hundreds of Tunftead and Happing, in shares of each, by loan, at legal interest, and in the nature of a tontine, with benefit of survivorship; and have actually advanced the same, and have also mutually agreed amongst themfelvesj that the interest of the said sum so advanced by the said parties shall, as it becomes due, be paid to, and distributed equally share and (bare alike, amongst them the fair joint partners; and the survivors or survivor of them shall be entitled to, and receive the full amount of the interest of the above principal sum, during his [or her, or their] natural life or lives, after which time the said principal and interest shall fink into and become a part of the flock of the said diredors and acting guardians: now we the said diredors arid acting guardians do confirm and establish the said tontine, and * . do

1785-] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 28.

do charge all the rates railed for the relief, of the poor within the said hundreds, by authority of the said,, or Of any Jaws now in being, with the payment of the said interest fof arid during the natural lives or life of the said A. B. C D. and the survivors or survivor of them, and direct our treasurer to pay the said interest half yearly, in the manner and to the persons above mentioried*

Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this security, with all my right and title to the principal money hereby feeured, and to all interest now due, or hereafter to be due, unto C D. his executors, administrators, and assigns.

Dated this day of

witnefse. F. >: A. B.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for opening an easy and commodious communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the country southward;; also from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty on the north, and for enabling trustees to purchase lands, houses, and areas for that purpose; for widening and enlarging the streets of the said city, and cer*

; tain; .avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the university;; enlarging the public markets, and communications thereto for regulating certain taxes; for lighting the said city; for providing an additional supply of water; for extending the royalty of the said city.; and for levying an additional sum of money for statute .labour in the middle district of the county of Edinburgh.

recitalaf a6 Geo. a. C 36. and 7 Geo. 3. C 17. Trustees For the uni verftty of Edinburgh and; south'bridge, the right honourable James Hunter Blair lord provost of Edinburgh, the right honourable Henry Dundas of Melville, the right honourable Hay Campbell lord advocate of Scotland sir William Forbes baronet of pit/ligo, Robert Macqueen of Braxfield esquire, one of the senators of the college of justice, Archibald M Dowal esquire, merchant and dean of the guild of Edinburgh, John Grieve esquire, merchant in Edinburgh Mr. William Jamiefon^ mason and convener of the trades of Edinburgh, John Davidson esquire, writer to the signet, Niel m‘viecar esquire, merchant in Edinburgh, and Jamea Brown esquire, .architect. insedinburgh, for erecting such buildings in the university of Edinburgh as they shall think proper and for making the access from the High Street there to the country on the south; easy by a bridge over the Cowgate, and by streets, See. on the south side of the city. On death of trustees, new ones to be chosen. Meetings of trustees on the third Monday in June, fik or more to choose a presses, to continue a year, and have the catting vote. Trustees to bear their own expenses, and to meet four times a year. Lord proyost, magistraties* and town council, to form a, Commodious access from the Lawn Market to the west part of the netir extended royalty, ' by the mound or passage acfofs the North Loch tq.prince's Street; to enlarge the public markets, and make roads thereto, and to erect a bridge between the road to Leith and Galton Hill, : kcross. Calfcon Street, and bring into the city fresh water, C The city divided into two diftri&sr one The Ancient Royalty; and the other The Extended Royalty, and the line of division to be the key stones of the middle arch of the bridge over the North Loch, 'running east to Trinity College church, and west to the north side of/the cattle, in a line along the middle of the low ground, formerly the North Loch. Gommifiioners for lighting the streets of the Ancient Royalty named; and alio commiilioners for lighting the streets of th Extended Royalty. Meetings of commiffioriers, or eight of them; for the ancierilroyalty in the council chamber of Edinburgh, and for the Extended Royai ity in Saint; Andrew, a; ehurc.hi each to criufe a coirf VOL. XXXV F vener.

Anoo vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 28. [1785.

vener, to catt meetings for the year, on ten days notice in newspapers. Five comipiffioners to go out of office annually, and others to be elected in their room. Commissioners Shall go out of office by rotation, as they ft and on the roll, tjualification, possessing an house of 181* per ann. rent in the drftrift. Powers of trustees to make a bridge over the Colgate, and to agree with the owners and occupiers of houses and ground on the fonth side of the High Street, bounded by merlin's Wynd on the west, and niddry's Wynd on the east, and all houses and areas between the said Wynds to Cowgate on the south, and from thence to nicolfori's Street, particularly mentioned. All the present road leading from the Cowgate to College Street, through adam's Square, and twenty feet to the west of the said road; on the west side of which area, opposite the houses of George Buchan of Kello esquire, lord president or the court of session, Alexander Farquharfon and Robert Chalmers esquires, no building to be erected, except a wall six feet high; all houses and grounds from professor hamilton's house to the Infirmary Ground, bounded by College, or Infirmary Street, on the north, and the infirmary ground on the east; all houses, C from the corner of Cowgate, and the west side of aitken's Close, in a line south, sixty feet eaftwatd from the centre of lady nicolfon's piliar, and west in a line to a point forty feet west ward, and from the said point in a line parallel, till it meet the town wall, and as much more ground as is necessary to form a road parallel to the town wall forty feet wide, in a line from lady ni eolfon's pillar sixty feet eastward; and for all houses, grounds, and areas on the south'side, and fronting High Street, one hundred and fifty feet west ward from the west wall to Tron Church, and from the west end of the said line southward two hundred feet in a parallel line with merlin's; Wynd, apd from thence eastward to merlin's Wynd, and from the south or the saidfpace to the Cowgate, .including the wed.side of merlin's Wynd, and both fides of peeble's Wynd, and the timber house east of niddry's Wynd, fronting High Street. For making fatisfeftiori to John Adam esquire, for the damage that may be done to ftis house. For making satisfaction to Thomas Carnegie esquire, for damages respecting the ground, to open the communication, C Powers of trustees to make a proper communication to the southward of said bridge; and to purchase houses and grounds necessary for the above purpose. Where proprietors refuse to sell their houses or grounds, a jury to be summoned. Witnesses may be examined on oath. Verdict of jury, C to be final. Fines to be imposed on jurymen br witnesses making default. By whom the expenees of juries shall be born. purchase moneys awarded are to be tendered to the party, and if refused, paid into the bank of Scotland, or into the royal bank of Scotland. After such payments, trustees may pull down houses; C Moneys paid for damages to be settled to the uses the premises taken were settled. For registration of feafines.and renunciations. i Geo. a. C aa. Regulations relative to houses insured in the Edinburgh Friendly Insurance. Policies may. be. transferred to other houses of equal value. Trustees may, by public roup, dispose of useless ground. Moneys arising thereby, C to be applied towards the purposes of the act. Trustees to keep a record of their proceedings, and regular accounts. In case of surplus of money; to he applied towards paving nicolfon's Street, and buildings in the uni verftty of Edinburgh. In case the funds are deficient, 10 percent, on the valued rent may be levied; but no more. If not paid within eighteen months, trustees may levy the same. For rebuilding the university. nieolfon's Street, and the cross streets leading thereto, and the roads on the fides of the triangular piece of ground belonging to the heirs of lady Nicolson, deemed public streets. The lord proyost, magistrates, and town council, empowered to make a commodious access from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty; and to make a road by the north side of the cattle; and to make a bridge over the Caltort Street, powers vetted in the magistrates and town council.. Lord proyost, X to have no; plaim on any person on account of damages by making the purchases. Powers of commissioners for lighting the said cityy Rates all

- ftt

178*} Anno vicesimo quinto geor(3ii tll C 29* 67

percent, on the valued rent. Rates may be levied by di ft refs and fate of goods in three diys by public auchtfn. Houses of 3?. per ann. exempted A collector arid clerk tc( be appointed by the commissioners of each district. Commissioners riiay coritraft for lamps and lighting. Collectors to account annually, Money raised bjf the commissioners for lighting streets. Commifiioiiers to defray their own expenses. An additional supply of water to be brought into the city. Sheriff depute of the county empowered to determine any dispute relative thereto.

Persons aggrieved by the sheriff, may apply to the court of session. Limitation of appeal in twenty days. The said sheriff empowered to f 11 Trillion a jury to ascertain damage done to grounds by. bringing in said Water. Jurors may be challenged: Sheriff depute to order payment of Aims awarded, and to enforce verdicts of invies. On failure of a supply of water, heritors may putchafe springs, CC at or near Over Libberton, before June 24, 1788* Heritors may prosecute suits in that behalf, magistrates^&c. for neglect of bringing spring water in twelve months, ti forfeit their right to the springs, and the same are vested in the heritors of the eight districts south of Edinburgh. Land tax to be rated on all houses in the extended royalty, C stent masters to be appointed, tp value the rent of houses, eland tax to be levied as by law re fpe&ing Scotland. Proprietors to be answerable for collectors. Valua ' tions of rent settled by arbitration to be final. Impowering the magistrates of Edinburgh to appoint ftent masters, in case the present ftent ibafters do not act. Duties payable to the city on wines, spirits, mum, and beer, and other liquors, to be continued on vintners, taverns, or inns, and on public-houses, and in the city of Edinburgh, or the royalty or liberties thereof, in the parish of St. Cuthberts, south and north Leith, and Canongate; and to be payable in nicolforis Street, etc. Said duties to be taken off private families. An additional sum of one percent, to be levied on the valued rent of, houses. For levying an additional sum for statute labour in the middle cjiftrict. The royalty extended over five acres of the lands of Broughton, purchased of the heirs of John Dickson of Kilbucho esquire; and one acre one rood and eleven fklla belonging to the right honourable James Montgomery, lord chief baron of the Exchequer in Scotland, and other trustees, for building a repofitpry for. the records of Scotland, who by their charter, dated;

Jtitie i6, 1776, are bound to pay a proportionable part of the taxes and p'iiblick burden £ botifes to be 'built thereon liable to city rates. ex tension of the royalty subject to the provisions of 7 Geo. 3. C 27.

Powers to drain the meadow on the south side of the city. Reservation of rights in the eight districts. Not to infringe the act of ip Geo. 3* in f e&atrd to the south districts, and the rights of the city of Edinburgh reserved. Continuance of this atft to January 1, 179$, and no longer.

Saving the rights of the college of justice. Expenses of this at to be paid one third by the lord provost for the city, another third by the trustees for building the bridge over the Cowgate, and the other third by the cbmmissionefs for lighting the streets. Public act.

CAP. XXIX

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty third year of his present Majeffs reign entitled

An for authorising the treasurer of the navy to pay to the ‘ garrison and naval department at Gibraltar > the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships of war taking or destroying ftiips of war belonging to the enemy.

ftthereas by an afty made in the jwenty third year of Preamble.

V y the feign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for au 13 Geo. 3. horifing the treasurer of the navy to pay to the garrison and C 16. recited.

F 2 naval

68 Anno vicesimo quin to Georgii III C £9* [-1785.

twas department at Gibraltar, the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships of war taking or deft roying ships of war belonging to the enemy), it is, among other things, enabled That the commissioners of his Majejlfs navy pall, and they are thereby authorised end required (upon proof'made to, the J'atisfaflion of the said commissioners, by certificates or otherwise, of the number of men living on board the said Spanfth ships of war at the time of the attack and surrender of them respectively), to make out bills for the amount of the said bounty, dire fled to the ireafurer of his Majesty s navy, to be divided amongst the officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, within and belonging to the said garrison and naval department, at the respective times aforesaid, in such manner, and in such proportions, as his Majesty Should graciously please to order, direst, i and appoint $ and the treasurer of the navy was thereby author ifedand required to pay all such bills, according to the course of the navyj to the said officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, or to such agent or agents as they Should autborife or appoint to receive the, same: and whereas, besides the bounty money given by the said act, ajid received by the agent or agents appointed by the late garrison and naval department 0/" Gibraltar, to receive and dijlribute the farnej thf said agent or agents have received, and are likely to receive, under and by virtue of the like appointment, further sums to aconsiderable. amount; which further sums are or may be dijlributable to and among ft the officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines of the fold garrison, as prize money, 'in such or the like pares and proportions as the] ffidf.bounty money fas' keen dijlributed, or is dijlributable : and Whereas the difiribution of such pari>of the said bounty money and prize 'money, as bath been allotted toimd remains to be dijlributed, : and pall hereafter be allotted to, and difir ibut able' among, the officers) and soldiers of such of t$ejbritift\ regiments and royal artillery, whicj formed part of the said garrison, and are fiill fubfifiing corpse may t be greatly facilitated if the prize agent or agents, appointed as aforesaid, were authorised to pay the same over to the agents for the time) being of the said British regiments and royal artillery, m order that the same may be paid and dijlributed by them to and among such of he officers and soldiers of the said corps as are entitled to receive the famemay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cotffent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and Commission by the authority of the same, That the fecretary' at war the rrs appointed governor of Chelsea Hospital, and the adjutant general of his account of majsfty's forces for the time'being, together with the present bounty mo governor and lieutenant governor of Gibraltar, shall be, and ney, etc. with they, are hereby appointed commissioners for the inspecting, prize agents, examining, and settling of all accounts of such bounty money and prize money, with the prize agent or agents who have received, or shall hereafter receive, all or any part, of the said bounty money and prize money, and for directing the future distribution of the said bounty money and prize money, as it a shall.

6g

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C igl

shall, from time to time, come to the hands of the said prize agent or agents; such distribution neverihelefs being always to be made in such and the like shares and proportions, as have been heretofore settled and observed with respect to the said bounty money and prize money already received and distributed, unless his Majesty shall think fit to order any variation in the same.

II And) for the better enabling the said commissioners to infp 'efi and examine such accounts, and to order such distribution to be made in future; be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the Prize agents prize agent or agents who now are, or hereafter shall be ap deliver to pointed, by the officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, of the liners™™ * said garrison of Gibraltar, to receive their several shares of bounty counts of money or prize money, which hath already been, or shall at their receipt any time hereafter be allotted and diftriburable to and amongst aild disburse them as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, within one ca mentb> lendar month after the passing of this act, and once in every three months after the expiration of the said calendar month, to deliver to the said commissioners, and each of them, a true and perfect account in writing of his and their receipts and disbursements of the said bounty money arid prize money, and of : : :

the balance remaining in his or their hands, distinguishing such money as shall be then in a course of distribution, from such money whereof no distribution shall have been then diretf ed; which account the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required to inspect and examine; and it shall and may be lawful for them to demand, and the said prize agent or agents is and are hereby required, from time to time, to furnifti to them, and each of them, such further information as may be necessary, by production of any books, papers, or vouchers, in his or their custody or possession, relating to the said bounty money or prize money.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or commi/fion a majority of them, after inspection and examination of such ers may order accounts as aforesaid, from time to time, as they shall see fit qfdbountuti0n and reasonable, to order, by writing under their hands and seals, money, Itc. a distribution, by the said prize agent or agents, of the whole in the bands or any part of such bounty money or prize money, as shall have of agents, come to his or their hands, and of which a distribution shall not before have been made by the said prize agent or agents, on such day or days as they shall think proper; which order of the said commissioners shall, and is hereby declared to be binding upon the said prize agent or agents, who shall forthwith proceed to make a distribution accordingly.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or commission a majority of them, from time to time, if they shall see fit, by ers impo^er writing under their hands and seals, to authorise and direct the said prize agent or agents to pay over to the regimental agent agents to pay Pf agents for the time being, of such of the said British regi to the regis

5 ments mental a

7° Anno vicesimo quinto/georgii ii1.0.23. [1785,

gents, etc. ments and royal artillery as are (till subsisting corps and to the,

such shares of persons who were on the thirteenth day of Septcriilcr, one thou bounty mori CL — — — j______i _: ^iig.'

tie etc as even hundred and eighty-two. Colonels or eotniiianding

shall hereafter officers of British regiments at Gibraltar, which have since been

remain m their hands.

reduced or disbanded, or to such agent or agents as shall be appointed by the said colonels or commanding officers respectively, for the purpose of their being distributed by such regimental agent or agents, colonels or commanding officers, or their agent or agents respectively, as aforesaid, to and among the officers and soldiers of such subsisting and disbanding corps respectively, all and every the shares of such bounty money or prize money, which shall at any time or times hereafter be or remain in the hands of the said prize agent or agents under or jn a course of distribution, including in such payment to such regimental agent or agents, all and every the shares pf such officers, non commissioned officers, and soldiers, as were a part of the said still subsisting corps whilst on service at Gibraltar but who may since have died, quitted, or been discharged from the same, after deducting from all and every such payment or payments as aforesaid the usual allowance of five pounds per ccn- turn, by way of commission on such bounty money and prize mopey so received and paid by him or them as aforesaid; and the receipts or acquittances which shall from time to time be tobeaccepted given, by the said regimental agent or agents, colonels, or comas vouchers of manding officers, or their agent or agents respectively, as afore

Ueceipts of regimental agents, etc

payment.

Com mi (Boners not to direct commanding officers to receive such

said, to the said prize agent or agents, shall he, and shall, in the settling and allowance of the accounts to be rendered by the said prize agent or agents, with the said commissioners, or the major part of them, be accepted and received as good and Efficient vouchers for all and every such payment and payments as aforesaid.

V Provided always, and it is hereby also enabled. That the said commissioners (hallnot authorise or direeft the said colonels or commanding officers of Britijl) regiments, or their agent or agents respectively, to receive from the said prize agent or agents any part of the shares so due as aforesaid, unless upon u^on^thdr ^ application previously made to them by such colonel or com rtquest, 1 etc. manding officer requesting such authority or direction; nor unless such colonel or commanding officer, or his or their agent or agents respecftiveiy, shall also, previously to his or their receiving such authority and diretfion, give full and ample fecu jity to the fatisfadiion of the said commissioners, or a majority of them, for the due and faithful distribution of such moneys fa ' directed to be paid to them as aforesaid.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, J; f. That, from and after the first day of January one tkoufand fpvcrl hundred and eighty eight, no claim or claims/shall be admitted or received by the said prize agent or agents, nor by the said regimental agents, nor by the said colonels or commanding officers, his or their agent qr agents respectively, or any of them, to any share or shares of the said bounty money or prize money, unless the said commissioners, or a majority

.......... ' " vf

bounty money, et, C to be received, without content of com missionerg.

'

1785.] Anno vicefieno qutffto Georgii III C 29.

of them, shall seq good reason to declare a further day for receiving and admitting suchor claims; in which case the said commissioners, or a majority of them, may, by writing under their hands, fix a further day, riot exceeding twelve months after the said sir ft day of January y one thou fa nd seven hundred and eighty eighty for receiving and admitting such claims. j LVII

And be. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the time by this at limited, or to be limited by authority thereof, for receiving and admitting such claims as aforesaid, shall be expired, the said prize agent or agents, and also the said regimental agent or agents, and the said colonels or commanding officers, his or their agent or agents respective ly, in case any of the said bounty money or prize money shall have been paid to them, or any of them, by virtue of any of the directions and provisions contained in this act, shall, within three months after the expiration of the time so limited or to be limited as aforesaid, deliver to each of the said commissioners an exact account in writing, attested upon oath, which oath the said commissioners, or a majority of them, are hereby autho lifed and required to administer, of all receipts and disbursements, and of all money remaining in their hands, custody, or power respectively, for or on account of the shares unclaimed of such bounty money and prize money, or on any other account; and shall also produce and (hew to the said commissioners, or the major part of them, and verify the same upon oath, if thereunto required, all books, papers, and vouchers, necessary or material for explaining the said accounts; and shall pay and deliver, or cause to be paid and delivered, to such commissioners, or a majority of them, all such money remaining in his or their hands respectively, taking from the said commissioners, or such majority of them, their acquittance or acquittances for the same, which acquittance or acquittances is and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual; anything in any former law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And be it further enacsted, That all and every person and persons, hereby directed to deliver all or any of the accounts so required to be delivered and verified, upon oath as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to deliver all or any such account or accounts to the said commissioners herein before mentioned, or a majority of them, within the time before limited and appointed in manner and form as is herein before mentioned and required; or who shall neglect or refuse to pay and deliver over, within ten days after the settling of such accounts, all and every such sum or sums of money as shall remain fct his or their custody, power, or possession, after settling such accounts as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above such money then in his or their hands refpe$ively; one third part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two thirds to the royal hpfpitai at Qbeljea, to be recovered by the treasurer

F 4 for

Prize agents, etc. within a limited time, to deliver to each com missioner an account of all receipts and disbursements, etc. relative to bounty and prize money;

and all such money remaining in their hands.

Persons neg ie6hng to deliver accounts, and to pay the b; lance.

shall forfeit 1001.

dogle

n

If any fraud shall be com

to fprfeitiool.

Money ari sin g from unclaimed and forfeited

Anno vieefiiho quinto c^orgif HI. C [*785.

for the time being of the said royal hospital, witk costs of fuir, by aciion of debt, bill, plaint, of information, ija any of his majesty's courts of record, in which no eflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allpwed.

IX And be it further enadfcd, That if any fraud, collusion, or deceit, ' shall be witting or wilfully made, used, com

ingletc.^of3 * mitted, permitted, done, or suffered, in making, dating, or said accounts, balancing, any such accounts foto be verified upon oath as the offender aforesaid, then all and every person or persons, who shall be thereof duly convicted, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over and above the penalties inflicted by this acts, the sum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, one other third to the use of the said, royal hospital at Chelsea, and the other third to the informer who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all'such money as shall arise from the unclaimed shares of fudh

_______ bounty mopey or prize money, or otherwise, which shall be

shares, how to received by the said commissioners, or a majority of them, upon bs applied, settling such accounts as aforesaid, shall (after deducting such charges and expenses as shall seem reasonable to the said commissioners) be, as to so much thereof as may arise from the unclaimed shares of the soldiers, by them immediately paid over to the treasurer of Cbelfea Hospital for the time being; and so much thereof as may arise from the forfeited and unclaimed shares of the seamen and marines, be by them immediately paid over to the treasurer of Greenwich 'Hospital, who shall, and are hereby respectively authorised to give them a full and complete discharge for the same and the said money, when so received by the said respective treasurers, shall by them be carried to the credit, and shall be applied to the use and benefit of the said hospitals respectively;; thing in an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to amend an act, made in the laf fcjfion of parliament, entitled. An act for the encouragement of seamen and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty's navy; and for making further provisions for those purposes), to the contrary thereof in anywise norwithstanding.

XL And whereas a great number of brass and iron ordnance, anchors, cables, ana other sores, have been fished up from the ruins or ivreck of the Spanish battering ships which were defrayed on the late etc. fhhrrf no attack Gibraltar, to a c&nfderable amount in value; be it enadt %°th^eru, ‘nb e<^' That ail sums of money which have arisen, or shall here hatteringam * a^rer are from the sale of such ordnance, anchors, cables, and ships, how to stores' ' have already been, or shall hereafter be fished up bedifpofedof. from the ruins py wreck of the said battering ships, within three

years

ttq Geo. 3.

C 23.

Ordnance,

r781.] Anno vicesimo quinto geoiigii IIL fc. 30. 73

years from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be divided amongst the said garrison and naval department vjho were present at Gibraltar on the ever memorable day, the thirteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in such shares and proportions as the said bounty money has been ordered to be divided, un jess his Majesty shall be plea fed to make any. variation in the said division.

XII And be it further enabled. That the said commission Expenses of ers, or a majority of them, shall and may order the expenses this a how of passing this act, and such expenses as shall rise in carrying t0

the same into execution, to be paid from time to time by the said prize agent or agents, out of such bounty money or prize money as shall be in his or their hands, of which a distribution shall not have been declared, and shall allow to the said prize agent or agents, on settling his or their accounts, such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have paid by virtue of, arid in compliance with such order or orders as aforesaid.

XIII And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Part of *3

hereby in part recited act of the twenty-third year of his present Gco 3* C 16. Majesty, and of the before mentioned act of the twentieth year c»«4re?eaud* of his present majesty's reign, as can or may extend to make

the said prize agent or agents, appointed by the said garrison

and naval department of Gibraltar in any manner accountable to the treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, his deputy or deputies, agent or agents, in respect of any bounty money or prize money due or belonging to the said garrison and naval department, which has or may hereafter come to the hands of the said prize agent or agents, shall, and is hereby declared to be utterly repealed and made void.

CAP. XXX

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on Jhops within Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, in order to raise the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this section of parliament, have resolved to grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present prom , j parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, I7g5> the^fol from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hiin lowing duties dred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied,, and paid unto shall be paid his Majesty hi heirs and successors, throughout greatbritain^' [hrou ho>pt8 goofi every house, or pth^r building, npvv or hereafter to be great britain,

erected, via. '

ogle

for Aixno yiaefimo quinto geo^gii III C 30* [1^85.

ere&qd, any pet of which shall for the time being be used as a (fiop, publicly kept open for carrying on any trade, or for selling any goods, wares, or merchandise, by retail, and upon eyery building or place used as a (hop only, for the purposes before mentioned, a yearly duty according to the several and refpe&iye rates following; (that is to say).

From the For every such house, or other building or place, of the

__ye^riy rent c)r value of five pounds, and under ten pounds, the

in^he yearly sum of sixpence in the pound of such rent or value:

pound: For every such hpuse, or other building or place, of the

10i. to 15i. — yearly rent or value of ten pounds, and under fifteen pounds, 1 s. in the the yearly sum of one shilling in the pound of such rent or pound: value:

15i. to aol. — is. 6d. in the pound:

aol. to ajl. n is. 9d. in the pound:

L and upwards, as. in the pound.

For every such house, or other building or place, of the yearly rent cm value of fifteen pounds, and under twenty pounds, the yearly sym of one shilling and sixpence in the pound of such rent or value:

For every such house, or other building or place, of the yearly rent or value of twenty pounds, and under twenty-five pounds, the. yearly sum of one shilling and nine pence in the pound of such rent or value:

And for every such house, or other building of place, of the yearly rent or value of twenty^five pounds and upwards, the yearly sum of two Shillings in the pound of such rent or value:

The above duties to be paid in addition to those granted by 6 Geo/ 3. C 38;

19 Geo. 3. C 59.

and 24 Geo. 3

C 38.

First nflcffr tnrrit for tmee quarters, etc,

Which said yearly rates and duties shall be assessed and paid in manner herein after expressed.

1, 1. And be it further enabled. That the said several yearly duties, so charged as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition to the respective duties charged by an al, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several duties upon housesy windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows,, and lights;. and by another at, made in. the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the lost Jejfton of parliament and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act; and also for amending so much of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and by another a, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited hovfes; and upon the importation of cocca nuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

III And be it further enaested, That the first aftefiment of the said duties so hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be made for three quarters of 3 year, from the fifth day of July, Que thousand

1785^ annq vi^fimo qwnw gef^jw^ pi. 9.50. 75

sand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards that, th aflefiment of the said duties.'shall be made for one whole year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

IV And be it further enacted, That the said several duties Duties to be by this act granted as aforesaid, shall be paid quarterly on the paid quar four following days of payment in the year; (that is to say), terly»

the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of Ottober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

V And be it further enacted, That the said duties, granted by the occu by this act as aforesaid, shall be charged only upon the inhabi piers, fants or occupiers for the time being of the houses, buildings,

or places hereby charged, or their respective executors, or administrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who shall have let or demised the same, except in the case herein after mentioned; any covenant 6r agreement made or entered into previous to the pafiing of this act, relative to the payment of any duties imposed, or to be imposed on such houses, buildings, or places, or upon such inhabitants or occupiers in respecs^ thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI And be it further enabled. That where any house shall, Houses how by reason of having some part thereof used as a (hop, be liable t0 assessed. to any of the duties so by this act charged as aforesaid, such

house shall be assessed under this act at the same yearly rent or value as the same shall for the time being be assessed at, for and in respect of the duties on inhabited dwelling houses, by virtue of the said act made in the nineteenth year of his present majesty; and where any building or other place, not being subject to any of the duties on inhabited dwelling houses, shall, by reason of the whole or some part thereof being used as a (hop, be liable to any of the duties charged by this act, such building or place shall be assessed to the said duties under this act, according to the full yearly rent or value of such building or place.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Warehouses, warehouse, being a distinct and separate building, and not part in separate pr parcel of any (hop, place, or building, chargeable with any chargeable duty by this act, but employed solely for the purpose of lodg g * ing goods, wares, and merchandise, or for sale of goods by yvhoiefale only, or carrying on some manufacture,. although the

same may adjoin to or have an internal communication with such (hop, place, or building, shall be charged with any of the duties hereby granted.

VIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in nor bakers this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any (hop, (hops etc house, or place, where bread, flour, meal, bran, and rubbles

only are made or sold.

IX And be it further enacted. That where any house, build Where houses ing, or place, liable tp any of the duties hereby granted, shall ?re

see divided into different apartments arpongft (eyeral occupiers, ap^tments^

w.

the landlord to pay the duties.

Duties to be aftefied and collected, etc according to the methods prescribed by

.30 Geo. a.

C 3 5

C 4»5

ai Geo. ir. C 10;

*6 Geo. a. C 17;

3 t Geo. a. C 22;

a Geo. 3. C 8;

and the acts of arid 24 Geo. 3*.

made.36: [1785.

ftic* same shall be assessed as if the same was occupied by one peifeiri' or family only, and the landlord or owner of every such house, .building, or place, shall be assessed as the occupier, and fllafl accordingly pay the duties hereby granted.

; X And be it further enabled. That the duties charged by this at as aforesaid, fltall be assessed, raised, levied, collected'

'received by persons to be appointed by the same authority, nd shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in this act expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and di regions as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houses, and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An act for repeating the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windowsor lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act to enforce the execution, of an act of this feffort of parliament, for granting to his Majesty sever al rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act, made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, entitled. An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act paffied in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for the more ejfec tual levying' of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of great.britain called Scotland; and by an act made in the thirty * first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and penfeons'i and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to he charged on the' said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights; and by the said herein before mentioned acts, made in the sixth, nineteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the reigri of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the same now remain in force, or are not altered by this act; and all the powers, authorities; rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, .matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, coftedling, and paying the rates and duties thereby grant ed? shall be in full force, and be duly obferyed, p radii fed, and

put;

goo^lc

1785*1 Anno vieefima^ulnto c.30. 57

put in execution,, throughout the wholejdogdom of great Brt^ tain, for the assessing, raising, )evying,"colledlfog, arid paying the several duties upon housejs,. buildings, or places, by this act, granted, as fully and effe&ualty, to all intepfs'and purposes, as the same are and( may be for Ithe assessing, raising, levying, col le&ing, and charging the rates'.andt duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, so far as 'the said poyvers, authorities, rules, and penalties are applicable hereunto, and not altered by this adh '., :,

XI And be it further enacted, That all the moneys arising. Duties to He from the duties granted by this act (the n^ceflary charges of pai4into tjlc raising and accounting for the same excepted), fhaji, from time exc e<*uer* to time, be paid into the receipt of his ivrajesty's exchequer at,

Westminster y and in the office, of the auditpf of: the said receipt,

there.shall be provided and kepta^dook'ov.^ iri which all. t :

such^monies so paid into the said1‘receipt pc

aforesaid, shall be emered. separate, aha^%^cffrw all \pther and to be eu moneys paids and payable, to' lijs m^jesty, bialkeits arid; tpc.cefr ^dhor^e^ fors,;; .upon any account whatfe'eyer; jai. rhpbnjsp, so .rate from ail «

paid T; jh'^.a'i^jreceipt.pr, e otfefem.

pay merit 'of' die, ui ties, ‘ and ^tj] .apjl' ex,

pencexas'are directed to be paid .and pzjable, 'purfuant.to/aiij act of this present fe$oh. ' ia » Ah a & far.

granting, annuities to satisfy certain havfa vtsitauin^/and trapfaprtl itlh+and ordnance debentures. % : V *.*

, And; pe ijt further ena^ed,, That fqr.an& in' eonmer^r:. Allowance to tion'of the extraordinary care and pains requifitejn making; and?a5e?°n? f£r*r adjusing the firsta{fe(fment to be made. in,, carrying' tins mn J a €

into execution, so far as refpedis fuph bujldings and places, as shall be assessed, without reference to theaffefiment oftheduties* on inhabited dwelling houses, the afleflorbrassessors flisfll Kayean* allowance for such'first afeflment of threepence for each hquse, building, or place, a fie (fed by him or them respectively;; Had and received Trom the refpedtiye receivers general, their deputy pr deputies, who are hereby appointed and dbredied, to pay the same accordingly, and who shall be allowed the same in passing their accounts. f M

XIII And be lt further ehacted, That for the better execu comraiflion tion of .this .ad, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collect €rs* ing, and paying the duties hereby granted, the coramissioners authorised or'appointed, or who Shall be authorised or appointed hereafter for putting in execution the said herein before mentioned acts, concerning the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall be commissioners for putting in. execution this present a, and, the powers therein contained, in all the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpcdtively, within Great Britain and the said commissioners, in order to the speedy exe Their fit ft cution of this act, (hallj in their respective counties, shires, meting, etc. fiewartries,. ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and * * places,

J

If cotnmifli onere neglect ta meet at the times appointed, they may afterwards meet C

commissioners not to at until they have taken the proper oaths.

Oath of qualification.

. ahi^lcd^qotetd ois©reir itfi.

places, for which they are or shall be appointed cdfchaljlipnersr refpeiiively; meet For the first time on of before ti fifth day f July, one thousand seven Hundred and eighty five^jahji fh^ll ih like manner meet yearly and every year, at such days or times as the said commissioners for the time being (half think proper tb appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and ftlall then divide therhfelvefs to aft in separate dmficfs, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for afleising, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in fuel; and the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the said before men tiotied acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties on hoiifes, and windows or lights, thereby imposed, except in such cases III which art alteration s made by this act.

XIV Provided always, and be It further enacted, That if,

by any neglect. or default, there foal! riot have been a meeting of the/aid cammiffibners, and a due execution of the several, powers hereby created; within or at the time or times, or according to the .manner: or clrcamftances directed Or prescribed in and by this present acl, t Shall arid may be lawful for the; faits c^tt; miffidners, or any hvirp orin all the *

courses;,. fhirei, stewartries, ridirigs, cities, boroughs, cinque' poftsy towns, arid: places, in Gredt Britain respectively, Wherein; foefi default shall havr happened, to meet and execute, the said: powers at any other time or times, anything herein before' ctmtained to the contrary notwittiftaridirig; and they are hefe;, by authorised and required*forthwith, or as soon as may be alf ' tef the time or times 'at which such meetings shall have been Hdd, and such power?' (houid have been executed according to the directions bf'this present act, to meet and‘execute the same, * as That the said rates and duties charged by this t be duly arid effectbally charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to Hi; s Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses in this act, V notwithstanding any such omission or desect; and all such meet * irigs and a‘cts of the said commissioners, or ariy two or more of them, shall be deemed arid are hereby declared to be good arid valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

XV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person shall presume to act asa commissioner in the execution of this act ("except in adrriiniftering the oath of qualification here in after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths required to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, and windows or lights, by any of the acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following oath; (that is to say),

IA.B. do [wear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a cmmijjioner, according to an all, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Third, for granting' to his Majesty certain,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 30. ^9

tain duties on (hops within Great Britain; and will determine upon all appeals, which Shall he brought before me under the said act, according to the beji of my Jkill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the commissioners, in the county, shire, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made are hereby authorised to administer: and if any person shall act Penalty on as a commidioner of this acts (except as aforesaid) before he acting.before shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every of ^jngthe fence, forfeit one hundred pounds..

XVI And be it further enacted, That the said commiffiorw Notice be ers shall cause notice" to be infer ted in the precepts to see from Siven in time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes thecappoint. or places within their respective diftridtsor divisions, whotn mentof af - they shall think fit to be presentors or assessors under the said fefiors. before mentioned acts charging duties on houses, and windows or lights, pr.any of them, that such persons are.also appointed a Be (Tors, of the duties upon houses, buildings, and places, within this‘aidf.

XVII 4ridy for the more effectually, levying and collecting the itu, ties imposed'by this act, be it further enacted. That \( at any: time there (hali be a negleist to appoint afieffofs for the fqidj duties on houses, and windows or lights; or if the assessors p; pointed (halt neglect to perform what is required of: theth b this act, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, or the infpedtor or infpedtors appointed or to be appointed under the authority of apy of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows pr lights, and they are hereby required to do or perform such and the like services as by. this act is required from such assessors; and the surveyors or irifpe&ors, ifj on the first: assessment under this act, they hall perform the duty of assessors, shall be entitled to the same reward as is hereby provided for the assessors for the said first assessment under this act.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That every person so appointed or to be appointeid iafleffor as aforesaid, or any surveyot or infpedtor hereby authorised to act as an afleflor, shall, before he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or. employment, take (betides the oaths required to be taken by assessors by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, feeing one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe a folemri affirmation, in the following form :

On failure of appointment of assessors, C surveyors or infpedtors to do their duty.

Afleflor to take an oath, besides those appointed by former acts.

IA. b. dojwear, (or affirm, as the case may require,), That in The oath, in the assessment which, by authority of an ah made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, for granting to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain, ijhalt 'make upon the houses, buildings, and places, liable to. any of the said

duties,

He; d by

- Of

i

Penalty on acting before taking the skid oath.

Duty of afleflora.

Two com miilioners to sign the af feflments.

vijcegmo quinto Georgii IIL C 30* [1785.

duties, within the district or parijfh for which I am appointed an af fifiof, I wtli fate each at the true annual valuer according to the bejl dftofjuigeinifttdnijktlh and that 1 will truly and faithfully etie cute the trujls reposed in me by virtue of the said a ft:

* V ^ ‘ ' So help me GOD.

Whith oath or affirmation any two or more of the commissioners in the County, .shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the said assessment is to be made, are hereby empowered and required to admihifter.

XIX And be itfurther enacted, That if any person appointed or to be appointed afleflor, or any surveyor or inspector hereby authorised to a as an afleflor, shall presume to ain the execution of the said office or employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath, (unless such person shall be a Qtfaker, f and shall have made such affirmation as aforesaid) he (hail forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pound?.

4 XX And be it further enabled. That such persons so appointed or to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, do and shall, before the tenth day of September, in this present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and in all future years be ‘fofb the twenty-fourth day of June eifttmate and ascertain, ac > Cbfdihg tdthe hest of their, (kill and judgement, the full and Ju(£ yearljr rent which every such building or place, hereby; Charged with 'atiyduty, within tyre limits and places for which. fodfi 'dffeffors'.are tb acts, and which is not already charged to Cfijd diity/on inhabited houses, is really and bona side worth to brief, J and dp and shall make an assessment in writing of the diitf hereby imposed, accovding to such estimate or valuation. tiport the bcctf pier or occupiers of every such building or place, and do and (hail, by writing under their respective hands, certify, the number of buildings and places respectively charged by Virtue of this a, which are not already charged to the duty ori inhabited houses, yvithin the limits of such places as aforesaid, together with the rents estimated and ascertained as aforesaid, for or in respect of the same respectively, and the names of the several occupiers thereof respectively, and the several sums of money charged on, and payable by them, for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this act; and likewise do and shall, on or before the tenth day of September, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and in all future years on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in every yekr, dei fiver the certificates or assessments, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the said cofnmissioners, or any two of more of them.

XXI And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, to whom such .assessments shall be delivered in pursuance bf this act, or any tvio of them, shall, within, the pace of one calendar month next after the receipt, of the same respectively

* ‘ "' ‘ 5 of

1785.} Anno vicesimo cpjinto georgii III c.gaj 81

Or, as foori after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or furcharges as shall or may have been made in the meari time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors, or infpecior or inspectors, as is or are herein after mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and and tdap appoint two of the persons named in each of such assessments Point cbilec«. to be collectors, or any other two such persons as they shall tors think able and responsible, for their respective divisions and places for which they shall be so presented, and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments so by them allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors for each year respectively, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect: and pay the duties hereby aflefled4 and to give acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the receiver-general, now or for the time being, appointed by his Majesty, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, or by the cotnmissioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, in the manner hereby directed, fucit money as they shall be charged with under this act, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall be answerable.

XXII And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and afleftors and other places, being extra parochial, and not within the confta colle^ora blewicks or precincts of the respective assessors, to be appointed pointed in exl by virtue of this act, the said commissioners, or any three or traparochiai more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate places.

and appoint two fit persons, living in or near the said privileged or other places as aforesaid, to be assessors for the said places; and to make and return their said assessments in like manner as by thisacl is appointed in any parish, tithing, or place; and also to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required to coilecl and pay the same, according to the rates appointed by this act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this act..

XXIII And be it further enacted, That the said commifli Commifiiori

oners, or any three or more of them, shall (trictly peruse the €£s to Peruse certificates or assessments which by this act are before directed ^ffments to be annually delivered to them, and also shall examine the *

assessors and presentors thereof; and if the said commissioners*

or any three of them, within their several limits or divisions shall, at the time of the delivery of such certificates or aflefit meats, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge, or cause to suspect, that any house, building, or place, or any part thereof, which ought to be charged by this act, is omitted in such certificates, or that any such house, building, or place, or any part thereof, is undercharged, or not duly charged according to the directions of this act, the said commissioners, or arid may fdmi any three or more of them, shall have power to summon the mon before perfoa or persons occupying such house, building, or place, to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixed, of which be under three days notice at least shall be given; and if any person or rated;

Vo*,, XXXV G persons

Sz Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 30. [1^85.

persons summoned shall neglect: to appear the said commissioners may proceed to amend such assessments, and to charge such occupier with such rate as shall appear reafoqable from the evidence before them; and moreover, the said commissioners, to whom such certificates or assessments shall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three commissioners of the respective counties, shires, or stewartries, where such assessments shall be made, shall have power, and are hereby required, by all lawful ways and means, to examine and inquire into and concerning the annual value of any such house, building, or place as aforesaid, charged in or by any such afleffmenr, or which shall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon and may cor to enlarge, "alter, abate, or diminish the said assessments, foto rest the affef be delivered to such commissioners, to the end that such duty found to be may et anc upon every such house or tenement,

erroneous. according to the true intent and meaning of this act:; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after such perusal and examination thereof, fet their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or furcharges as shall or may have been made thereto in the mean time, testifying their allowance of the same.

Duplicates of XXIV And be it further enacted. That the said commiffi assessments to 0ners, or any two or more of them, shall, from time to time e made ou. yearjy^ cause true duplicates of such assessments as aforesaid to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such and the same manner, and at like times, as is directed by the aforesaid acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, with respect to the duplicates of the assessments therein mentioned.

What those XXV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in duplicates the said duplicates to be transmitted to the receiver general .shall contain. an(j to the king's remembraneer, the number of (hops, buildings, and places, exclusive of those assessed from the assessmenfc on inhabited dwelling houses, shall be inserted, as well as the amount of the duties, in order to ascertain the money which the receivers general are directed by this act to pay to the assessors for the first year's afieflment, at threepence each (hop, building, or place, not being assessed from the afieflment on inhabited dwelling jhouses, and for the information of the proper officers, who are to allow the same in the receivers accounts, purveyors and XXVI And be it further enacted, That all and every fur anfpedors to veyor or surveyors, and inspector or inspectors, appointed or to cffmrinc appointed under and by virtue of the several acts relative to

befortthey ^uties on houses, and windows or lights, herein before men are signed by tioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties thereby impof thecommif ed, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to loners insped, examine, and supervise the assessments to be made in or for any such parish or place as aforesaid, before the commiffi pners shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for fp doings and every person in whose custody any

» such

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii lit. 8i

such certificate or assessment shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or surveyors, or ipfpector or inspectors, as aforesaid, to produce the same; and if any such If any omjjv surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, shall, after such n e assessment or assessments shall be so respectively made out, {^itbefup iigned* and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or plied by a their survey, that any house, building, or place, or any part surcharge. thereof, which should and ought to be charged with the duties hereby granted, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, such surveyor or surveyors, or in fpe&or or inspectors, shall certify the same in writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said commissioners, on or before the sixteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the first quarterly payment which shall be due on the tenth day of October, in the same year, and thenceforward, and in every future year, at the same times they make their furcharges for the duties on houses and windows under the said acts here in before mentioned, in order to have such omifliori or underrate rectified in the said assessment; and the said commissionerg are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXVII And be it further enacted, That if ariy surveyor or If a furcbargd

surveyors, inspector or inspectors, shall omit to make a surcharge j? thor

furcharges for the first half year, it shall and may be lawful ftrtoay bjear^ for the said surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors to made for a make a surcharge or furcharges for the whole year. year.

XXVIII And) for the better information of the corhmissioners appointed to carry this act into execution, and the surveyors and in jpeftors, and the persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, with respect to the annual rent or value of all houses, buildings, dr places ebarged by this act, and the better to enable them to perform their

duty; be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or aay Affeflbrs, ete two of them and the said assessors, surveyors, and inspectors, or any one or more of them, or any person or persons authorised Sea parith1" by them, or any of them, shall have liberty to inspect and to rates.. take copies of, or extracts from, any book or books kept by any parish officer or officers, or any other person or persons, of or concerning the rates for the maintenance of the pbor, or any other public taxes rates, or assessments, in any part of Great Britain within the limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any person or persons in whose euftody or power any of Penalty oti the said books shall be shall refuse or neglect to permit the said refuting them inspection, or the copies or extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said commissioners with their books when required foto do, then and in every such case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect dial!, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

XXIX And be it further enacted That no house, building, Houses to bd r place, chargeable by this act as aforesaid, shall be estimated

Or rated at any left value yearly than that at which the same *

* G 3 (lands

30gle

84 Anno vicesimo quinto'Georgii III C 30# [1785;

(lands legally rated and assessed to the public rates, taxes, and afleflinents, or any of them, now subsisting, where such premises are charged by a pound rate, and according to the full annual value thereof respectively; and when such premises as aforesaid are charged by a pound rate, according to any proportionate part of the real annual value thereof respectively, the same shall not be estimated or rated for the purposes of this act at less than the full annual value upon which such proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid.

Occupiersnot XXX And be it further enacted, That no occupier or oc to be charged cupiers of any house, building, or place, liable to any duty rates6&c°for c^arsec^ by lhls an any Parifa or place, shall be charged or the duties im assessed to the poor's rate or highway duty for or in respect of posed by this any rates or duties imposed and made payable by this act; but act. such owners and occupiers shall continue to be rated and assessed

to the poor's rate and highway duty, in such manner as they were rated and assessed to the said rates and highway duty respectively at the time of passing this act, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Payment of XXXI And be it further enacted, That the payment of affeaiettle any rates an duties granted by this act by any occupier mentor occupiers of any house, building, or place, charged with any

duty by this act in any parish or place, 'shall not entitle the person or persons, so paying such rates and duties, to a legal settle — ment in such parish or place.

Persons over XXXII And be it further enacted, That if any person or a^eal tole per r°ns a think himself, herself, or themselves respectively commission*6 overcharged or overrated by any affeflmenr, charge, or fur cra, charge, to be made by virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for

him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said commissioners; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals; and all such appeals, in respect to the assessment for the first three quarters under this act, shall be heard and determined between the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and all appeals in respect of any future aflfefiments, on the days appointed, and in the manner diredied, in the several acts herein be fore mentioned with respect to the rates and duties on houses, and windows or lights, thereby granted.

In what cases XXXIII And be it further enacted, That the said commis he commis fiqners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing of such abat^the af appea'> roake any abatement or defalcation in the charge or fur feflments. * charge made upon any person by such afleflinent as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any fpeh surveyor or surveyors, or infpedtor or infpedlors as aforesaid, but the same shall stand good and remain part of the assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said commissioners, by examination of the circumstances of the case upon oath, to b administered by any three or more of them tha* such person hath been overrated in and by such af p feffmen|

i 5.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 30. 85

feflment or surcharge; in which cases the said commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diminish any such assessment to be made as aforesaid in such manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this a; and every person intending Perform Into appeal to the said commissioners shall, and is hereby required t, nt|to.®p* to give, at the lead, ten days notice thereof to any afleflor or jovaysno assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, of the tice to aflef parish or place wherein such person is assessed, of fudi intention for, See. to appeal, and such afleflor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or infpedtor or infpedtors, may then and there attend to justify the said assessment and surcharge 5 and such assessor or assessors* surveyor or surveyors, or inspector dr fnfpe&ors, and appellant,

shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and whilffi the said commissioners shall be determining the same.

XXXIV And be it further enacted, That all appeals, once Appeals once heard and determined by the said commissioners, or any three determined to or more of them, or the major part of them then present on be na; the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall

be final, except as is herein after directed.

XXXV And be it further enacted, That if any such afleflor Exception or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or infpedtor or infpedlors, or

the persons so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend the determination made by the said commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such afleflor or affdffors, surveyor or surveyors, or infpedtor or inspectors, or appellant respectively, to require the said commissioners to (late specially, and to sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to (late and sign such case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the Further ap court of king's bench or common pleas, or to one of the bap allowed rons of the court of exchequer for the time being; and every Wales to one such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient justiceofthe speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his king's bench, opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opi ^- 5 nion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: and if such and iq Scot? afleflor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or infpec an tors, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the said commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person dissatisfied, respectively, toejfequire

G 3 thp

jg& Anno .vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 30. [1785;

the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, to state fpeciajly, and sign he case upon which the queftiop prose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said commissioners are hereby required to (Jate and sign such: : accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the

party making such request as afore said, to be by him or her to aiudge transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge a baron" of°r and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to re the exche turn an answer to such, case so transmitted, with his opinion querf thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so

.certified, the assessment, which shall have beep the cause of such appeal. Avail be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithstanding any such case, so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, pr barons, the determination of the # said commissioners (hail (land, with respect to the payments which shall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

Penalties XXXVI And be it further enacted. That every penalty or feeding 20i. forfeiture, which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater recovered.2 than twentyfounds, shall be recovered in any of his Ma' jesty's courts of record at Wejlminstery if the matter shall arise within; England or tvalesy or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, of jkpore than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety pi every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the per jon or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Penalties not XXXYII. And be it further enacted. That in all cases pxceedmg.ol. where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth notex ableyefore^ ce the of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two jujiices; two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, shire,

' .stewartry, division, city, liberty, town or place wherein the of.

. shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the

* voluntary cqnfe.ffion of the party or parties accufefi, or by the

': V Aath of oner or more credible witness or witnesses; and one

. - a, Moiety pf every such last mentioned penalty shall belong to hi Majesty, r his; .heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the pd may see; \ informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of

levied by di .nonpayment shall be levied by distress and sale.of the offender's. : goods apd chattels, by warrant under the hands and' seals of

t'such justices 5 and the .overplus; of the money raised, after de dufftiftg the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, jftiall see rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient di' jtkefs* the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of

|uch m«nty, : shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, town or place, for such time, pot exceeding six months, nor Jess that ^nep^onth^ fis such justices shall think most proper,

. ' 'r.... y......................... .........................

1785.] Anno vicesimo qnlnto Georgii III C go 87

XXXVIII And be it further enabled. That if any person Persons ag or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the grieved may Judgement of any such justices, then he or they shall andtnay, appeai to the upon giving fecurify to the amount of the value of such penalty er e * and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in

.Case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any person or persons shall be summoned, as a witness perf°ns sum or witnesses, to give evidence before such justices of the peace, ^tnefte^who touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the shall neglect part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and to attend, shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the time and place to be

for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect, or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as herein before directed as to other penalties.

XL Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful Justices may to and for the said justices, where they shall see cause, to miti mitigate pe gate and lessen any such penalties as they shall think4it, rea naltie8 fonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation does not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and V

charges; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XLI And be it further enacted, That all constables and Constables, Jieadboroughs, tithingmen, and all other his Majesty's officers, and other of hall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively a^nginthe aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey execution of and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them di this act. reded in that behalf by the respective commisioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them

XLII And be it .further enacted.. all actions, suits, Limitation of and informations, ^: for any: offence against this act, shall be a<ftmns, brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested,

(pr prosecuted fox anything by him or them done or executed. m pprfuance of this act, or of any dause, matter, or thing

G 4 herein

General issue.

Treble costs.

Preamble

From July i, 1785, the t'eafurer of the navy to apply to the treaiury for money as herein mentioned; which (Kail b issued to the bank,

and placed t the account of the treasurer of the navy,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 31. [1785j

herein contained, such person or persons' shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue an action, or suffer a nonpros, or shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

GAR XXXI

An act for letter regulating the office of the treasurer of his Maf jess navy

WHEREAS it appears, by the reports made by the comtnif feoners appointed to examine, take, and fate, the public accounts of the kingdom, that regulations are necessary for better conducting the business in the department of the treasurer of his Mdjejly s navy; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July, one thou fa nd seven hundred and eighty-five, the treasurer of his majesty?s navy for the time being, in all memorials to be by him presented to the treasury for money for navy services, shall pray that such sum as he requires may be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England oh his account; and shall transmit with each memorial a copy; of the letter or letters from the commissioners of the navy, victualling, and sick and hurt boards, directing him to apply for such sum or sums; in which letter or letters the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and directed to Specify for what particular service or services the said money is wanted; and shall also date the balances then in the hands of the treasurer of the navy, under each head of service respectively; and the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, shall direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue, to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treasurer of his majesty's navy, naming such treasurer for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn, upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer in favour of the said treasurer, for which the receipt of the caftiier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all sums: for which letters of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury Avail be drawn, shall be issued to the: governor and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have been heretofore issued to the trea 0 surer of his majesty's navy j and all such moneys to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall be placed pn kn account or accounts to be raised iti the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be entitled, Tke Account of the Treasurer of his Majejlfs Navy,

*785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 31. 89

inferring the name of such treasurer for the time being, for the pay branch, cashier's branch, and the victualling branch; and on receipt of all such moneys at the exchequer, the treasurer of the navy shall immediately certify to the commissioners of the navy an account of the whole receipt, under therefpe&ive heads of service, and shall also certify to the commissioners of the victualling, and sick and hurt boards, the particular sums received, and applicable to those services respectively.

II And be it further enacted and declared, That no sees No extra fees whatsoever shall be paid at the exchequer or treasury for or by *<> be paid at reason of the transactions aforesaid, beyond the amount of what XC e hath been usually paid upon imprefts and accounts hitherto q

made, according to the former custom of transacting business between the exchequer, navy pay office, and bank, several ly.

III And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From July i,

jday of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no *785* ho mo money for the service of the navy shall be issued from his Ma f^vices^a? jesty's exchequer to the treasurer of the navy, or shall be placed, be tinted from or directed to be placed in his hands or possession.. the same the treasury shall be issued and directed to be paid to the governor and com *betrea

pany of the bank of England, and to be placed to the accounts °*thc

iabove mentioned, according to the services for which it is craved

and issued.

IV And be it enacted, That the treasurer of his majesty's The treasurer navy for the time being, by himself, or the person or persons to draw on in his office duly authorised by the said treasurer, from and after aunav*^fertile first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty vjce8# y five, shall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of

England for all navy services whatever, and shall specify, in each and every draught, the head of service for which the same is drawn; and no draught of the said treasurer, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient voucher to the said governor and company of the bank of England, unless the same specifies the head of service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

V Provided always, That the moneys to be issued unto the Bank not to governor and company of the bank of England, on account of p?y said mo the treasurer of his majesty's navy, shall not be paid out of the so^2vy fer bank, unless for navy services, and in pursuance of drafts to be vices, and in drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England pursuance of and signed by the treasurer of his majesty's navy for the time proper draught, being, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; in which

drafts shall be specified the heads of service to which the sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which drafts, so drawn, shall be sufficient authority to the bank to pay such money to the persons mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearer *of them.

C ' VI And be it further enacted, That upon the death, refig On the death nation, or removal, of the present, and every other treasurer of or renlova* °* fiis majesty's navy hereafter to be appointed, the balance of balance in

calli

gq

the bank to vest in his successor.

Treasurer to

issue hts*draft3 for all unfatif fied demands;

and to make ub annual' accounts df nivy and victualling fer vic€8, ' W'

t6 be trans ' mittedfothe auditor of the impressed.

Treasurer to inferty in the' annual ae 1 Count, all payments made" to him in loch year, etc.

j

Amo ykefimo quinto Georgii IIL C 3 u [1785;

caflvfor rwhieh he shall at that time have credit, an his account or accounts as treasurer of his majesty's navy, with the governor and company of the bank of England, shall, at the end of the current moath after a successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually veil in such successojy in trust for the service of the navy under the respectiye heads, and be forthwith transferred,. carried over, and placed to the account or accounts of such successor treasurer of his majesty's navy, to be applied to the said service, in pursuance of the like drafts as aforesaid: and the treasurer of his majestyvnavy for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifttions to the treasury, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, for all charges and demands on account of the navy service, which, shall be due and remain unsatisfied, although the same may have, accrued in the time of any former treasurer. C VII And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer of the navy shall, and he is hereby required to make up, or cause to be <made'upy .an annual account of the navy and vidualling fsrvices, entitled. The Account of the Treasurer of his Majejlf s Navyr to berfigned and attested by every treasurer who shall llffvepaid; or discharged any part of the said account; the first (account toend.on: theihirf.y first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and every succeeding account to rhegin on the Sift day of January to end on. the thirty first

day of; december in each year following, and to transmit the same (having: heen previously examined in the offices of the comniiflionerscof the navy, of the vidualling office, and of the lick and hurt and .signed by the commissioners of the navy), to the auditor; of auditors of the impressed, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, ^ within three months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said annual accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to present, or cause to be presented, the same to the proper officer, or officers for declaration; and when the same is declared, a quietus or acquittance, in the usual form, shall be made out to the said treasurer or treasurers, his or their heirs, executors, and admirff* iirators. r:

VIII And be it further enacted, That the treasurer of the navy shall every year insert, in the said annual account, all payments which shall have been made by him in thecourfe of such .year,; and that all bills, which shall have been drawn by the commissioners' of the navy or vidualling, shall be sufficient vouchers; to discharge the said treasurer of any Aims paid by him upon such bills, whether the payments directed to be made by the said bills shall be specified to be upon account, or, otherwise; and that when the said treasurer of the navy shall, in the account of. any year, have taken credit for any payments made in pursuance of impressed bills, or on account, no further bills shall inr any subsequent period be drawn upon the said treasurer, or any treafurbr>of the navy for the time being, for the purposes of clearing the said imprests, but the persons to .whom the pay 1 - menu

9*

1785.] Anno vicesimo 'quinto Georgii III. C 31,

jments have been so made on account, shall he fet insuper; in the exchequer, apd to be made accountable for the same, and the treasurer of the navy shall be no longer chargeable or accountable for the same.

IX And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Treafurerto

first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, keep an ac thp .treasurer of his majesty's navy for the time being shall keep the bankltetc the account with the bank of all moneys issued to or directed to 1 *

be paid to him for the service of the navy; and the said treasurer, observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed,

shall not be answerable for any money which he shall not actually receive; and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the moneys which shall be actually received by them for the service of the navy.

X And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Any person shall, from and after the passing of this act, knowingly and will forgingthe fully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or tr^ahire^ etc counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully actor assist in the forg to obtain mo ing or counterfeiting the name or hand of the treasurer of his ney from the majesty's navy for the time being, or the person or persons au bank, shall thorifed as aforesaid, to any draught, instrument or writing whatsoever,

for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the a3 a 0 money in the hands or custody of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treasurer of his majesty's navy; or shall forge or counterfeit, or caiife or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any draught, instrument, or writing in form of a draught, made by such treasurer of his majesty's navy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whomsoever; every such person and persons fb offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XI Provided always, and be it enacted. That this act shall Not to pre mot extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the treasurer

of his majesty's navy from issuing to the pay clerks at the feve mmiey

ral outsorts, such Sums as maybe thought necessary by the to pay clerks

navy board for paying ships, and carrying on recalls; and the at outports.

pay clerk at each port shall, and he is hereby required to make

up, at the end of every month, on account of all his receipts!

and payments during that month, which account shall be signed

.by him, the comptroller's clerk, and the ticket office clerk, at

each port, and transmit the same, within fourteen days after the

expiration of each month, to the treasurer of his majesty's navy,

and a copy thereof to the commissioners of his majesty's navy;

and the comptroller's clerk at every out port shall, and he is

hereby required to transmit to the navy board every week an

pccount of the payments made by tlietreafurer's clerk at that

port' '

XII And

Preamble.

92 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 32.' [178$.'

On the death, XII And be it further enacted, That, upon the death, re etc. of every fignation, or removal, of every treasurer of his majesty's navy, derktac ld *ke accounts of the pay clerks at the several out ports shall be counts to be immediately made up and the balance of cash, for which he made up, etc. shall at that time have credit with each of them, shall, as soon as a successor shall be appointed, be carried to the credit of the account of such successor, and an account thereof forthwith transmitted to the commissioners of the navy.

CAP. XXXII

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, viftualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

May it please your most excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the large supplies which were granted for carrying on the late war, several debts remain unprovided for, on account of bills payable in the course of the navy and viftualling offices, and for transports, and upon account of debentures payable out of the office of ordnance; and it is highly expedient that provision Should be made for the establishing certain annul ties,; to be paid to the persons interejled in or entitled unto such bills and debentures, in lieu thereof in the manner herein after mentioned j we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do therefore ixiqft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,. and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons interested in or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, or for transports, which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, who already have carried, or shall, on or before the sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, carry the same, after having had the interest thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the office of the treasurer of his majesty's navy, shall have, in exchange for the same, from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon; and the persons who shall be possessed of such certificates shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be in titled, in respect of the same, to the sum of one hundred and eleven pounds and eight Shillings capital (lock, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so jn proportion for any greater or lesser sum; and also, that all persons interested in or entitled unto such navy, vidlualling, and transport bills, made out between the said thirtieth day of June, one

thousand

Persont possessed of navy or victualling bills, etc. dated on or before June 30, 1783, etc. may carry them to the treasurer of the navy's office, and exchange them for certificates;

on delivery whereof at the bank, they shall be entitled to certain flock. Regulations relative to such bills made out bein

osted by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 93

thoufapd seven hundred and eighty-three, and the first day of Ja tween June nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eiehtv five. who already 3°, 1783, and

one thousand seven hundred and ei y ^

after having had the interest, due upon such of the said bills as bear an interest, computed and marked upon the said bills to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, at the navy and victualling offices respectively, to the treasurer of his majesty's navy, shall have in exchange for the same from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the said governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon, after deducing therefrom a sum, at the rate of five shillings per centum, upon the amount of such principal and interest, for every month between the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and the day on which such bill was made out; and the persons who shall be possessed of such certificates, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to one hundred and eleven pounds and eight Shillings capital (lock, for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificate, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser sum : and also that all Similar pro persons interested in or entitled unto any debentures, payable visions re out of the office of ordnance, which were dated on or before deben the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred tures. and eighty-three, who already have carried, or shall, on or before the sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, carry the same to the treasurer of his majesty's office of ordnance, and shall have the interest,, such debentures computed, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall, in exchange for such debentures, have a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount of the principal and interest of such debentures, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be in titled, in respect of the same, to the sum of one hundred and eleven pounds and eight Shillings capital (lock, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser sum; which said capital (lock shall be attended with annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein after mentioned.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per Persons pof fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, who fefied of any shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any bill or deliver bills payable in course out of his majesty's offices of the navy or them to the

victual refpe6fcive

have carried, or shall, on or before

treafarerg, t have them marked, * etc. before June 7, 17 $5'

Interest due on July 5, 1785, on navy bills, etc. to be marked thereon at the respective offices.

Treasurers of the navy and ordnance may receive and cancel such bills, and deliver certificates in lieu thereof.

Annoividefimo quinto Georgii III C 32. [1785;

'vksfualling, or for transports, which were respectively made out or'dated in the said respective offices on or before the thirtieth day of June? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and between the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and the said. first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or shall be possessed of interested in, or entitled unto, any debenture or debentures payable out of his majesty's office of ordnance, which were respectively made out or dated on or before the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to deliver such bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the respective rreafurers of the said offices, to be marked, cancelled, and certified, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette, and other public papers, for that purpose.

III Provided always, and be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid. That the interest which became due on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for and in respecst of such of the said navy, victualling, and transport bills, as bear an interest, shall be computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, before the same are delivered to the treasurer of his majesty's navy; and the proper officer and officers of his majesty's navy office and victualling office respectively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his majesty's navy for the time being, to take in and receive from ail and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, all the said bills which any such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, shall, on or before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his paymaster and cashier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills; and that also it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his majesty's office of ordnance, in like manner, - to take in all such debentures, payable out of the said office of ordnance which, on or before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be delivered to him; and the said last mentioned treasurer, or his deputy, is hereby authorised and required to cancel the same, and to make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of such debentures.

V And

goo^lc

17%5*1 a^o vicesimo quirito Georgii IIL C

V And be it further enacied, That if it shall happen that, ' from the multiplicity of computations to be made upon the several bills that may be brought to the respective offices of the navy or victualling to be marked, and the interest thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the same cannot be completed so as to be delivered to the treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or cashier, within the time limited by this act, for the said treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, to form the proper calculations, and make forth such certificates as are herein directed to be transmitted to the bank of England; in all such cases, any person or persons, entitled to such of the saidl navy, victualling, or transport bills, as shall be tendered to, and left with the officers herein directed to receive such bilk, on or before the said sixth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon producing to the treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or cashier, any bill or bills, marked and computed in the manner herein before directed, shall be entitled to receive from the said treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the bank of England for the sums contained in such bill or bills; provided such bill or bills shall be demanded at, and received from the respective offices of the navy or victualling, on or before the thirtieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and shall be delivered to the said treasurer or his paymaster or cashier, within seven days after the same shall be received from the said navy or victualling offices respectively, notwithstanding the time of tendering the same to the said treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, shall be after the day herein limited for that purpose; and the several and respective officers abovementioned are hereby authorised and required to issue such bills and certificates accordingly.

VI And in case it shall happen that any person or personsy entitled to any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, or ordnance debentures, shall, from any unavoidable accident or cause, not be able to deliver into the respective offices of the navy or victualling, or to the office of the treasurer of the ordnance, on or before the said sixth day tf/'june, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, any such bills or debentures, be it enacted, That upon sufficient cause being shown, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, at any time or times before the sixth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to direct, authorise, and empower the officers of the navy or victualling offices respectively, and of the treasurer of the ordnance, to accept and take in from such person Or persons any such bills or debentures, and to compute the interest and mark the same; and the treasurer of the navy and ordnance respectively to make forth such certificate cr certificates as are herein before directed to be done and made out; and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and empowered to give credit for such flock and

annuities.

9$

In case all such bills caa not be delivered to the treasurer of the navy, within the. time before limited, a further time to be allowed:

and so likewise for such bills as cannot be delivered into the navy or victualling offices, etc. within these time before limited.

Person pro ducing their certificates at the bank, shall be entitled to 5 percent, annuities for the same.

Annuities to be deemed personal estate,

and to be tax free.

Annuities to be paid out of a fund to be established this session, etc.;

and to be made a joint Hock with the annuities efta

Annp vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.32; [1785]

annuities, as such person or persons would have been entitled to, in respect of such bills or debentures, in case such bills or debentures had been delivered into such office or offices before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, who shall deliver any such bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the said respective treasurers as aforesaid, upon producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said treasurers, in lieu of such bills and debentures, shall, in respect of the principal sum hereby granted, for every entire sum of one hundred pounds contained in such respective certificates, have and be entitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, or such as he, (he, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively; which said annuity shall be payable half yearly at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say), the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, the first payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, fare, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act 5 and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid * the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the moneys which shall from time to time arise and be in the receipt of the exchequer of the fund to be established in this session of parliament, and for which the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund,. shall be a collateral security; and that the said annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five millions of the public debt, bearing interest after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this acton which the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending.

V

*; 8*] Ahno vicesimo qulhto Georgii III e. 32. ( 97

tendings shall from and after the fifth day of "July, one thou blifliedby sand seven hundred and eighty-five, be added to, and made a4 Geo. 3, one joint flock of annuities, tfansfierrarble at the bank of Eng eland, with the annuities established by an act made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities, to satisfy certain navy, victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures); and that all and every perfori and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which hebe,

or they shall become entitled, as aforesaid, by virtue of this ast, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional ill ter eft and share in the Paid flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid;; that all the said joint flock of annuities shall be paid and payable out of the several duties granted, as well by sundry acts passed in the last session of parliament for the payment of annuities granted in the same session, as of such duties as by any act or acts of this present session shall be charged with, and madd applicable to, the payment thereof.

X And be it further enacted by the authority' aforesaid.

That, upon the delivering in of every such navy, victualling, Treafufei4 of or transport bill, by any person or persons, bodies politic or recei^of n * the treasurer of his majesty's navy, or his paymaster vy bills, etc * cashier, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to give cer forthwith to give a certificate, signed by him or them, for the tificates for principal sum or sums contained in every such bill, and also for fariie> the interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid, to be due on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon such of the said bills as bear an interest, to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns; and that upon the de and so itke livering in, by any person or persons, bodies politic or corpo the

rate, of every such debenture or debentures, the treasurer of his qvdnance, on majesty's office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall, and they are the receipt of hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate, debentures, signed by the said treasurer or deputy, for the principal sum or sums contained in every such debenture, and also for the interest on such debentures, computed.after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, one thousand feveii hundred and eighty-five, to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, orbis, her, or their assigns; and all such Certificated certificates shall be assignable by endorsement thereupon made, at any time before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no.longer; and all Rich certificates and alignments thereupon shall not be charged with any stamp duties whatsoever; and that the interest so computed and marked on every such bill and debenture respectively, bearing interest as aforesaid, shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill and debenture respectively; and the amount of such principal and interest, or the amount of the sum contained in every such bill and debenture not bearing ir. terest, certified in. manner before directed, except as herein after You XXXV H h

Bills or debentures, the property of infants, may be delivered

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 32. [1785,

is mentioned, shall be the principal sums for which the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, delivering such bills or debentures, shall, for every one hundred pounds therein mentioned, fie entitled to one hundred and eleven pounds, and eight Shillings, in the capital (lock of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, established by this act, and foin proportion for any greater or less sum.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any infants shall, by the gift, devise, or decease of the parent, or other relation of such infants, or otherwise, become entitled to any of the said bills or debentures; in such case, the guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees of such infant or in

by their guar fants, (half or may be, and he, (he, or they, is or are hereby

riians, etc. to the said treasurers.

empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such respective treasurers all such of the said bills or debentures to which such infant or infants shall be so entitled; and such infant and infants, guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees,

delivering up such bills or debentures, shall be entitled to

Clause rela

etc

such an annuity as aforesaid, and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same; anything herein contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XII Provided also, and be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who, as executor to,

etc. in possess or administrator, trustee, committee of an idiot, or lunatic, or fion of execu persons of unfound mind, depositary or mortgagee, shall be or tors, trustees, become possessed of, interested in, "or entitled unto, any of the depositaries, said bills or debentures, shall and may deliver up such bills or debentures, as they shall be so possessed of, interested in, or in titled unto, to such respective treasurers as aforesaid;; as to executors or administrators, the annuities which they shall be entitled to in refpedf of the said bills or debentures so by them delivered up, shall be the same assets in their hands as the said bills or debentures were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid; and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the annuity which they shall be entitled unto, for or in respect of such trust, or mortgaged bills or debentures, which they shall so deliver up to such respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall be subjedi and liable to the same trusts, and equity of redemption, as such bills or debentures were, or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

XIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and he and .they is and re hereby respectively authorised and required to take in and receive all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills and debentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of the diredfions of this act; and upon the receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby

required

The bank to receive certificates;

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 32^ gg

required forthwith to give credit, in a book or books to be pre and for every pared for that purpose, for the principal sum of one hundred iool. therein and eleven pounds, and eight Shillings, for every one hundred contained, to pounds contained in every such certificate To brought to him °

or them as aforesaid, and foin proportion for a greater of lester sum; and the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, Stock may hi whole credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said transferred book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being shall also, on of before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written dh paper of the said book or books first herein before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV Andy for the more ea fy and Jure payment of the annuities ejiablished by this atty it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank The batik, of Englandy and their successors, shall, from time to time, ap from fime t point and employ one or more sufficient person or persons. i1 a^caftsief within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firrt nd account cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the ant general same office, to be their accountant general; and that the mo ec;

nies from time to time, and at any time, being in the receipt

of the exchequer of the fund to be established for paying the

said annuities, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury,

or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for

the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued

for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be i(fued and paid at the

said receipt of exchequer to the said first or chief ca(hiej* or

cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of Eng

landy and their successors, for the time being, by way of impressed,

and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities;

and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said moneys shall Caflijef', dii

from time to time be issued, shall, from time to time, without ^£idesat the

delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or ^che%femo

their accounts thereof according to the due eourfe of the? ex pay the ari

chequer. miitics.

XV And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant Accountant

general for the time being shall, from time to time, infped and general to examine all receipts and payments of the said caffiier or cashiers* $

and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any and payments fraud, negligence, or delay,

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That all the moneys intended to be converted into annuities by Moneys to be virtue of this at, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be converted in one capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the rate Of five pounds per centum per annum Shall be attending; joint ftoek*

Hi and

and to be transferrable.

Transfer books to be kept in the accountant general's office, C

100 Anno viecgmb quinto g&d&ctti III fc; 32. [if785*

arid that all and every perfort and persons, ihd corpbfktidhs whatsoever, in proportion to the triorifey tohich he, (he, or they shall be entitled to as aforesaid, shall have, and be deie'med to have, a proportional interest arid share in the said (lock, arid in the annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint flock, or any share or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this a d directs, arid not otherwise: : that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the said accriuntant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, Wherein all assignments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint flock, or ariy part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the farrie at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered;; entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers; or, if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom such transfer shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said flock, and the annuities attending the same, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

XVII Provided always. That all persons possessed of any share or interest in the said joint flock of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will, as relates to such estate, share, or interest, be entered in the said office; and that, in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns,

XVIII Provided also, and. it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said governor and company of

portion until the and their successors, notwithstanding the

redemption of redemption of all or any of their own funds in pursuance Of the the annuities, acts for establiflhing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the said annuities shall be redeemable by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act,

XIX And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid.. no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the interest on the said

interest on or bdls or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling cancelling' the said bills or debentures, or any of them, or for granting said bills, C certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for ifliiing the moneys

for

Stock may be devised by will.

Bank to con

No see to be taken for computing

i785.] Anno vicefinap quinto Georgii II C 33. tot

, for paying the said annuities, or^any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or ftnall, to he made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity contrary to this adfc,

hail, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to on penalty of the party grieyed, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by 2q * action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury, or any three Treasury may or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three ™fons aem. or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, ployed in shall have power, and they are hereby authorised, out of the executing this fund to be established in this lesion of parliament for payment ut of the of the annuities granted by this act, or out of the sinking fund,

to reward all such persons 3$ shall be anyways employed in the annuities., execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same: and also to appoint such allowances as they shall think proper, for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, and trouble of the accpuntant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on him by this act; all which allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank ' of England fhau be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, he Person9 profiled, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them execu^n^this .done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the ge plead the general issue, and give the special matter in.evidence neral for his or their defence; and if a verdict (hail pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him and recover or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. treble costs,

CAP. xxxur.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five. —

To raise 1000000 before Jan. 5* 1786, as by malt aft,

H 3 CAP.

102 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 34, [1785;

CAP, XXXIV

act for better paving, cleaning, repairing, lighting, and watching ' the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Rent; and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for erecting a market house, and holding a public market in the said yilj.

Commissioners for putting the act in execution. In case of the death cof commissioners, new ones to be defied. Not obliged to elect new commifiioriers, until the number is reduced to thirty. No person folding any office, or having ftiare in contract or works, to aft as com miffiooer. The major part of comroiffioners, not less than seven atany meeting, to carry the act into execution. The president to have the cast jng voice, proceedings to be entered in a book. Such book to be evidence. No act of the commissioners tp be binding unless tfone at ^ meeting, fr'irft meeting at the workhouse in Ramsgate on the Tuesday fortnight after the parting the act. Adjournments by majority, C qualities.ion of commissioners, (except mayor of Sandwich and vicar of t. Laurence) residence in said vill, aol. per apn. real estate, and 500l periong. Penalty op aftmg not being qualified, iool. Commissioners jjto appoint a clerk, treasurer, and surveyor, and allow them salaries. pfiicers refilling, C to obey the orders of commissioners, to be inca pacitated, and to forfeit 50i. Pavement veiled in the commissioners,

, may direst the pavements to be altered, relaid, or repaired. Materials

to be provided, and paid for, by the commissioners. No altera' ' to be made in the pavements without consent of the commissioners, Commissioners to contract for paving the llreet's, clamps to be affixed in such places as commissioners shall appoint. Persons destroying the lamps, or furniture thereof, to forfeit for the first offence ios. for jthe second 15s, and for the third 203. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, to make good the same. Watchmen to be appointed. For every chaldron of coals, coke or cinder, containing thirty-six Winchester butoels, imported and landed, or carried through the liberty of the vill of Ramsgate, is. and for coals, C sold by tun, of twenty hundred weight, is. and so ip proportion above ail other duty. Puty on coals, Stc. lo be collected before ships be permitted to depart from the port. On refufakto pay the duty, vessels and, carriages to be detained. obstructing payment of duty, or selling or consuming coals, See. before payment thereof, to forfeit 4q8. and damages, or be committed to the house of correction for two months, if not paid sooner; one moiety of the penally jto the informer. Books to be provided for entering accounts of moneys received by the duty. General highway act to remain in force, as by 7 s3 Geo. 3. C Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts

to the commissioners. Commissioners may borrow money at interest, * ut not more than scocl. and assign the rates as a security; or may grant

annuities on lives. Acbount of money borrowed, and annuities granted, to be entered in books. Persons purchasing annuities to enjoy the same during their lives, dr lives of their nominees. Securities may be trans ferred. Moneys borrowed to be charged upon the duties, C The duties to be applied to the purposes of the ach When moneys paid off, commissioners to assemble inhabitants, and if they agree, then the duty to continue for ten years longer, but if they do not consent, then the duty to be reduced to 6d. per chaldron or tun; and at the expiration of the said fen years, finally to cease. Pavements to be repaired upon complaint.of want of reparation, foot pavements to be swept by inhabitants. Land to be provided for depositing materials for repairing the L streets. Signs to be placed on the fronts of houses, and incroachments

to be removed. footpaths and highways may be widened. Annoyances to be rempved. Nuisances not to be permitted in the streets, C Liberty to make enclosures for building or repairing houses, C Projections to be avoided in future. Penalty on obstructing the execution of the ad 3i. Power to get materials, Watchmen to apprehend ma * ** lefactorf

17 85.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 35. 103

lefattors and disturbers of the peace. Comraiffioners to set out a market. market house to be erected. market house veiled in the commissioners. Market tolls not to commence till twelve months after the market is opened. To prevent incroachments on the market, no other to be held in the vill, nor any flesh, nor raw victuals, fish, poultry, butter, eggs, herbs, roots, nor garden stuff, to be sold in any other place therein, on penalty of 5i. to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and one moiety to go. to the informer. Fishermen may sell fish on the strand, and the inhabitants provisions in their houses. Penalties may be 'mitigated. market house, C to be erected by voluntary subscription. Commissioners to purchase ground for the market. If owners of ground refuse to agree, jury to settle damages, with the usual clauses. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and applied for the purposes of the at. Expenses of the al to be paid out of the money collected. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions. t)iftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Saving the jurisdiction of Sandwich. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. pub lick act.

CAP. XXXV

An act for the more easy and effectual sale of lands, tenements, and hereditaments of crown debtors, or of their sureties,

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of Preamble.

the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (entitled, An act to make 13 Eliz, C 4, the lands, tenements, goods and chattels, of teliers, receivers,

C liable to the payment of their debts), for the better security of the Queen's maje/ly, her heirs and successors, against such as Should have the receipt and charge of the money and treasure of her highness, her heirs and successors, it was declared and enacted, That all lands, tenements, profits, commodities, and hereditaments, which certain officers of the crown, farmers, and persons therein named, particularly the treasurer or receiver of any sums of money imprejfed, or otherwise for the use of the Queen's maje/ly, her heirs or successors, then had, or at any time thereafter Should have, within the time he or they, or any of them, Should remain accountable 5 Should, for payment and satisfaction unto the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, of his or their arrearages, at any time thereafter to be lawfully, according to the laws of the realm, adjudged and determined upon his or their account, (all his due and reasonable petitions being allowed), be liable to the payment thereof, and be put in execution for payment of such arrearages or debts, in like and in as large and beneficial a manner, as if the person had, the day he became officer or accountant, flood bound by writing obligatory, having the effect of a statute of the jla ple, to her Majesty, her heirs or successors; and reciting, that forasmuch as many times it might come to pass, that the Queen's highness, her heirs or successors, might not be conveniently satisfied of the debt to be determined or due upon any account as ajoresaid, by way of extent, for that the yearly value of the lands extended would not satisfy her highness, her heirs or successors, within the compass of many years,

Jo as that great loss might ensue to her highness, her heirs and successors; for remedy thereof it was enacted. That if any treasurer, or other person accountant before mentioned, which Should, from and after the feajl of Saint Michael then next ensuing, receive or be charge

H 4. $bl$

.104 Anno vicesimo quinto Geoiuhi HI. C 35. [1785;

able with any money or treasure of the Queen, her heirs or successors, and should, upon the determining of his or their account, or by reason of any farm as aforesaid, be found in arrearages, and Jholtld not' within six months next after his or their accounts finished, or debt known, pay all such sums of money as he or they should, upon determination of his or their account, or upon his or their debt known, it should be lawful to the Queen's highness, her heirs and successors, at any time, and from time to time, after the said six months ended, to ' make sale, by her or their letters under the great seal of England, of ft much of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of every such accountant or debtor, so being found in arrearages or debt, as might suffice the Queen, her heirs or successors, for satisfaction, until her Majesty, her heirs or successors, should be by such sale fully fails fed ana paid off such arrearages and debt; and that if any overplus should be received upon any such sale, then the same should be paid to the accountant or farmer, or his heirs, by the officer that fioould receive the same money upon any of the said sales, without further warrant in Eliz C 3. that behalf: and whereas by an act, made in the twenty seventh: : ' of the same Queen, after reciting certain doubts upon the said act

of the thirteenth year of her reign, it was declared and enacted. That the said recited a ft, in every part thereof touching the power thereby given to her highness, her heirs and successors, to make sale of any the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the same aft limited tv be sold, should be expounded and intended, as well in case where the sale is to be made after the death of such accountant or debtor, as where it is to be made in his or .their lifetime; and also as well in case where the account is made, or ike debt known, within eight years after the death of such accountant or debtor, as where the same account is made, or the debt known, in the lifetime of the same accountant or debtor; but it was provided. That after the death of such accountant or debtor, and before any the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, deft ended'unto the heir of such accountant or debtor as heir, should be sold, a feire facias should be awarded out of her Majesty's court of exchequer unto the sheriff of the county where any such lands lie, to garnijh the same heir, to show cause why the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments, should not be put to sale for Jatisfaftion of the same debts or farms in the said act. mentioned, according to the tenor thereof \ whereupon if the heir should not, within a convenient time. Upon a garnijhment or two nichils returned, show and prove unto the said court that the executors or adminifirators of such accountant or debtor, have sufficient, which ought to answer or he liable for the same debt or farm, then, after ten months next after such two nichils or garnifhtnent returned, the sane lands, tenements, or hereditaments, should be sold by her Majesty, her heirs or successors, and the money thereof coming disposed according to the said former recited act : and after various other enacting clauses, there was a proviso to prevent Jak of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any heir, during the 5 9 ehz, C 7. time of his or her nonage: and whereas by an act, made in the thirty ninth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, the said recited explanatory act of the twenty seventh year of Queen Elizabeth was repealed, and a new exposition was made of the said recited fiatute of

ihi

1785.} Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.35i

the thirteenth of Elizabeth, %vith various new provisions \ said act of the thirty ninth year of Elizabeth being only temporary, and having expired early in the reign of James the First, the said explanatory act of the twentyseventhyear of Elizabeth became revived, and is now in force: and whereas it may tend greatly to facilitate and expedite the payment of debts to the crown, where the real estates of its accountants or debtors, or of their sureties, are seized into the King's hands under writs of extent, if a sufficient part of such estates was to be sold unto the provisions of the said recited acts of the thirteenth and twenty seventh years of £)ueen Elizabeth, but the said acts have not been lately put in use, and inconvenience is likely to arise if the mode of sale therein directed Should be pursued; be it therefore declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's court of exchequer, and the same court is hereby authorised, on the application of his majesty's attorney general in a summary way, by motion to the same court, to order that the right, title, estate, and interest of any debtor to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the right, title, estate, and interest of the heirs and assigns of such debtor, in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which have been, or shall hereafter be extended under and by virtue of any such writ of extent or diem claufit extremum as aforesaid, or fa much thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy the debt for which the same shall have been so extended, shall be sold in such manner as the said court shall direct; and that when a purchaser or purchasers shall be found, the conveyance of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments so decreed to be sold shall be made to the purchaser or purchasers by his majesty's remembrancer in the said court of exchequer, or his deputy, under the direction of the said court, by a deed of bargain and sale, to be enrolled in the same court; and that, from and after the making of such conveyance, and the inrollment thereof as aforesaid, the bargainee or bargainees in such conveyance, and his or their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, hold, and enjoy the lands, tenements, and hereditaments therein comprised, for his and their own respective use and benefit, not only against the extent of the crown, but also against such debtor of the crown, or the surety or sureties for such debtor, and all persons claiming under such debtor, or the surety or sureties, unless by a title paramount to, and available in law against such extent as aforesaid; and all moneys which shall become payable from any such purchaser or purchasers as aforesaid, shall be paid, accounted for, and applied towards discharge of the debt due to the crown, and of all costs and expenses which shall be incurred by the crown in enforcing the payment of such debt, in such manner as the said court of exchequer shall from time to time order and appoint: and if, after payment of the whole debt tq the crown and of al colls and ex

105

Court of exchequer, on application of the attorney general, may order the estate of any debtor to hi Majesty, C to be sold

pences

The surplus, if any, after ' payment of

O

debt and costs, to be paid to the persons entitled thereto.

Court of ex chequer may make an order for the production o title deeds.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.36. [1785;

pences incurred in enforcing the payment thereof, there shall be any surplus of the moneys arising from any such sale, the said surplus shall belong to the same person or persons as would be entitled to the lands, tenements, or hereditaments sold, if there had not been a sale thereof, and shall accordingly be paid to such person or persons, under the order and direction of the said court of exchequer, upon motion or petition to the said court, to be made upon such notice to the crown, and to be supported by such affidavits or other proofs, as to the said court shall from time to time seem just and reasonable.

II Arid whereas, from the want of the deeds and writings rela- five to the title of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as the said court of exchequer may decree to be sold under this atty difficulties may arise in the execution hereof \ be it therefore further eha&ed. That it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer, from time to time, to make such order touching the production, delivery, and custody of such title deeds and writings as aforesaid, in the same manner, as if a decree had been made by the said court for a sale of the lands of a crown debtor, in execution of a trust created for payment of debts by such crown debtor himself.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the term, and altering some of the powers, of an at of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, "for clearing, depthen ing, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of, Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and for preserving ships wintering therein from accidents by fire."

XI Geo. 3 C 14. Commissioners to cause a plan to be made of a new bridge, which is to be built by contract. When the new bridge is built, the present one to be taken down, and the materials sold. So much of the duties by former act, as is equal to one halfpenny per chaldron on coals, Winchester measure, last of wheat, rye, barley, malt, or other grain, and every weigh of salt, and every tonne of other goods (fifti excepted) imported into the said haven or road, and also all money thereby directed to be applied towards repairing the said bridge and the pub lick quays, there collected, and not applied, or after received, to be applied by the mayor, cof Great Yarmouth, for building the said bridge, and supporting the quays, and for other expenses as the commissioners shall direct; and all such money to be annually accounted for. Power to borrow aoool. and to afiign the rates as a security. afiign ments may be transferred. After the bridge i3 completed, the money borrowed to be paid off, according to the direction of the commission ers. The duty appropriated to repair the present bridge, to be applied (after payment of the money to be borrowed) to the repair of the new bridge, etc. Power to apply the surplus of the duties appropriated to Norwich, Norfolk, and Yarmouth, for other purposes than those directed by the act. The corporation to advertise for proposals for fur nifliing material for repair of the bridge, etc. Penalty on throwing rubbifb, etc. in the haven, etc. 40s. for every offence. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money. Former act continued, (except where altered,) and the present act to commence June 13, 1785, and to continue for the further term of twenty-one years, from the expiration of the former act. Publick act.

CAP,

*785.1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 37j CAP. XXXVII

An act for rebuilding the bridge across the river of Ayr, at the town of Ayr.

WHEREAS the bridge across the river of Ayr, which is of great public utility, being the only communication for travellers going for Ireland, by the great west road, through the county of Ayr, and for the march of his Mfljejlfs troops to Ireland by tjoat road is not only very incommodious, being Jleep at each endy and so narrow, that it is with difficulty that two carriages can pass each other, but also the same, from its great age and natural decay, is become inefficient \ it is therefore absolutely necessary either to have the said bridge taken down and rebuilt, or to build a new bridge near to it \ but the same cannot be effected without the aid of parliament

Magistrates of Ayr empowered to rebuild the bridge of Ayr. Damages to be ascertained by a jury, and the usual clauses for that purpose. For injuring the works of the bridge to pay damages and costs, and may be committed. Pontage for passing the bridge: coaches, C drawn by six horses, CC 48. by four horses, cas. by three horses, etc. is. 4d. by two horses, etc. is. and by one horse, C 6d. wagons, etc. drawn by six horses, etc. 48. by five horses, etc. 3s. 4d. by four horses, etc. as. 8d. by three horses, etc. is. by two horses, etc. 8d. and by one horse, etc. 4d. for sledges without wheels, and horses, etc. not drawing, ad. for oxen, etc. per score, is. horses, etc. unihod, per score, as. for calyes, sheep, lambs, hogs, or goats, per score, 6d. Pontage may be levied by cliftrefs. Carriages loaden with coals, peat, or turf, drawn by one horse, one penny toll. Toll to be paid but once a day, unless passing with a new loading. Penalty on evading the toll, aos. Penalty on taking off horses td evade the tolls, aos. Exemptions from tolls: horses, etc. carrying corn, or virtual, to or from Ayr milns, or farm meal to granaries, or dung, etc. or implements of husbandry, carriages, etc. with hay, corn in straw to be laid up, (but if for sale to pay,) but not coals for exportation, nor cattle, etc. to pasture or water, post horses, carriages, attending soldiers on march, or carrying vagrants. But this exemption only to extend to carriages with one horse, except carriages attending soldier.9 on march. Materials may be gotten for building or repairing the bridge. Houses not to be built on the bridge. In case new bridge shall not be built on the fcite of the old one, the toll to be collerted at the old bridge till the new one is built. If old bridge becomes impalpable before new one built, a ferry to be eftabiiihed. Foot passengers to pay one halfpenny for passing the ferry. Tolls for passing over the river by the old bridge, the same as for the new one. Carriages not to remain on the bridge, etc. longer than necessary, nor cause ob ftrurtions, on penalty of aos. Bridge veiled in the magistrates of Ayr. 5000i. may be borrowed. Fords in the river to be spoiled. Old bridge not to be used by wheel carriages after new one built. Commissioners appointed. Toll to be reduced when they produce 7i. 10s. percent, of the cost. Free when money borrowed is paid, and a fund raised to keep it in repair. Commissioners to settle accounts. Commencement of the art from the passing. Magistrates and council to have jurisdiction in complaints, and determine thereon in a summary way. Costs allowed in artions brought. Sheriffs, etc. to be aiding in execution of heart. Public art.

cap.

u#

Anno vxcegpio quinto Georgii JII. C 38. £1785;

Preamble.

dated o^t. 2$ *775*

cap. XXXVIII

An act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, doctor in physic, his ex ecutors, adminfirators, and assigns, the foie property of his inven 0r discovery of the nfe and application of certain vegetables for dying, flaming, printing and painting certain valuable colours, throughout that part of his Majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

WHEREAS his most excellent majesty King George the Third, by his letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster, the twenty-third day of Oc recital of his tober, in the fifteenth year of his reign, did give and grant unto Majesty'slet Edward Bancroft, of downing street, Westminster, doifor in ters patent, physic, and fellow of the royal society, his executors, administrators, 'and afitgnsy his said Majesty s especial licence, full power: foie privilege and authority to make, ufey exercise, and vend his the said Edward bancroft's invention of using certain vegetables growing sport taneoufiy in his Majesty's American dominions and their tingenty flamingo or colouring parts and particles, for dyings flamingo printings paintings or other wise communicating certain valuable colour s9 in upon, or to woolly hairs furs silk hemps cottons linen, jkinss leather, papers and woody and to the several produilionss manufactures, and Jubflances composed of the fames within his Majesty's kingdom 0/* England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the term of fourteen years: and whereas, in consequence of an ait of parliament made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty's To prohibit all trade and iptercourfe yvit.li the colonies of Newhampshires Majfachufet's Bay, Rhode Island, conneiii cuts New Yorks New Jerseys Penfylvanias the three lower counties on Delawares Maryland, Virginias North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgias and for other purposes therein ipentipned), and of the succeeding war, the said Edward Bancroft has been deprived of the benefit of the said letters patent: to the end therefore that the said Edward Bancroft may be restored to the full benefit of the said letters patents and be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said invention, and that his property therein and in Us improvements thereof, may be fecureds so that the public may reap all the advantages to be derived therefroms in their fullest extent; and the said Edward Bancroft may receive an adequate recompense for his fludys labours expense, and time; may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of the said Edward Bancroft) that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this act, the foie privilege and advantage of making, ufins> exercising, and vending the said invention, mentioned in tionveftedin the said letters patent, with the additions and improvements

finq$

*6 Geo, 3 £ 5*

The foie privilege of make ing and vend ins the inven

1785*1 Anno vicesimo quinto deorfili III C 38, rogi

since made therein, within that part of his majesty's kingdom Edward ban of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and croft, his exe town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be, and the same is here cutors, etc. by declared to be, veiled in the said Edward Bancroft, his ex or 14 y€ars# ecutors, administrators, and assigns, for ahd during the term of fourteen years from thenceforth next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended; and that he the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself or themselves, or by his or their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said Edward ban £roft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall at any time agree with, and'no others, from time to time, and at all times during the term of years herein before last mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make, use, exercise, and vend the said invent tiort herein before mentioned, with all and every the additions and improvements thereof, within that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, in such manner as to him the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any of them, shall, in his or their discretion, seem meet; and that the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of the said invention, for and during the said tfcrtn of fourteen years, herein before last mentioned; to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said privileges and authorities, and every part thereof, unto the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of fourteen years, from the passing of this act as aforesaid; and that no other person or persons Penalty on 0 within that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain call, - there persons ed England, the dominion of Wales ^ and the town of Berwick ^tfo^wuh upon Tweed, shall at any time, during the same term of fourteen out iicease, years, either diredllv or indiredily, make, use, or put in prac etc. tice the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubftradlion from the same, whereby to pretend himself, herself, or themselves, the inventor or inventors, devisor or devifors thereof, without the licence, consent, or agreement of the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and leal, or hands and seals, first had and obtained, in that behalf, upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offender or offenders, for his, her, 6v their contempt of this act; and further to be answerable to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, according to law, for his or their damages thereby ©ccafioned.

II Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing This a nest contained in this act shall extend, or beconftrued to extend, to to hinder the

prejudice ufin8anyin'

Ho: /

no

vention which is not the invention or application of Edward Bancroft, etc.

If Edward Bancroft, etc. shall transfer the privilege of his invention to more than five persons, etc.

or shall do anything contrary to the recited a ft.

6geo.i.c.i8,

Anno vicesimo quinto gbokgii III C 3 8/ fi ?gi.

prejudice or hinder any person or persons from making or using any invention, which is not of the invention of application of ‘the laid Edward Bancroft, of using certain vegetables growing fpontaneoully in North America, as described in his majesty's letters patent aforesaid, or which is not, or at the date of the said letters patent was not, a new invention, as to the public use and exercise thereof within that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that every objedior* which might have been justly made to the said invention not being a new invention within the true intent and meaning of an act of the twenty first of James the First, fufiicien't to invalidate letters patent, may be made in bar to any action brought by virtue or in consequence of this act.

III Provided also. That if the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons who shall, at any time during the said term of fourteen years from the passing of this act, have or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or to the power, privilege, or authority of the foie use and benefit of the said invention, shall make any transfer or assignment, or pretended transfer or assignment, of the said liberty or privilege hereby granted to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any share or shares of the benefit or profits thereof, or shall declare any trusts thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five, or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for public subscriptions to be made, by any number of persons exceeding the number of five, in order to the raising of any sum or sums of money, under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or shall, by him or themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever of any number of persons exceeding in the whole the number of five, forfuch or the like intents or purposes, or shall presume to ad as a corporate body, or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privilege hereby granted to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, into any number of shares exceeding the number of five, or shall commit or do, of procure to be committed or done, any ad, matter, or thing whatsoever, during such time as the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any such person or persons shall have any such right, title, or interest, either in law or equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better securing certain pcivers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two charters for assurance of hips and merchandizes at sea, and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned), or irt case the said power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time

bee 01*6

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.39.' 111

become vested in, or in trust for more than the number of five

persons, or their representatives, at any one time, otherwise than

by devise or succession, (reckoning executors and administrators

as and for the Angle person whom they represent, as to such

interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right of such their

testator or intestate); that then, and in every of such cases, all then this act

liberties and advantages whatsoever, hereby granted and vested y^ecome

in the said Edward Bancroft his executors, administrators, and

assigns, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; anything

herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

IV Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by

the authority aforesaid. That if the said Edward Bancroft, his Edward ban executors, administrators, or assigns, or fomeone of them, shall ec?

not particularly describe and ascertain the nature of the said in ficati0n of the vention, in its present improved state, by an instrument pnder nature of his his hand and seal, and cause the same to be enrolled in the high invention to court of chancery, within four calendar months after the pass enrolled in ing of this act, that then all the liberties, powers, privileges, thin four and advantages, hereby granted and vested in the said Edward months or Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall cease, tolofe the determine, and be and become absolutely void; anything here benefit of this in before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with ac * standing.

V Anti be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Public act. this adfc shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public

act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleads ing the same.

CAP. XXXIX

An act for the better preferring and maintaining the piers and harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

WHEREAS Cromarty Bay in North Britain, has, in all times been a mcji safe road stead to ships of all nations overtaken with forms, in any part of the German ocean; and the erection of a pier and harbour, has been judged beneficial to navigation in general, and to the commerce of that part of the united kingdoms in particular: and whereas George Ross of Cromarty, esquire, proprietor of the barony of Cromarty, and of the port and harbour, has given up, for the benefit of the public, the ground and coast necessary to be occupied by the said harbour and pier; and his Majesty has been graciousy pleased to grant the sum of five thousand pounds, out of the produce of the forfeited estates in Scotland, towards ere ft ing the said.. and pier: and whereas the main pier is erected and one of the other piers, or jettees, to complete the said harbour, is begun to be erected: and whereas the above sum of five thousand pounds not being fuss dent for ere ft ing and completing the said piers and harbour, the said George Ross has undertaken to complete the same at his own e; xpence; but the said harbour, and piers, of so great public utility,

cannot

Host >, y

Hi Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40. [1785.

tannot be maintained and preferred, without such tolls are levied as - may be adequate to that purpose: and as the same tannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, C

Sheriff depute for the counties of Ross and Cromarty, the provosts of Dingwall and Fortrose, and the baron baillie of Cromarty, to be trustees. From Aug. 1, 1785, trustees may collect the following tolls: For every boll of grain, confiding of 4 firlots, one halfpenny: for every boll of meal, one farthing: for every barrel of Englifti coals, of three bushels, one halfpenny: for every tonne of Scots coals, twenty hundred weight, 3d.: for every gross of quart bottles, id.: for each 100 bolls of lime, is. 6d.: for each boll of foreign salt, three farthings: for each boll of native salt, one halfpenny: for every 40 solid feet of wood in logs, 4d.: for each 3000 Hates and pantiles, 6d.: for each 1000 bricks, 4d.: for each barrel of salmon, id. iq.: for each 100 salmon kits, is. 8d.: for each barrel of herrings, three farthings: for each 100 barrel hoops, one halfpenny: for each 150 half barrel hoops, one halfpenny: for each 1000 Virginia barrel staves', is.: other goods according to value, a percent.: for each barrel of goods, id.: for each small pareel, one halfpenny: for all empty calks, one fourth of what they pay when full. Anchorage duties: vessels of 300 tonnes, 8s. ditto of aoo, 7s. ditto vof 150, 6s. ditto of 100, 5s. ditto of 75, 43. ditto of 50, 3s. ditto of 30, as. ditto of 15, is. ditto of 6, 6d. under 6, 3d. Owners of vessels to permit them to be raeasured, on penalty of 5i. Collectors and other officers to be appointed. To prevent evading the payment of the rates and duties, not to enter or clear out, without receipt for duty. Duties to be paid. In case of refusal, to be levied by distress. Owners of vessels refusing to pay duties, to forfeit 5i. sterling. Trustees empowered to borrow 3000i. Rates, C to be applied to the repair of the works of the harbour. obstructions to be removed. Goods not to remain on the piers more than forty-eight hours. Warehouses to be prepared for depositing goods. Gunpowder and other combustibles to be removed off the quays. Ships may be removed from one birth to another. Allowing ships in distress a preference. Throwing ballast, etc. into the harbour, 40s. penalty. Ballast, etc. to be removed off the quays. Matters of vessels answerable for damages done by their crews. Fish not to lye on the quays above forty-eight hours. Penalties and forfeitures above 5i. to be recovered by actions, and applied to the purposes of the act. For recovering penalties under 5i. before a justice. Penalties and forfeitures may be mitigated. Materials may be taken. Roads to be made to quarries for getting materials. Persons destroying the works, may be committed for twelve months. bylaws may be made. Saving the right to the ferry, etc. Act to commence Aug. 1, 1785, and to continue twenty-one years. Act may be pleaded in actions brought. Justices etc. to assist in the execution of this act; which shall be deemed a public one.

CAP. XL

An act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worjled yarn, and goods made from worjled^ in the counties of Bedford Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

P blet T T H E R E A S, by an act made in the twentysecond year of the

re. j o V V reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, acts'** Geo. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses a. C 27; committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur,

hemp.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.46. 113

hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot preflers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages; and by mother act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act to amend an 14 Geo. 3. e ad, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late 44; majesty King George the Second, entitled, Jn act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fufiian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hot prefers, and of all persons employed in the Jaidseveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages: and by another acf, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, entitled. An act: to explain and amend an act:, and 15 Geo* made in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, C 14.

An act to amend an a51, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An ai for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by C persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the ivoolien, C linen, fushan, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and ixfilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prejfers, and of all persons C employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better pay €i ment of their wages " certain penalties and punishments in the said acts reffectively mentioned are inflicted upon all persons. who Shall reel floor t or false yarn, and on persons embezzling the materials used in the said manufactures: and whereas the good purposes in the said taivs have been greatly frustrated, from the manufacturers of combing wool, worfied yarn, and goods made from worjled, being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the loss attending the resentment of the spinners and work people, by prosecuting them for offences against the said acts: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the manufacturers are enabled jointly to cany these laws into effectual execution; which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a general meeting of the manufacturers of General combing wool,, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, in meeting of the counties of Bedford, Huntingdon,, Northampton, Leicester, ™flf opointed Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ifie of Ely, shall be held at Ket r *

tering, in the county of Northampton, upon the second Tujday in the month of August next ensuing after the passing of this act, it the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the same day, notice of which shall be givgn in the Northampton,

Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newspapers, at lead twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of the peace for the Vol. XXXV I county

114 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40. [1785.

county of Northampton; at which said general meeting the said manufacturers present, by themselves or proxies appointed by writing under the hands of any such manufacturers, such proxies (if any) being also manufacturers, shall have votes; and having first chosen a chairman, the said manufacturers shall who are to elect, nominate, and appoint eighteen persons from amongst choose a com themselves, in the manner and proportions following; ' videlicet, mittee. from the county of Bedford three; from the county of Huntingdon three; from the county of Northampton three; from the county of Leicester two; frormthe county of Rutland two; from the county of Lincoln three, videlicet, one from the parts of Lindsey, one from the parts of Holland, and one from the parts, of Kejleven\ and from the Ife of Ely two; which said eighteen persons, foto be elected, shall be a committee of the said manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee shall be chosen and appointed in the manner herein after pro powers of the vided, and so as often as there shall be occasion; which corn committee. mittee are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and recommend proper persons for the said counties, and the saidt Ife of Ely respectively, to be licensed by the justices of the peace of the said counties, and the said Ife of Ely respectively, at any of their quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, or if vux adjournment, then by two justices of the peace for any of the said counties, and the said Ife of Ely to be inspectors for the purposes herein after mentioned; and the said committee shall also have the direction of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said before mentioned acts, and the management of the fund or fuods herein after to be created, and shall have power to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper" for carrying this a CL into execution, in such manner as the said committee of the manufacturers for the time being, or the majority of them, at a quarterly meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers in the said counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicefer, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Ife of Ely.

Committee to II And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for appoint a the said committee, or the majority of them, at any quarterly

clerk; meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required,

from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person or persons to be their clerk or clerks for the several counties before mentioned, and the Ife of his duty. Ely; which said clerk or clerks shall attend the meetings of the said committee, and shall, in proper hooks to be provided for that purpose, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said manufacturers shall and may, at all convenient times, have recourse to and peruse and inspect all such books gratis and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words foto be copied; and if any

'' such

j Anno vlcefiino quinto Georgii III C 40. 15

such clerk shall refuse to permit any such manufacturer to inspect any such book, or refuse to make copies or extracts thereof, at the rate or times aforesaid, he ftlall, for every such offence; forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalties inflicted by this act are directed to be recovered.

III And be it further enacted, That for the purposes afore Quarterly said a meeting of the said committee for the time being shall be meetings ap held four times in every year, (that is to say), on the Monday Pomte before midsummer day, the Monday before michaelmas day, the Monday before the Epiphany, and the Monday before easter day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, in any of the counties before mentioned, which the said committee shall think the most convenient place for trans acting the business; and the committee at such quarterly meetings shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time as occasion may require; the first of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee for the several counties before mentioned, and the said Isle of Ely, and at such place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such committee after their election; and at such first quarterly meet Chairman to ing, and every subsequent quarterly meeting, of such committee be chosen for the time being, a chairman for each of such quarterly meetings shall be chosen, and the place at which the then next quarterly meeting shall be held shall be fixed upon and appointed by the majority of such committee then assembled, and the chairman of such committee is hereby required to cause fourteen days notice to be given of the time and place of the next following quarterly meeting of such committee, in the Northampton Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newspapers; and all Questions to matters or things that ftlall come before such committee for determined their determination shall be determined by a majority of votes b7 a majority, of the members of such committee there present; and if there shall be an equality of votes upon any question which shall come before the said committee, then the chairman shall have a casting vote, by which vote such question in dispute ftlall be determined.

IV provided nevertheless, That in case, at any such quar No bu sin eft to terly meetings, there shall not be present arid assembled seven he done at of the persons conffituting such committee, then and in such un

case it is hereby declared, that no bufiriefs whatsoever shall bejefs seven done at such meeting, and the majority of the persons then pre members are sent shall cause fourteen days notice to be given in the Nor present. thampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln weekly newspapers, of the then next ensuing quarterly meeting.

V Provided also. That if, at anytime after the expiration After two of two years from the passing of this at, the said committee years, half shall judge it sufficient for the purposes of this at to meet half fngg ont^may yearly only, instead of quarterly, that then the said committee be hallien.

Three committee men may call a special meeting.

New committee men to be chosen upon vacancies.

If committee neglect their duty.

justices may, on complaint thereof, call 2 general meeting.

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 40# [1785;

shall not afterwards be obliged to hold their meetings oftener than twice in every year, which meetings shall be held upon the Monday before michaelmas day, and the Monday before Ea Jler day; and the committee at every such half yearly meeting shall be subject to the like regulations and directions, and shall have the like powers and authorities, in all respects, as are in this act mentioned or contained with respect to the said quarterly meetings; anything herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI And be it further enabled, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for the time being, that, for the more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this act into execution, or for settling or difeuffing any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a special meeting of such committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being to direct the clerk to give notice of such fpecia! meeting of the committee to every member thereof, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting seven of the said committee, it shall be lawful for the said committee, so present, to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this act to such committee.

VII And be it further enabled, That in case any one or more of the said committee for the time being shall die, or shall decline business as a manufacturer or manufacturers, or shall go to reside in any county not subject to the regulations of this act, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves from the said quarterly meetings, for the space of one year, or refuse to at, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being, at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being seven of such committee then present, to choose another or other proper person or persons, being a manufacturer or manufacturers of combing wool, worried yarn, or goods made from worsted, in his or their place or places, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time hereafter it shall appear to any sixty or more of the manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted, within the said counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, that the said committee for the time being neglect to discharge their duty, to the ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and in case such sixty or more cf such manufacturers, so dissatisfied, shall, in writing under their hands, make complaint thereof to the justices of the peace for the county of Northamptony in any of the general or quarter sessions of the peace, or in any adjournment thereof, tor the aforesaid county, to be held and assembled, then and in

such

Goo

1785-] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40. 117

such case it shall be lawful for such justices, in such sessions assembled, and they are'hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, within the aforesaid counties, and the, f/z? of Ely, at such time and place as such justices shall think proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid, in the Northampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newspapers, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such general meeting shall he held, the same not being less than twenty-one days after such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held; and it shall be lawful for such manufacturers, then present at such general meeting, called and held in manner aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a committee, ccnfifting of the same number of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions as is and are herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the first: committee; and the persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were invested with.

IX And for preventing frauds and abuses for the future by persons employed in the said manufactures ofxombing wool, worftedyarn^ and goods made from worsted, and for the more effectual carrying

this act into execution, be it further enacted, That the justices of Justices to ap the peace for the said counties, and the jjle of Ely respectively, point infpec at their next quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the tors arn said counties, and the said Iste of Ely respectively, or any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the passing of this act:, or in case of no adjournment, then any two justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to licence and appoint such persons of good character and repute, within the aforesaid counties, and the jjle of Ely, as shall be recommended to the said justices by the said committee of manufacturers, in writing under their hands, to be inspectors of worsted yarn within the said counties, and the Iste of Ely.

X And be it further enacted, That the said committee of Committee to manufacturers for the time being shall and may, and they are station infpec hereby authorised to station such inspectors for such districts in tors, and

the said counties, and the Iste of Ely, as the said committee shall! think proper, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said inspectors so appointed, such yearly salaries as the said committee shall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein af ter mentioned to be raised for that and the other purposes of this act, and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of such inspectors, who by sickness, or any other accident,

shall be rendered incapable of serving the said office, or shall rni(behave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the satis factioa of such committee.

I 3. XL And

u 8

inspectors to life diligence in convifting and bringing offenders to justice:

their power.

Directions how worsted yarn shall be reeled.

Bedfordshire,

Huntingdon

shire.

Northampton hire.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.40* [1785.

XI And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors for the time being, so appointed, shall Severally and respectively, in the fevera] districts allotted to them by the said committee, use all due diligence and industry for the convicting and bringing to justice all offenders against this and the said former acts, and glfo shall and do from time to time, and as ofren as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, infpe& the several reels of all and every the spinners of worsted yarn in their several and respective districts within the said counties, and the isle of Ely, and also the hanks of worded yarn, in order to see that the directions herein after laid down for reeling such yarn be complied with; and also shall and do, from time to time, when and as they, or any of them, shall detect any person or persons offending against this, or the said former acts, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before any justice or justices of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, and prosecute such offender or offenders to conviction: and it shall be lawful for every such inspector, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to inspect the yarn in the custody oi any manufacturer or putter out of wool, or of any agent or agents hired or employed by him, or of any spinner of such wool or worsted yarn, within the said counties, and the isle of Ely, and in case any such person shall refuse to show and produce the yarn in his custody, he shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, if a manufacturer or putter out of wool, or an agent or agents, qr person or persons hired or employed to put out wool; and if a spinner pr spinners, then a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as such justice or justices before whom he, (he, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter mentioned.

XII And be it further enacted, That every person or persons employed or undertaking to spin or reel worsted yarn for hire in the said counties, and the Ife of Ely, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reelect, either upon a yard red of thirty-six inches, or a seven quarter reel of six ty three inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches round; and when such worsted yarn shall be so reelect, each and every several hank or fkain of such worsted yarn which shall be so reeled shall consist of or contain such a number of raps or leas, each and every of which raps or leas confiding of or containing eighty threads of such worsted yarn, as is herein after f fpefcified; (that is to say,) the worsted yarn spun in the county of Bedford shall be six or seven leas reeled on the yard reel, and six leas reded on the seven quarter reel, and six leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard reel, according to the custom of that county: the worsted yarn spun in the county of Huntingdon shall be six or seven leas reded upon the yard reel, and six leas reeled on the seven quarter reel, and six leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard red, according to the custom of that county : the worsted yarn spun in the county of Northampton

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.40. 119

shall be six or seven leas to the fkain, reeled on the yard reef,

according to the custom of that county: the worsted yarn spun Leicester

ini the county of Leicester shall be six or seven leas reeled upon

the yard reel, according to the custom of that county: the Rutlandfture.

worsted yarn spun in the county of Rutland shall be six or seven

teas reejed upon the yard reel, according to the custom of that

county: the worsted yarn spun in the county of Lincoln shall be Lincolnshire.

seven leas, reeled upon the yard reel, or two yard reel: and the

worsted yard spun in the isle of Ely shall be seven leas reeled up Isle of Ely.

on the yard reel, and six leas reeled on the seven quarter reel,

and; six leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard reel.

. XIII And be it further enacted, That all persons employed General re to put out wool for spinning, shall confine themselves either to gulations for six or seven lead yarn, but shall by no means put out both ^uqojrj: Qrout from the same place, nor shall any such person or persons take spinning etcf in, or have in his possession at' one or the same time, the wool or yarn belonging to more than one manufacturer; and that every person or persons who shall put out wool, or take in yarn, other wise than as above specified, shall pay forty Shillings, upon conviction of such offence by the oath (or, if the witness be of the people called Quakers solemn affirmation) of one witness, which penalty (hail be paid into the hands of the nearest inspector, and shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice before whom such offender (hail be convicted, for the benefit of the persons interested in the fund herein after directed to be established; and that the said committee may and shall give instructions to the spinners, or agents employed to put out wool for spinning, that every hank or fkain shall be the work of one spinner only; and that if any person shall be suspected of having mixed the work of two or more spinners in one hank, and it shall be made appear before one justice of the peace, by the oath (or, if the inspector is of the people called Quakers, by the solemn affirmation) of the inspector, that in his opinion the suspected hank or hanks is or are of such different degrees of fineness as will be prejudicial to the said manufacturers, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for the said justice to convict the person who shall have delivered in the said hank or hanks of having mixed the same as aforesaid, and such person, for every such hank, shall forfeit the sum of sixpence; and if a pound of yarn, more or less, be wrapped about with a (kain of yarn, it shall be equal in goodness, and contain the same number of leas as the hanks in the pound or pounds are directed to be; and that the leas be divided in manner following; (that is to say,) three double leas and a single lea for the seven leas, 2nd three double leas for the six lead yarn: provided always. That every spinner to whom any wool of yarn shall be put out by any manufacturer, who shall keep the same in his or her custody more than four months before it is wrought or delivered back to such manufacturer, or his agent, shall be deemed guilty of embezzling the same.

XIV And he it further enacted, That if any person or peri

4 * Tonnes,

Host

120

Penalties on safe reeling of worsted yarn,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40. [ 1785.

fons, hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of worsted yarn, or jtx the preparing or working up any of the materials used in the said manufactures, in the said counties, or the isle of Ely, shall reel, or cause to be reelect, or tie up, or cause to be tied up, any worsted yarn, contrary to the directions before specified and laid down for the reeling and tying up such yarn, ' of shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of any wool, or other materials intruded with him, her, or them, to spin, or for other purposes, and shall of all or any of such several offences be lawfully convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, liberty, division, city, town, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of the owner of such yarn or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation as aforesaid of the inspector or inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) or by the confession of the perfoa or persons charged with all or any of such offences, every such per sort shall, for each and every such offence, be subject and liable to the same penalties and puniftiments as are several ly inflicted by the said former acts, so far as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered, and puniftiments inflicted, in the manner directed by the said acts, or any of them, and which said penalties shall be publicly distributed, by the constable of the township, parish, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or inspectors, amongst the poor of such township, parish, or place,

XV Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the subjeding any prosecutor or prosecutors of any offender or offenders againff this, and the said former acts, to any charges or expetices of conveying such offender or offenders to prison; but such charges and expenses shall be paid and born by the constable or other officer conveying such offender or offenders to prison, and such constable or other officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such charges and expenses, in like manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other charges or expenses incurred in his said office,

XVI Provided nevertheless. That no part or share of such penalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders, his, her, or their family or families.

XVII And be it further enacted, That if any agent or person hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, shall have in his or her custody or possession any worsted..........

.......... not reeled according to the directions herein before fpeci

coyef persons fled s*nd laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or

pot

Prosecutors not liable to charges of conveying offenders to prison.

No part of penalties to be giyen to offenders or their fa ini lies. Penalty on agents rest (lug to dif

1785o Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.40. 121

not set forth and give in evidence, before any of his majestyy guilty of false justices of the peace for the county, liberty, division, city, town, reding, or place, wherein such agent or person hall reside, being thereto required, what person or persons. was or were the reeler or reelers of such false or (hort yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the person or persons who reeled or caused to be reeled such false or short yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they, so refilling, or not setting forth, or giving in evidence as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon, the oath of any person or persons, before any such justice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, so false and short reelect, which shall be found in his or her custody; all which penalties, inflicted by this act, dial I be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied by every such person, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the township or place, as the penalties hereinbefore mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVIII And forasmuch as doubts have arisen, whether the goods Goods of and chattels of a husband, whose wife shall offend against the said ^h^wivcs former aftsy are liable to distress and sale for raising the penalties offend, liable thereby created; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and to distress after the passing this act, all such penalties as shall be incurred and sale. by any married woman or married women shall and may be recovered, levied, and raised, by distress and sale of the goods

and chattels of the husband or husbands of such married woman or women so offending against this act, in the manner directed by the said former acts, or any of them.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if Upon the any person who shall be so appointed an inspector of worsted death of in * yarn shall happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from otfierttobe his said office, it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace of appointed, the said counties, or the isle of Ely respectively, in quarter sessions

assembled, or in any adjournment thereof, to licence some other proper person or persons to be an inspector or infpedlors of worsted yarn within the said counties, and the isle of Ely, upon the recommendation of the committee men, or the majority of them, redding in such county, or the Ife of Ely within which the inspector or infpedlors, so dying, removed, or displaced, shall have acted; which said person or persons shall be jnvefted with all the powers, and subject to the like removal, jand liable to the like penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the inspector or infpedlors in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was or were invested with, or subject or liable to.

XX And be it further enacted, That in case any inspector Pumfhment or infpedlors, so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or of inspectors times hereafter take or receive, from any person or persons of fen^e^from feuding against this or the said former acts, any sum or sums of justice.

money,

122

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.40. £1785.

money, or any other thing whatsoever, to screen from justice or other wise to hinder or prevent such person or perfoos* so offending as aforesaid, from being convicted for such offence or offences, and being thereof convicted upon oath (or, if the witness be of the people called Quakers folernn affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, liberty, division, city, town, or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby ipi powered to administer), then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such in fpector or inspectors, so offending, to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in the county, division, liberty, city, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, for the space of one month.

XXI And whereas, by several acfs of parliament made in the tenth and tzvelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and several fnhfequent adsy the collectors of the duties upon soap, by the said acts granted, are directed to pay out of the moneys in their hands, by way of drawback, unto any person or persons who Should employ any quantity f soap in tie making of any manufacture whereof the greatefi part of the value of the materials Should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the famey the duties upon the soap so spent and consumed as aforesaid \ to the end that a sufficient fund may be raised for defraying the expenses in and about obtaining this aci, and for paying the salaries of the inspectors, and clerk or clerks to be appointed under and by virtue and for the purposes of this acty as aforesaid, and all other necessary expenses attending the carrying this act into execution, under the direction of the said committee, be it further enabled. Fund to be That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the eftabhfbed for co]le6tor or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person expenses of or per^ons employed in the collection of the duties on soap the execution within the counties aforesaid, and the said Isle of Ely, and who oftbis act., by the said acts are directed to pay such drawback of the duties on soap to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or per r V Tonnes, is and are hereby required from time to time to deduct

and retain the sum of fourpence out of every shilling, to which any person, being a matter manufacturer of combing woo), worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted, residing within the counties aforesaid, or the 7/7<? of Ely, shall from time to time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, (he, or they shall demand payment under or by virtue of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever, as and for the duties of and for all soap spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of wool, making of worsted yarn, or any kind of goods made from worsted, or preparing the wool for the same, in the said counties, and the Isle of Ely y and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, shall several ly and respectively pay, or £aufe to be paid, into the hands of the treasurer of treasurers

i appointed!

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.40. 123

appointed by the said committee, at their quarterly meeting (demand being made thereof), all and every the sum or sums of money by him, them, or any of them, so deduced, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the purposes of this act, such treasurer or treasurers giving security, to the satisfaction of the said committee, for all sums so received by him or them.

XXII Provided nevertheless. That the drawback of the du Drawback on ties on all soap which shall be spent, employed, or consumed f?apftufe£ m within the said county of Leicester, in preparing and combing mlufactu^ of wool, and making of worsted yarn, used in the flocking inxeicefter weaving manufacture, and in fitting wove stockings for sale, shire exempt shall, upon oath, (or, if the person be of the people called fro*nthede "Quakers, solemn affirmation) being first made, that the soap duc lon* was spent, employed, and consumed in the said flocking weaving manufadory, be entirely exempted from the abovementioned deduction; which oath or affirmation anyjusticeof the

peace is hereby empowered to administer.

XXIII Provided also. That the said committee may and Power to re fshall repay all manufacturers of haroteens that make their own Pa? ™a^uua<> yarn, within the county of Northampton, whose rate of spinning roteen^in^ does not exceed ten fkains dr hanks in a pound on the average, northamp six leas to the hank or fkain on the yard reel, half of the mo tonfliire part ney which shall have by them been paid out of their drawback

on foap/the preceding year, such manufacturers certifying the their°draw same to the said committee oh oath (or, if the person be of the backs, people called gtuaken^ solemn affirmation), which oath or affirmation any justice of the peace is hereby empowered to ad tninifter; but if a manufacturer makes any other sort of goods besides haroteens, or any other sort of yam besides that which is used in the manufacturing of haroteens, he shall be subject to the same drawback, or dedudion, out of his drawback, as any other maker of worsted yarn.

XXIV And be it further enacted. That the said treasurer or The treafur treasurers for the time being shall, - out of the money hereafter ers t0 repay to be received by him or them in manner aforesaid, pay the qfthjga^out charges and expenses of obtaining and passing this act and the of moneys to expenses relative thereto, together with interest for all or any be received, part of such .expenses, the salaries of the inspectors and clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the expenses of all prosecutions in support of this, and the said former acts, and such

other charges and expenses as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufacture, as the said committee, in committee assembled, shall, by writing under their hands, director appoint; and the said treasurer or treasurers is or are also hereby required not to pay any sum or sums of money, to be hereafter received by him or them for the purposes of this act, in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomsoever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, direction, or appointment in writing, under the hands of such. committee for the time being, in committee

assembled

by

The rate of Ad. in the Shilling may be increased or reduced.

Water mill spinning machines not to be subject to the provisions of the act.

Members of the committee within each county, or the Hie of Ely, may ap

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40. [1785.

assembled;; such treasurer or treasurers shall lay their account before the said committee for examination whenever they may require the same, and shall return and transmit to such committee a true and perfect account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his or their hands, or been paid by him or them, from time to time, as often as the said committee shall require the same.

XXV And it is hereby further enacted, That in case, at any time hereafter, the moneys herein before directed and ordered to be paid into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers for the purposes aforesaid, shall, after payment of all and every the charges and expenses herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the sum of two hundred pounds only, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for the said committee, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increasing the aforesaid fourpence per shilling, which the collectors and supervisors of excise are herein before directed to retain in their hands, to any sum not exceeding sixpence in the shilling, as they may think necessary, until the fund shall amount to five hundred pounds; and from time to time, upon like application, reduce the same to threepence, twopence, or one penny, so as the fund in the treasurer or treasurers hands shall not exceed five hundred pounds, nor be reduced to less than two hundred pounds, and so as the same shall not exceed the rate, proportion, or sum of sixpence/w shilling, herein before directed to be deduded and retained as aforesaid.

XXVI And whereas it is found inconvenient to subject certain machines, wherein worsted yarn is spun by means of a water mill, to the entrance of an inspector or infpeftorsbe it therefore enacted, That all such machines shall be exempted from the several provisions of this act, and that no order of any of the aforesaid committees shall have power to extend to the drawback allowed on soap used in the washing of wool to be spun in the said machines : provided that all persons pofifeffed of any such machines who shall also give out wool to be spun by hand, shall cause the wool intended for spinning by hand to be wa(hed in some place or places different and distant from that whereat they shall wall the wool for any such machine, and shall from time to time exhibit to the collectors or supervisors of his majesty's excise, and to the committee aforesaid, if required, a separate account of the wool washed in each place, and intended for each purpose herein mentioned, which account shall be verified upon oath (or, if the owner or owners be of the people called g)uaker$x solemn affirmation) of the owner or owners, condudor or con dudors of such machines, which oath or affirmation any justice of the peace is hereby empowered to administer.

XXVII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of the members of the said committee as shall be appointed for, or reside within any of the said counties respectively, or the said Ife of Ely, or the majority of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered from

time

.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40, 125

time to time, whenever they shall judge necessary, to appoint point addi such number of persons to be additional inspectors within and tionai infpec for their respective counties, or the Ife of Ely (the charges and awe ^ula expenses attending such appointment to be paid and defrayed [tonnes out of the money subscribed or to be subscribed, as herein after mentioned), and also to make such regulations, and do such acts, matters, and things, as they shall think proper for carrying the purposes of this act into execution within, and so far only as relates to their respective counties, or the said Isle of Ely (except the removing of inspectors to be nominated by the find committee); and all such additional inspectors foto be appointed (being approved of by the justices of the peace for such respective counties, or the Ife of Ely, but not otherwise), shall have the same powers and authorities of acting as inspectors within such respective counties, or the Ife of Ely, for or in respect of which they shall be appointed, as are herein before given to the inspectors which shall have been nominated by the said committee in pursuance of this act; and that all such regulations, acts, matters, and things, foto be made as aforesaid,

shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made or done by the said committee, until the next quarterly meeting of the said committee, at which quarterly meeting a report shall be made of such regulations, acts, matters, and things, and the said committee, at such quarterly meeting, shall, and are hereby required to take such report into consideration, and to allow and confirm, or disallow and fet aside, or to vary and alter such report, and the several regulations, acts, matters, and things, therein mentioned, or any part or parts thereof, in such manner as they shall think proper, anything in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the appointment of any additional inspectors, or to any regulation, ad, matter, or thing, to be made by such members of the said committee as shall be appointed for any of the said counties respectively, or the said Ife of Ely, or the majority of them, in respect to the management of the private subscription fund within any such county, or the Ife of Ely, as herein after mentioned.

XXVIII Jnd whereas some persons who are not manufacturers of combing wool, wotfed yarn, and goods made from w orfed, may have; already subscribed', or may hereafter subscribe thorny for encouraging the said manufacture within their respective counties, or within the said isle of Ely, be it therefore enacted, That all mo Application ney which hath been or shall hereafter be subscribed by any.

person or persons, not being a manufacturer or manufacturers persons not as aforesaid, for or towards encouraging the said manufacture beine manu within any of the said counties, or the said Ife of Ely, shall be faefcurers. paid to such personas shall be appointed to receive the same, by such of the members of the said committee as shall be appointed for, or reside within such county, or the said Ife of Ely, and it shall be. lawful for such members of the said committee, so acting for, or residing within such county, or the Ife of Ely, and

they

Justices for southern division of lindtey to act for lincoln ihire.

Form of conviction.

Person?? aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 40,

they are hereby authorised and empowered to apply and dispose of such money in paying and making proper salaries or allowances to any additional inspectors whom they may think fit to appoint as aforesaid, for such county, or the isle of Ely, and for encouraging the said manufacture within such county, or the said isle of Ely, in such manner as they shall, from time to time think proper, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever $ thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIX And whereas the county 0/* Lincoln consists of three several parts or divisions y (videlicet), Lindsey, Holland, and keft even, be it therefore enacted, That the several powers vested in and by this act in the justices of the peace for the respective counties included in this act, shall be construed and taken, as to the said county of Lincoln and the city and county of the city of Lincoln, to be vested in the justices of the peace for the southern division of the parts of Lindsey, within the said county.

XXX And be it further enacted. That the justice cr justices before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the conviction to be made out in manner and form following; (that is to say),

BE it rememberedy That on the day of

in the year of our Lord A. B. is convicted before me [or us] of his

Majeffs justices of the peace for

[specifying the offence, and the place where the same was committed; and also specifying that it was the firjly secondy or third offencey against this afty as the case shall be].

Given under my hand and fealy [or our hands and feals-]y the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, liberty, division, town, or place, where such conviction shall be made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept amongst the records of such county, city; liberty, division, town, or place as Worefaid.

XXXI And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any order, or warrant made by any justice or justices of the peace, or upon any conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to be held for the county, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen days after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal to the person or periods discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the justices at the said quarter sessions either confirm or cfif

annul

G( Ic

127

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 40*

annul the order or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

XXXII Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons Persons ap appealing to such quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid shall pealing to give security, to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices, so^rol'ecut^ to prosecute such appeal with effedf, and to pay the costs which C p

shall be ascertained by the said quarter sessions, in case such

order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said

quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such

appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award ftieh

costs, as to them (hail appear just; which order shall be final Orders to be

and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or re Anal.

movable, by any writ of certiorari, or otherwise, into any of

his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or .elsewhere.

XXXIII Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Proviso

That no order or other proceedings so made or had by or before

any justice or justices of the peace, in relation to the premises,

shall be qua(hed or vacated for want of form only.

XXXIV And be it further enacted, That if any suit or Limitation of action'shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or actions, persons, for anything done in pursuance of this at, every such

suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months,

next after the fat committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

Severally laid, brought, and tried in the county or place wherein

the cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and

the defendant or defendants in every such suit or acftion shall

and may plead the general ifliie, and give this act, and the fpe General ifluc.

cia! matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and

that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the authority

of this at: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such

suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for

bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or

place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant

or defendants; and upon such verditft, or if the plaintiff or

plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their

action after the defendant or defendants dial) have iflpeared, or

if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff

or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover

treble costs, and have the like remedy for the'same as any Treble coft9.

defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases

at Jaw.

XXXV And be it further enabled, That the city and county City of lin of the city of Lincoln shall, for the purposes of this act only, be ^oln tcvbe deemed and taken to be part of the county of Lincoln, and to thecounty. be within Jthe parts of Lindsey, in the said county.

XXXVI And be it further enacted,. That this a<sl shall be Publickact. deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be

judicially

;

128

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 41* [1785.

judicially taken notice of as such,, all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLI

An act to repeal part of an at, passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty ""the relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and other purposes in the said act mentioned; " and for making new provisions for the relief and employment of the poor, for the repairs of the highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other places in the town and parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obstructions, and encroachments therein; for enclosing certain commons or waste lands within the said parish, for the use of the poor; and to enable the vestrymen of the said parish to erett a workhouse thereon; and to purchase land for a burial ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a lane within the said parish called Love Lane.

Act 6 Geo. 3. C ya. recited; so much thereof as relates to the relief and employment of the poor, the repairing the highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other places, in the town and parish of Richmond, and also so much thereof, as provides for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obstructions, and encroachments therein, is repealed. thirty-one vestrymen appointed, together with the minister and churchwardens, and such acting justices as shall reside in the parish of Richmond. Veftryfcnen to meet for the purpose of putting the act in execution, and to bear their own expenses, on notice by five vestrymen. Inhabitants empowered to meet and elect other vestrymen* in case of death, or removal. Vestrymen to occupy aol. per annum Electors, for six months before, to occupy an house charged to the poor at ia 1. per ann. and to pay all arrears before voting. Persons having acted under the act of 6 Geo. 3. to render to the vestrymen a just account of all moneys received, and to pay the same to them, and to deliver books, papers, and writings, upon pain of imprisonment, till composition made with eleven vestrymen. Vestrymen empowered to make bylaws; to be confirmed afterwards at a meeting of thirteen or more Vestrymen to take an oath of office to act impartially, to be administered by five or more vestrymen. Penalty upon vestrymen providing goods, cor being concerned in any contract under this act, 50i. a moiety to the informer, the other to the poor. Persons selling spirituous liquors by retail, not to be vestrymen. Vestrymen to contract with persons (for repairing, etc.) who are most capable of executing their contracts, without the aid of sob contractors; Proceedings of the vestry mento be entered in proper books. No business to be done but at a public meeting. Five vestrymen fofficient to constitute a meeting. Vestry to irieet annually, to appoint a vestry clerk and the officers of the parish. Churchwardens to pay all money they shall receive to the treasurer. side{$nen to be elected annually. Sidefmen not to be vestrymen in right of their office. Vestrymen to elect proper persons to be overseers. Overseers refuiing to act, others to be appointed. Fine for refusal to serve, when chosen as overseer, 101. Vestrymen to appoint a forveyor of the highways, and to give directions for repairing the highways, and other places. IF the forveyor ffiould die, or neglect his duty, another to be appointed. Proper persons to be chosen to collect the rates. Allowance to collectors 3d. in the pound. Collectors to give security, and to deliver in their accounts when required; and in case of failure, may be imprisoned, etc. until the balance paid. A treaforer to be chosen annually, and to give security. Pound rates to be made for the relief of the poor, and for repairing the highways, etc. poor's rate so much as thirteen vestrymen shall judge necessary. Highway rate not to exceed is. 6d. in the pound. Rates to be paid quarterly. Sums assessed to be entered in books. Landlords of ready furnished houses, to pay

the..

t i Anno vicefitiio qulntd (jeorgii ill & 4

the rates of such houses. Vestrymen tq sign the poof rates, and the same to be allowed by justices. Vestrymen may compound with the occupiers or owners of houses tinder iol. per annum. Ajustice may act in his office, although a. veftrymap, .and inhabitants may be wit neffts. Rates to be recovered by distress and sale of goods and chattels. Vestrymen to appoint, what number of watchmen they, think fit, and in case of death, or misbehaviour, to engage others. The watchmen are empowered to apprehend all malefactors and disorderly persons, and to deliver them to the constables, See. Vestrymen to regulate the number Of lamps, and contract for lighting them. Persons breaking lamps to be fined 40s.. and to be imprisoned till paid., Vestrymen to contract for repairing and cleansing. the streets, C and may bring actions against contractors, not fulfilling their, contracts, and recover penalties. No aoies, dirt, - Sec. to be thrown before any dwelling house, or in any pub lick place. Persons who suffer their swine to go at large, or create riui fanbes, to' forfeit 40 k. Owners of waterworks taking up the pavement, to repair the same, and on neglect thereof, the Vestrymen to do fuefr repairs, and recover the expenses by distress. Expenses of watchine, lighting, C to be paid out of the rate. The present workhouse out of repair, and the lease thereo* near expiring. Vestrymen empowered to erect and build a workhouse upon part of the commons to be en cibfed by virtue of this act. Vestrymen empowered to' purchase a burial ground within the parish. Fourteen days notice of meeting for contracts,, to be given, by advertisement, C Property of goods, C for the use of the poor in the workhouse, vested in the vestrymen, who are authorised to prosecute all persons who shall emhezzle any of the said goods, etc. Indictments and actions to be laid and brought in the name of the treasurer. Vestrymen empowered to borrow money, if requisite, not exceeding 30001. Money borrowed, to be paid off, but not more than 5601. at a time, out of the rates. Bonds to be discharged by lot. Securities for money td be entered in a book; and may be aligned. Securities for money already borrowed not to be altered or impeached. Vagrants and persons neglecting or deferring their families; etc. to‘ be apprehended and sent to the workhouse, and to be fet to labour therein, and their earnings to defray the expenses, for support of their families. Vagrants to be sent to the workhouse, and kept to labour. Offenders may be punished by abstinence, and close confinement. Officers employed by the vestry, who shall purloin, etc. to be discharged, and also to forfeit treble the value of the goods embezzled, to be levied by distress and sale of gobds; and for want thereof, may be imprisoned for three, and trot less than one month. Vestrymen to eaufe the poor in the workhouse to be maintained and employed. Money ariiiug from work done there, to be applied in aid of the poor's rate. Persons refufmg to faofk, misbehaving, and not acting confident with the rules of the house, shall be puniflied, by abftinenhe and confinement, at the discretion of the vestrymen, etc. Encouragement for those deserving of the same. Overseers and constables to aid and assist the vestrymen, and obey their warrants, etc. and oh neglect or refusal, pe * tfalty U to be levied by distress. May appeal to the quarter sessions. Oafual poor to be relieved by a person appointed by the Vestry. State and cireamftatices of cafuai poof, fa relieyed, to be laid before the vestrymen, at the next general meeting. Churchwardens, fidefmeny and overseers, to b restrained from relieving the cafuai poor. Churchwardens and fidefmen to visit the workhouse, and report the date there 6f to the vestry. Forfeitures and penalties to be paid to the treasurer, and applied to the purposes of this act. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress or imprisonment, etc. as above. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Two commons, or pieces of waste ground, called the Pefthouse Common, and the Hill Common. Their Majesties willing to grant, and the persons having a right 6f common desirous to enclose the commons. Their Majesties, by writing under their hands, enabled to grant the commons to the vestry. Vestry enabled to enclose the commons. No building to VOL. XXXV & be

*3° Anno vicesimo quinto ge'orgii III C 42. [1785.1

be ere«ted en the hill common. Grant of the commons to be entered on the court rolls. Poor of the parish of Kew to be received into the workhouse to be built at Richmond. Kew poor to be used like Richmond poor. Minister, cof Kew, have power to examine the state of their poor received into the workhouse. His Majesty enabled to shut up Love Lane, from the freehold land of George Ross, esquire, at the south end of the said lane, to the highway leading from kew green to the river side. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Order of sessions to be final. Justices upon appeals may grant relief. Actions commenced in the name of the treasurer shall not abate in case of death, C Informers to be paid, at the discretion of the vestrymen. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. Distresses not to be deemed illegal for want of form, C Plaintiff shall not recover after notice, or after tender of amends. ^ Limitation of actions not till ten days after tender of amends, and within two calendar months. General issue may be pleacted, and the defendant shall have treble colls if he recover, and to be a public aft.

CAP. XLII

An act for vejling in Archibald earl tf/'dundonald, his executorsy administrators, and offtgns, the foie use and property of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, ejfential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falls, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majesty's dominions, for a limited time.

Preamble. TI HEREAS his mo ft excellent majesty King George the His majesty's W Third, by his Utters patent under the great seal of Great ^vantedto^he hearing date at Westminster, the thirtieth day of April

carl of Dun in twenty first year of his reign, did give and grant unto donald. Archibald earl 0/ Dundonald, his executors, adminijlrators, and ajftgns, his especial licence, foie power, privilege, and authority, of making, ufwg, exercising, and vending, within that part of his Majesty s kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town Berwick upon Tweed, his invention of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, ejfential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falls, and cinders, from pit coal, for the term offour teen years, with a proviso, obliging the said Archibald earl dun i donald, by writing under his hand and seal, to cause a particular description of the nature of the said invention to be inroiled in his met jejlfs high court of chancery within four months after the date of the said recited letters patent: and whereas the said Archibald earl of Dundonald did, in purfuahee of the said proviso, cause a particular description of the said invention to be enrolled in the high court of chancery upon the twentieth day of Augustin the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one which description is in the words Specification and form, and Ig the ejfe ft following, that is to say: The method of the method I have invented for the extracting of tar, pitch, essential oils, of extracting volatile alkalies, mineral acids, and salts, and the making of frompit coal c^n(^ers> rom coal consists in admitting the external air to ' have a passage or passages through the vessels or buildings in which the coal, from which any of the above substances are to be distilied, is put, whether by itself, or along with lime stone, flints, iron ore, bricks, or any other substance, by which means the said coals, after being kindled, are enabled, C by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georg It Iil, C 44/ i31

by their own heat, and without the afiiftahee of any other fire to throw off, in distillation or vapour, the tar, oil, alkalies acids, and fairs they contain, into receivers or condensing vessels, communicating with the veflfels or buildings containing the coals, and at the same time of roasting, calcining, or burning any substances that may be mixed with them 5 it appears to me necessary, lest others encroach on my patent, to describe, as above, the principal upon which I ad, in as few words as poftible, and in such a manner as will admit of no ambiguity t therefore, according 10 what is above set forth and declared, persons who shall extract tar, etcetera, from pit coals in vessels or buildings, (it matters not their shape or size)) the coals are made to burn or ignite, without flaming, by a regulated ad million of the external air through .different apertures in the buildings, so as by their own heat to throw off the tar, oils, etcetera, that they may contain; persons who do so, without my permission, are deemed to encroach upon my patent; as the only method used or known until my new discovery, was a diftijlation of coal in close vessels, where the admission of the external air was prevented; and whether other fuel or c9als were required besides the coals contained in the close vessel to produce the heat necessary to pervade the same, and to cause the coals contained therein to throw off the tar, oils, etcetera, that they contained. I do not think it any ways of moment to fubjofa any drawings of the buildings or kilns that may be used according to my new invention for the making of tar, etcetera, because these buildings may be made either square, circular, or oval, as fancy may direct, the art depending upon the management of the air admitted into the kilns, which can only be acquired by experience; and as it is by no means meant to keep the manufacture hid or concealed, those who want to see the practical part will have an opportunity foto do at the different places where the manufacture is to be carried on. Exclusive of the above invention, for which only the patent has been obtained,

I promote the condensation of the less coercible part of the vapour that comes off in distillation, by commixing it with the fleam of boiling water, and complete the condensation by the means of cold water, either in contact with the vapour, or applied externally to the vessels through which it passes; and by an admission of the external air into the condensing vessels when needful, I also cause the vapour to pass through more con denting vessels than one, to separate by that means the different oils and substances, according to the different degrees of cold and moisture requisite to condenfc them; or occasionally I follow the usual and common modes in practice for condensing the vapours thrown off from any substances by the action of heat : And whereas his aid most excellent Majesty, by his other let His majesty's ters patent under the seal appointed by the treaty of union to he letters patent kept and used in Scotland, in place of the great seal formerly ujed ^a^e^tc/the there, bearing date the twenty seventh day 0/ February, in the said farl of twenty first year of his reign, did grant the like licence, power, donald.

>.,, K 2 privilege,

G( Dgle

132 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 42. [1785*

privilege, and authority, *0 the [aid Archibald earl 0/* Dundonald, of making, vjing, exercising, vending his said invention within

that part of his Majeffs kingdom of Great Britain Scotland, yi?r like term of fourteen years, with a proviso, obliging him, writing under his hand and seal, to cause a particular defer

ip t ion of the nature of the said invention to be inroiled in his ma je/ly s chancery in Scotland, within four months after the date of the said recited letters patent; in pursuance of which proviso the said Archibald earl of Dundonald did cause such description to be in rolled in the said chancery of Scotland upon the twenty sixth day of June, in the said year one th oufand seven hundred and eighty one, in the same words and form, and to the same efsect, as that hereinabove mentioned, as inr oiled in the high court of chancery England; and whereas, in the opinion of competent judges who have attended to the said Archibald earl of dundonald's method, and examined and used the tar, pitch, and other extractions, the invention will be attended with, the mof beneficial consequences to the public, the process being simple and easy, and the tar and pitch of a better quality for certain ujes than what is generally made in foreign countries, and particularly useful in preserving Ships bottoms from worms: and whereas the said Archibald earl of Dundonald spent much of his time, and was at a great expense in bringing his said invention to perfection before applying for the patents; and after he had procured them, his circumfances not permitting him to carry on the necessary works without the aid of others, the connexions he formed with that view turned out unfortunately y so that hitherto, and when upwards of four years of the term are elapsed, he has reaped no benefit, but on the contrary, his paternal estate is involved in debt; and he is under engagements, by taking leases of coal mines and other wise, which mujl be ruinous, unless the scheme is prosecuted with vigour by a large advance of money: and whereas the remainder of the Short term of exclusive privilege, granted by the said recited patents, does not afford sufficient encouragement to people otherwise willing to support the said Archibald earl Dundonald; and unless he is supported, the public mujl be. deprived of the benefit of the invention, while the privilege remains with him: to the end, therefore. That the said Archibald earl of Dundonald may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and Complete his said invention, and his properly therein fecund, not only within Great Britain, but in his Majeffs colonies and plantations in North America, so that the public may reap all the advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullefi extent, and the said Archibald earl of Dundonald may obtain an adequate recompense for his labour, time and expencey may it please your most excellent Majesty (at the humble petition and request of the said Archibald earl of Dundonald) that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual. and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Sale privilege That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven of making tar, hundred and eighty-five, the foie privilege and advantage of from'p^coal makhig extracting tar, pitch, eifential oils, volatile alkali, * mineral

Earl of dun donajd been at great expense, and cannot carry on the works without assistance.

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.42. 133

mineral acids, fairs, and cinders, from pit coal, by the method vetted in the 'herein before particularly set forth and described, and of vend ?arl dun ing the same within the kingdom of Great Britain, and year, fronx ° majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, shall be, June 1, 1785. and are hereby declared to be, vetted in the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during the term of twenty years; and that he the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall at any time agree with, and for no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein before mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make --

or extra tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, by the method herein before described, and vend the same within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, in such manner as to him the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall in their discretions seem meet; and that the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of his said invention, for the said term of twenty years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the same for and during, and to the full end and term of twenty years, as aforesaid; and that no other person or persons within the kingdom of Great Britain, or any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in North America, shall, at any time during the said term of twenty years, either diredlv or indirectly, do, make, use, or put in practice the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in any wise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubtradion from the same; whereby to pretend himself or themselves the inventor or inventors, devisor or devifors thereof, without the licence, consent, or agreement of the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, first had and obtained in that behalf, upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted upon such offenders, for their contempt of this act and further, to be answerable to the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occasioned.

II Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That nothing Ad not to in this a contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ^deran prejudice or hinder any person or persons from making or ex person from trading tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, making tar, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, by any method which is not pitch, etc. ths invention of the said Archibald earl of Dundonald) as afore whlch18 notl

K 3 faidj

*34 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 42. [1785.

the invention said; dr which has been publicly used or exercifedby any of the earl of other person or persons, before the time of the date of the said Dundonald. letters patent herein recited; but that all such methods which are npt at present of the said invention of the said Archibald earl of Dundanald, or are not particularly specified in this act, shall be and remain to the public, and to the respective inventors thereof, as if this act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviso - Provided also. That every objection in law, competent against the said patents, shall be competent again ft this act, to all intents and purposes, except so far as relates to the term hereby granted.

Theprivileges IV Provided always. That if the said Archibald earl of dun grated hy donald, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person

this act not or persons who shall, at any time during the said term of twenty ferred^more years have or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, than, hve per fr or to the power, privilege, or authority of the foie use fona/ and benefit of the said invention, shall make any transfer or assignment,

or pretended transfer or assignmenr, of the said liberty or privilege hereby granted, or any share or shares, of the benefit or profits thereof; or shall declare any trust thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five, or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for pub lick subscriptions, to be made by any number of persons exceeding the number of five, in order to the railing any sum or sums of money, under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted; or shall by him dr themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, of any number of persons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes;; shall presume to ad as a corporate body j or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby granted, into any number of shares exceeding the number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any ad, matter, or thing whatsoever, during such time as such person or persons shall have any right, or title, either in law or equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of his late 6geo.i.c.i8. majestyr King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better securing certain pnuers and privileges intended to be granted by his, Majesty, by two charters, for assurance of hips and merchandizes at fed, and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining several 'extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned)y or in case the said power, privilege, of authority, shall at any time become vested in, or in trust for more than the number of five, persons, of their representatives, at any onetime, otnerwife than by devifeor succession, (reckoning executors nd administrators as and for the fingl£ person whom they represent, as to such interest they are or (half be entitled to in right of such their testator or intestate); that then, and in every of the said cases all liberties and advantages whatsoever, hereby granted shall

utterly

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c43. 135

utterly cease, determine, and become void; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Public act. this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public ast; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIIL

An act to repeal the duties on male servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants

Wr H E R E A S by an act, made in the seventeenth year of the Preamble reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting 17 Geo. 3. to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed C 39-in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing feveraj rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the? nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass;; for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, upon air persons and bodies politic and corporate haying certain quantities of silver plate; it was enacted That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall he paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after the rate of twenty-one Billings per annum for every male servant within Great Britain, who Should then have been, or who should afterwards be retained or employed in the several capa cities therein described and enumerated; such yearly sum to be charged on the mafier or mijirefs of every such male servant in manner there in mentioned; and the said duty on male servants was put under the receipt and management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes : and whereas, in the nineteenth year of his majesty*s reign, another act was made, for amending the said act : and whereas by another act, made in the twenty first year of his Majesty*$ reign, entitled, An si Geo. 3. act for the better management and collection of the duties upon C 31 male servants, granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the receipt and management of the said duties upon male servants were transferred from the com mifftonersof the, duties on houses,, s, and lights, to the com mifftofiersof excifcfor England and Scotland respectively; and further provisions were made for better Jecuring the said duties on male servants: and whereas by virtue of an act made in the twenty fe iond year of his Majesty's reign, for granting additional duties orv u Geo. 3, the produce of the several duties under the management of the C commissioners of customs and excise, an additional duty of five poundsr per centum became charged upon the said duty on male fer vantt^md has been ever ftnee collected: now, we y your majesty*s mcjl ‘ K..

Anno vicesimo quinto Georg H'lit. C 43. [1785*

dutiful and loyal subjefis, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembledy thinling it expedient to repeal the said duties on mate servants, mentioned in the said several recited atts respectively, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new duties herein after mentioned upon male and female servants, as well for the purposes for which the said recited duties on male servants were made applicable, as towards, raising the supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent rp^jefiy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Puties on the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou cranted by and even hundred and eighty-five, the duties on male servants,

the recited granted by the said recited as, or any of them, shall cease, deaths,

repealed. fermine, and be no longer paid or payable. **

Not to jiffe# II Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing the recovery herein contained shall be construed to affect the recovery of ar

or arrears. rears of the said repealed duties, which, on the said fifth day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, may retrain unpaid, or the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before the same day.

From July 5, III And be it further enacted and declared, That, from and 1785, the fol after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and to^be pjd^for e'ghty ^ve5 t^lere be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and male servants. fueceffors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by every person who shall retain cu employ any male servant or servants, the several yearly sums following 5 that is to say, :

For one or two, il. 5s. each s

for three or four il. 10s.

each; ...-

five to seven, il. 15s. each: eight to ten, al. each: for eleven, and upwards, 3i. each.

An additional il. 5s. for every male servant retained by unmarried men above i years, of age.

Enumeration of male fer yants so*

For one male servant, the sum of one pound and five shillings:

For two male servants, and not more, the sum of one pound and five Shillings each:

For three, and not more than four male servants, the sum of one pound and ten Shillings each:

For five, and not more than seven male servants, the sum of one pound and fifteen Shillings each:

For eight, and not more than ten male servants, the fpm of two pounds each:

And for eleven male servants, and upwards, the sum of three pounds each:

And every male person, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or employ any male servant or servants, shall pay the annual sum of one pound and five Shillings for each male servant, over and above the duties herein before mentioned

IV Andy in order to ascertain what description of male servants Shall be within the duties herein before granted, be it further enacted, That the said duties granted by this ast shall extend to, and be payable for, every male servant who shall be retained or

employed

1785, ] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL c.43. 137

employed in any of the following capacities; that is to say, whom the maitre d'hotel, house steward, master of the horse, groom of duties shall be the chamber, valet de chamber, butler, under butler, clerk of Paid the kitchen, confectioner, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coacliman, groom, postiilion, stable boy, and the respective helpers in the (tables of such coacliman, groom, or postiilion, gardener not being a day labourer, park keeper, gamekeeper, huntsman or whipper in, waiters in taverns, coffeehouses, inns, alehouses, or any other houses licensed to sell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail (other than occasional waiters), or by whatsoever name or names, male servants really siting m any of the said capacities shall be calied, or whether such male servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said capacities or in any other

business jointly with one or more of the same.

V And bent further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Duties to be day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there Pa, d so^.

: shall also be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^ta5fier* throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by every person who (ham retain or employ any female servant or servants, the rates and duties following; that is to say.

Every person who shall retain or employ any one female fer For one, vant, and not more, shall, for such female servant, pay annually as, 6d. : the sum of two Shillings and sixpence:

Every person who shall retain or employ two female servants, for two, 58. and not more, shall, for each of them, pay annually the sum of each: five Shillings 2

Every person who shall retain or employ three or more fe for three, or male servants, shall, for each of them, pay annually the sum of more>i0s* ten Shillings: each:

And every male person of the age of twenty-one years, and and maleper upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or em f°ns unmarri ploy any one female servant, and not more, shall, for such fe rosa XC male servant, pay annually the sum of two Shillings and six to pay an^ad pence, over and above the duty for one female servant herein ditionalas.6d* before mentioned: for one fer

And every male person of the age of twenty-one years and van^ch upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or em tw^fervants ploy two female servants, and not more, shall, for each of them, pay annually the sum of five Shillings, over and above the duty pf five Shillings each for two female servants, herein before mentioned:

* And every male person of the age of twenty-one years, and and 10s. each, upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or em for thfree or ploy three or more female servants, shall, for each of them, pay more crvants* annually the sum of ten Shillings, over and above the duty of

ten Shillings each for three or more female servants, herein be fore mentioned

VI Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the

t

13 8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 43. [1785.

Not to extend duties granted by this act shall not extend to any male or fe o servants male servant who shall be retained or employed bona side for the employed in purp0fes of husbandry, farmers, dairy, or manufacture, or of can Ty* any trace or cal^ng (other than waiters, as aforesaid) by which the matter or mistress of such servant shall earn a livelihood of

Duties for coaclimen, grooms, etc. lee out to hire, by whom to be paid.

Duties to be paid for apprentices employed in any of the capacities before mentioned.

Exception,

Not to extend to butlers, etc. in the universities;

nor to the servants of the foyal family;

nor the royal hospitals, etc.

Cne servant of any officer under the rank of a. field officer, etc. not liable to the duties.

profit.

VII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the duty hereby granted for every coacliman, groom, postiilion, or helper, let out to hire by way of job, shall be paid by the matter or mistress, for whole use and in whose service such coacliman, groom, postiilion, or helper, shall be employed respectively $ the duty hereby granted for every gardener, retain$d#or employed by any pfcrfon or persons who shall contract for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the perfoiv or persons for whose use and in whose garden such gardener shall be employed,

VIII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to exempt any person or persons from the payment of any of the duties granted by this act, in respect of any servant retained or employed in any of the capacities aforesaid, on account or under pretence that such servant is or shall be bound as an apprentice to such person or persons; save and except such apprentices as are or mall be itnpofed upon any matter or mistress, under and by virtue of the powers given to magistrates and parish officers by any aett of parliament, so as the number of such apprentices, so imposed upon any matter or mistress, does not exceed two : provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt any such apprentice or apprentices who is or are employed as livery servants.

IX Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this actor anything herein contained, shall not extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, the butler or butlers, manciple, cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, or porter or porters, of any college or hall within either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the universities of Edinburgh, 'Glasgow, Aberdeen, or Saint Andrew's, in Scotland, or of the several colleges of jvejlminster, Eaton, or Winchejler\ or the servants of his majesty, or any of the royal family; ofrof any ambassador or foreign minister residing in the kingdom of Great Britain.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, any of the royal hospitals of Chrifi, Saint bar tholomew. Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the city of London, and borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling hofyitix.

XI And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any officer serving in any regiment of horse or dragoons, under the rank, .or not receiving the pay of a field officer, provided he retains no more than one servant; nor any officer serving in any regiment of - artillery,

infantry

Goo

17s5.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 43.

infantry, or marines, or corps of engineers, for any servant who is actually a soldier in the regiment or company to which such officer shall belong; nor any officer in his majesty's navy, under the rank of a matter and commander in actual employ, for any servant who is born upon the books of the ship to which such officer shall belong.

XII And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Officers difa officer on half pay from his majesty's navy, army, or marines, else who have been disabled by loss of a limb, or wound received ^cc^and oit in his majesty's service, shall be charged for the duty on male half pay, not fervantsfor one male servant only, under the authority of this liable to the af shall and may be lawful for the acting commissioners for duties for one any district in England, or the commissioners of supply in Scat lervau : land, on an appeal made to them by such officer, and proof on

oath made that he is an officer on half pay, and disabled as aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against such officer.

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That every person Clause in fa who shall have living in their houses two or more lawful crhil fonshlvinl* dren or grand children, under the age of fourteen years, shall, y^ung^hil? in respect of every two such lawful children or grand children, dren or graad be exempted from the payment of the duties by this act imposed children,

for one female servant; that is to say, if any person, having two such lawful children or grand children, shall have one female servant, and not more, he or she shall be wholly exempted from the duty hereby imposed; if any person, having four such lawful children or grand children, shall have two female servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one female servant, at the same rate as if he or she retained only one female servant, and no more; and foin proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner herein before provided, for every two such children or grand children.

XIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Female fer this act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any vants above, matter or mistress to the payment of any of the duties imposed or under, cer by this act for any female servant who shall be retained by him [^bie tosthe° or her, where it mail be made appear, by an extract from the duties, register of the births kept in the parish, properly authenticated,

where such servant was born, that at the time of making the assessment (he shall be under the age of fourteen years, or above the age of sixty years.

XV And be it further enacted, That the duties charged by Duties to be this act shall be affelted, raised, levied, collected, and received collected by by such persons, and shall be paid into the receipt of his Ma

jetty's exchequer, in such and the like form and manner, and the exche 0*0 with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and quer under disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and direc such penal tions, as are prescribed or appointed for aflefling, railing, levy tie as ing, collecting, receivings and paying the duties on houses and g ttep dutk%; - windows

on hottfes and windows, by two acts of ac Geo. 2.

C 3,

C 4»;

at Geo. 1. C 10;

a6 Geo. a. C 17 j

31 Geo. a. C 22;

% Geo. 3.

C

$ Geo. 3.

C 38;

19 Geo. 3, C 595

24 Geo. 3. C 38.

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 43. [1785#

windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights;

for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, flr lights; for raiftng the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty sever al rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, entitled, An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act, passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, 66 An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; for granting to his majesty other rates duties upon houses, windows, or lights \ and for raiftng the sum 0} four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or dutiesand by an act, tnade in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions and upon houses, and upon windows or lights; and for raiftng the sum offive millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates or duties upon windows or lights; and by an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and by another act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act 5 and also for amending so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all fetvants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee y and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon; or in or by any of the said acts; and all the powers, authorities, rules and directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, now in force, contained in the said acts, relative to the duties on houses and windows or lights, for aflefiing, rgising, levying, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full foree, and be duly observed, practised and put in

execution

&

m

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.43. 141

execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for assessing, raising, levying, coliefling, and paying the duties hereby placed under the management of the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as fully and effeflually, to all intents and purposes, so far as such provisions shall be applicable to the said duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this act.

XVI And be it further enacted. That for assessing, levying, commission collefling, and paying the duties charged by this act, the comers of the

>. missioner authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter afore™*: n". authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the said acts onhouse1^* relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, shall C to put be commissioners for executing this present act, and the powers this act in therein contained, in all and Angular the counties, shires, flew execution, artries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and * places respectively, within Great Britain; and such commit first meet fioners, for the speedy execution of this act, shall, in the rec fpeflive counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed commissioners, meet for the first time on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and afterwards shall in like manner meet yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said commissioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth day of April; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate diftrifls, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collefling the duties granted by this act, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, with respect to the duties thereby imposed, except so far as an alteration is made by this act.

XVII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if, Commifllon

by any negligence or default, there shall not have been a meeters, on default ing of the said commissioners for executing this act, within or QI?

at the times, or according to the manner hereby prescribed, the above^men ' said commissioners, or any two pr more of them, in the respec tioned, may tiye counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, meet after cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein warc*s? et such default shall have happened, may and shall meet at any

other time or times, as soon as may be after the time or times so prescribed, in order to execute the powers of this act, so as, that the said duties charged by this act may be duly gnd effect tually assessed, .raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, notwithstanding any such default or defect as j( aforesaid.

XVIII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Oaths to be ‘ person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution taken by

of this act, (except in administering the oath herein after expressed) until he shall have taken the several oaths requisite to €r3% qualify him for afling as a commissioner of the several duties % * charged on hoqfes, and windows pr lights, by any of the acts i * herein

'

1, *

'-., i - '.

4 I:

if

144

New oath.

Penalty on a6ung before taking the oaths.

The first af feflraent for three, quarters of a year.

.Duties to be paid quarterly.

Clause relative to persons who have paid the old duties in advance

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.43. [1785.

herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following oath *, that is to say,

IA. B. doswear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Thirds to repeal the duties on male Servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants; and that I will determine upon all appeals which hall be brought before mei under the said afty according to the befi of my kill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the commissioners in the county, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall a as a commissioner for the execution of this a6v, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid,, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX And be it further enacted. That the first assessment of the duties charged by this act* shall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the assessment of the duties charged by this act shall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

XX And be it further enacted, That the said duties charged by this act shall be paid at the times and in the proportions following, (that is to say), quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftobery in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said quarterly payments to be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

XXI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all persons who, previously to the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall have already paid the said repealed duties on male servants for any part of the said three quarters for which the first assessment on male servants' under this act is hereby directed to be made, or their respective executors or administraiors, shall, after paying the said first assessment, have a right to receive back from the commissioners ' of excise, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any money which shall have been paid into, or be in their hands, such a proportion of the repealed duties on male servants, so already paid to the said commissioners of excise or theif Officers, as shall be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties, in respect of such male servants, for the said three quarters on the said first assessment, or for any part thereof; for which purpose the said commissioners of excise are hereby required to make such orders, in respect to the time and tnanner of such repayment) as to them shall appear bed calculated

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.43. 14^

lated to effedtuate the intention of this act, and to prevent a charge of double duties for male servants on any person: provided always. That no person shall be entitled to receive back from the comm i (Turners of excise, or their officers, under the provision aforesaid, any sum in respect of such repealed duties on male servants, for any portion of the said three quarters, less than a full quarter of a year.

XXII And, for more effectually levying and collecting the

said duties granted by this act, be it further enacted, That if If affeflbrs^ there shall be a neglect of appointment of affeflbrs of the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or if the affeflbrs ap veyors^ete. pointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act, then, may perform and in every such case, it shall be lawful to and for the surveyor the same, or surveyors, or infpedtor or infpedtors, appointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, to do and perform such and the like services as, by the said acts or any of them, are required from such affeflbrs.

XXIII And be it further enacted, That every person soap Oaths to bg pointed or to be appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor by or infpedtor hereby authorised to act as an assessor, shall, before asse*f°r8v he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besides the oaths or affirmations required to be

taken by affeflbrs by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called ghiakers, make and fubfqribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form;

I A. B. do swear, [or affirm, as the case may require], That New oath, in the ajjeffment which I am required to male by authority of an ' act made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Thirds to repeal the duties on male servants; and for charging new duties upon male and female servants; 1 willaff according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commissioners in the county, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where e assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person so appointed, or to be ap Penalty on pointed, or hereby authorised to act as assessor, shall presume actingbeforg to act in the execution of the said office or employment, before?

he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case shall be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIV And be it further enacted. That the said commis Notice to be fioners for executing this act shall, in the precepts to be from 8lven the time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes the^ppoint * replaces within their respective districts or divisions, naming ment of whom they shall think fit to be affeflbrs under the said acts, re feffors, lative 19 the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or

any

_

144 Anno vi&griio cjulnto Ge'orgii III c.43. [17$$.

any of them, cause notice to be insert^d^ that such person are also appointed assessors of the duties granted by this act,

Assessors to XXV And be it further enacted, That such persons to be wkin^to6 *** appolnte^ assessors as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen days after Rafters tete. l^eir appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to produce ' to or for every person keeping any male or female servant liable lists of their to the duties granted by this a, within the limits of the places. fervai\ts for which such assessors are to act, at his or her dwelling house, theirdiftrict" to prepare or produce, ' within fourteen days next ensuing the etc * of giving such notice, separate lists in writing of his or her

male and female servants retained or employed within such limits, every such list to describe the christian name and farname of each servant, and the capacity in which each shall have been retained or employed and to contain the greatest number of servants, male and female, which such person shall have retained of employed at any one time in the course of the year ending the fifth day of April preceding such notice; arnd every such person shall, after such notice so given or left, make out the said lists and sign the same with his or her own name, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such aflef for or assessors * are hereby required and d irected to call for How assessor the same: and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to make to proceed, in oat, sign, and deliver such lists as aforesaid, within the time negletno de ^e^ore'men^oned> then such assessof or assessors shall, from the liver such best information he or they can obtain, ' make an assessment lists. upon such person so neglecting or refuting, for and in respect

of the number of male and female servants, liable to the duties granted by this act, so kept by him or her; and every such assessment so made upon any such neglect of refusal Avail be final and conclusive upon the person thereby charged, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her dwelling house at the time of the delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such list as aforesaid to the assessorj of unless such person shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered his or her list, as the commissioners sot executing this act shall in their judgement think reasonabte and sufficient.

Lists to con XXVI Provided always, and be it further enacted. That eft^umber^f refpe<^*ve which shall be delivered, in the manner servants em herein before mentioned, by order of the said commissioners, ployed during on the first assessment to be made by virtue of this act* shall con the time to tain the greatest number of male and female servants as afore which they said, which the persons from whom such lists are herein before teate. required shall respectively have at any time kept between the tenth day of Ottober> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Commission XXVII And, to the end that no person may pay for his or ers, on appli* her servants in more parishes or districts than one within the jj?c same year, be it further enacted That if any person, having 5 * been

(jock^ic

1785.] Anno vicefiam quinto georgii III c.43. 145

been assessed under this act in one parish or district for his or to perform her fervanrs within the same, shall be again assessed in another who have parish or diftridi, for or in respect of such servants - any of them; in every such case, the commissioners for the execution places' for of this act, within such latter parish or districts, or the majority the lame of the said commissioners present, at any application for the servants. purpose, may and are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, on proof given before them that such person has paid the said duties, for or in respect of such servants, in another place, and in what place specifically, or. hath been assessed for the same; which proof shall be made, as to the fact of payment, by producing a receipt ffgned by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or,, in default thereof, by other reasonable evidence to the fatisection of the said commissioners for the execution of this act, cr the majority of them, before whom such evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid proof, as to the fact of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of tffe assessment ffgned by two or more commissioners of the district for which such assessment shall have been made, (which copy or certificate the clerk then attending the said commissioners shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the same), or, in default of such qopy or certificate, then such proof shall be made by other evidence, to the satisfaction of the commissioners present, or the majority of them.

XXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That claufere*atwe every person who shall be called upon by virtue of this act to ^^patfor give such lists as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in ^vantfin such lists, at the same time make a declaration,, signed by him different pa or her, of the number of. servants respectively he or she shall rifhea. mean, to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular

parithes or parish, or districts or district, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other servants respectively, so as that every such list or declaration shall contain the whole number of servants retained by such master or mi ft refs within the kingdom of. Great Britain, in order to their being charged according to the several rates prescribed by this a (ft, in proportion to the greatest number retained in the whole; and the said assessors shall enter the list or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver the said list or declaration to the surveyor for each parish or district, in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

XXIX And be it further enacted, That such assessors as In case the lists

aforesaid shall not be bound by such lists as shall be delivered delivered to

to them respectively, in pursuance of this act; but shall, be at a

V t, e K /,,., r shall be found

liberty, if they Inal! find, upon due examination, that any fer deficient/her

: vant or fervanrs is or are omitted in such lists, to surcharge the may lure barge

same, and make a true assessment upon every person keeping the same.

such servants within their respective districts, of the real nuto,

, XXXV L ber

1^6 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.43. [1785.

ber of servants retaihed or employed by each such person, di ftinguiftiing every such servant in manner herein before directed. Assessors to XXX And be it further enacted, That such assessors as thellj. aforesaid shall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing the commlflh their assessments of the said duties granted by this act, within oners within the limits for which they are respectively to ad as aforesaid, un 3 months to the said commissioners, for the execution of this act, or any after their two or more of them, within the space of three calendar months Commission 4 next ater time of their being appointed assessors; and the erstoggnthe said commissioners, to whom such assessments shall be so defame, and ap livered, or any two of them, shall, within the space of one ca point coilec Jendar month next after the receipt of the same respectively, ors, etc. or a |oon after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or furcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors as aforesaid, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons, named or presented in each of such assessments, to be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said commissioners for the execution of this act, or any two or more of them, shall think able and responsible for the respective divisions and places for which collectors shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, so by the said commissioners allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors under the before mentioned acts may infped the list before they are signed, and amend them.

If surveyors discover any omissions after the lists are signed, they are to certify the same to the commissioners, etc.

XXXI And be it further enacted, That all and every surveyor and surveyors, and inspector and inspectors, appointed and to be appointed under and by virtue of the said several acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and authorised to infped and examine any list, or lists to be made out and signed by any such per(bn retaining or employing any such male or female servant or servants aforesaid, or any assessment or assessments for any parish or place, before the commissioners for the execution of this act shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such list or lists, or assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing; and every person in whose custody any such lists or assessments shall be, shall, and he is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, shall, after any such list or lists, and assessment or assessments, shall be so respectively made out, and signed and allowed as aforesaid, find and discover upon his or their surveyor examination, that any person who ought to be charged with the duties granted by this act, or any of them, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or in ^ i fpedors.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 43. 147

fpeclors, shall certify the same in writing under his or their Hand or hands, according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more okthe said commissioners for the execution of this act, in order to have such omission or underrate rectified in the said assessments; and such commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXXII And whereas some persons, liable to the duties granted

by this amay negiefl to deliver such lists and declarations as are herein before required be it further enacted, That where any Penalty on person liable, under the directions herein before contained, to to

deliver such lists or declaration as aforesaid to the assessors, shall anctdeclara refuse or neglect, within the time herein before ptescribed, to tions. deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such list or lists, or declaration, to such affeflor or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds *

XXXIII Andy to the end that persons keeping servants liable to -" ^

the duties granted by this a fly or any of them may delivery or cause Matters to be to be deliveredy to the affefjor or assessorsy true lists and declarations doubly rated of their respective fervantsy be it further enacted. That in all ler-

cases where any assessor, or surveyor or inipector, shall make a omit in their surcharge upon any person for or in respect of his or her servant lists.

or servants, omitted to be inserted in any such list or decjara One half of tion as aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after the rate of which {ur- double the duty of the servant so omitted; and the assessor or flowedthec surveyor so making such surcharge shall be, and he is hereby in assessor or titled to, and shall have and receive for his own use, one moi surveyor ety of the sum charged by every surcharge which shall be justly ™allins the made upon any such list or declaration. ame*

XXXIV And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in discovering lodgers or inmates in any house 3 liable to pay the duties granted by this afl\ be it therefore enacted. That the inhabitant Inhabitant householder of any house, in which there shall be any lodger or househoidera inmate, keeping any servant or servants liable to the said duties foyers * by this act, or any of them, shall, within a week after wfc0 cp,

, requifitiqn, by notice in writing left at any such house, from servants, or by any assessor, surveyor, or inspector of the said duties on servants, deliver to, or leave for, such assessor, surveyor, or inspector, a lilt, in writing, of every lodger or inmate in such,, who shall, at the time of delivering or leaving such notice, retain or employ any servant liable to the said duties granted by this act, or any of them, or shall have retained or employed any such servant or servants From the tenth day of Oflobery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on the'first assessment under this ai; and from the fifth day of April in in each preceding year, on e ery future assessinent; which list containing shall express the christian and surname of every such lodger or the names of inmate, and also of every such servant or servants, to the bed thepartle*; of the knowledge or information of such inhabitant houe Gn penalty of holder: and if any inhabitant householder shall refuse or negiedt I y

L 2 to

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 43. [17s5

to deliver any such list as last herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit or miirepresent any description which ought to be contained therein he or she so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds.

— -- -- 7 -- -- -- -- I -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -.

Persons over XXXV And be it further enacsted, That if any person or rated may ap persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively commuiion overcharged or overrated by any assessments, charge, or lur >

charge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said commissioners for the execution of this at; and the: said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine ali such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said commissioners that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her list or lists, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient cause, to the fatisfaeftion of the commissioners, in man

Appellantto ^ner for such omission herein before mentioned; provided that, deliver, on at the time of hearing the same appeal, a list or lists shall be

of the*1 reateft pro^ucec^' by or on Part f the appellant, upon his or her number of CU oat f the greatest number of servants, liable to the aforesaid servants em duties granted by this al, of such appellant, within the district ploved, etc. or limits of the place where such appeal shall be made, kept by

him or her at any time between the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with respect to the space of time which shall have elapsed between the said tenth day of osiober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and. the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or with respect to any future year, the greatest number of such servants which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every such year, with such description and explanation, and also such list or declaration as to other districts, as is herein before required; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined, for the first assessment, on such days as the said commissioners for the execution of this act, or any two or more of them, shall appoint, and afterwards on the days to be appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned with refpedfc to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

Commission XXXVI And be it further enacted, That the said comers not to miftioners for the execution of this adh or any of them, shall rnsfct* anv 7 / *

abatement in not, upon hearing any appeal, make any abatement or de

the charge, falcation in the charge or surcharge made upon any person by etc. unless it such assessment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such fur o^oa^tha't veyor or furyeyors as aforesaid, but the same Shall stand good the appellant anc remain Part f the annual assessment, unless it shall then is overrated, appear to the said commissioners, by examination upon oath. Ten da s no t^lat person s overrated in and by such assessments or fur ticeto be given charge; and every person intending to appeal to the said com pf appeal. missioner shall, and is hereby required to give at the least: ten

days

by

1785.3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 45.

days notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to. one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein such person is fated, of such intention to appeal: and such surveyor or inspector and assessors may then and there attend to justify the said aflefivnent and surcharge; and such surveyor, .inspector, and afleflor, and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present: during all the time of hearing such refpe^ive appeals, and the determination of the said commissioners on the same: and the said commission commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered upon every ^^in^rtain such appeal, although they shall confirm the surcharge df such rer^it the^pe assessors, or surveyor or inspector, upon application of such ap unity before pellant as aforesaid, to remit and strike off the penalty herein directed to be before directed to be paid to such afleflor, surveyor, or infpec pt the tor, surcharging such list, if they shall be of opinion that there a C ov> etc was any doubt .whether the servant so furchanred was rateable within the meaning of this act, and was wilfully omitted by such appellant out of such list or lists, or declaration as aforesaid.

XXXVII Provided always, and be it further enacsted, That pena'ty on if, on such examination on the hearing of such appeal, it shall

appear to the said commissioners for the execution of this act, faife^fur 118 * that such surcharge was falsely and vexatioufly made; then, and charge, in such case, such surveyor, or afleflor or inspector so surcharging, (half forfeit and incur such penalties and punishment as, ity and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, or inspectors or assessors, for neglect of duty.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted, That all appeals, determina once heard and determined by the said commissioners of this tion of comad, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them ^n^je#rsto then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing w 9

of appeals, shall be final, except as herein afcer excepted. except, etc.

XXXIX And be it further enacted, That if either the said Persons dicta surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing, in that part tisffed may, of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon ^^afto^the Tweedy shall apprehend the determination made by. the said court of * commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of king's bench; ttys ad, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied

with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or inspector, or person so appealing fespectively, V to require the said commissioners for the execution of this act to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the jttftices of .the court of king's bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so trans

L 3; mitred,

,. by

and in Scotland, to the court of session, etc.

Proviso, relative to cases transmitted to the judges.

Moneys arising from thi<? act to be paid into the exchequer, and entered iepa rate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Penalties ex ceeding aol.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 43. [1785.

mitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of the appeal shall be altered or confirmed : and if either the said surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the said commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said commissioners are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said commissioners for the execution of this act shall stand, with respect to the payments which shall! become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, ' upon such case.

XLI And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duties granted by this act, and paid into the4aid receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and all moneys so paid into the said receipt under this act, shall be appropriated in manner following; (thgt is to say), the annual sum of fifty-one thousand pounds, part of the duties arising by this act, shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund as is directed by the said recited act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, in respect to the duties on male servants thereby granted; and the remainder of the duties granted by this act, shall be a fund for the payment of the annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, viclu* ailing, and trarifport hills, and ordnance debentures.)

XLII And be it further enacted, That every penalty or forfeiture which shall be incurred under this act of a greater sum

than

1785.i Anno vicefirho quinto Georgii III C 43. tgt

than twenty pounds, shall be recovered in any of his majesty's where to be courts of record at Westminster, if the matter shall arise within recovered. England or Wales ^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the court of session, court of justiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XLIII And be it further enacted, That, in all cases where Penalties not the penalty by this at imposed doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more

recoverable before two

justices of the peace of the county, riding, hire, stewartry, di justices; vision, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of every such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment at(? shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and ^

chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of such county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding .six months, nor less than one month, as such justices Jhali think most proper.

XLIV And be it further enacted. That all constables and Constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers, ?tc\tobe a, <** shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respecfively this^cu aiding and assisting in the execution of this as, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf by the refpe^live commissioners hereby appointed,, or any three or more of them.

XLV And be it further enabled, That all actions, suits, or Limitation of informations, for any offence against this act, shall be brought actions, within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the Jpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict (hail pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble colls, them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

General issue.

Preamble;

From July 5,

1785, no policy of infur ance'on ships or goods to be made, without irj ferting therein the names of the per tonnes interested, or of their a genls.

CAP. XLIV

An act for regulating insurances on Ships, and on goods, merchandizes or effects.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the making or effecting insurances on Ships or vessels, and on goods, merchandizes, and effects in blank, and without specifying therein the name or names of any person or persons for whose use and benefit, or on whose account, such insurances are made or effected, hath been, in many respects, mischievous, and productive of great inconveniences; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[From July 5, 1785, no policy of insurance on ships or goods to be made, without inserting therein the names of the persons interested, or of their agents.]

That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons, who shall live or reside in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made any policy or policies of assurance upon his, her, or their interest in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or on any goods, merchandizes, effects, or other property, without inserting in such policy or policies, his, her, or their own name or names, as the person or persons interested therein, or the name or names of the person or persons who shall effect the same, as the agent or agents of the person or persons so really interested therein, or for whose use or benefit, or on whose account, such policy or policies is or are so made or underwrote; and that it shall not be lawful, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for any person or persons who shall not live or reside in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made any policy or policies of assurance upon his, her, or their interest in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or on any goods, merchandizes, effects, or other property, without inserting in such policy or policies the name or names of the agent or agents of the person or persons so really interested therein, or for whose use or benefit, or on whose account,

[Policies made contrary hereto, shall be void.]

the same is or are so made or underwrote; and that every policy or policies of assurance, made or underwrote contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XLV

An act for reducing the time for the imprisonment of debtors committed to prison, upon prosecutions in courts of conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court; and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of such imprisonment.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by various acts of parliament now in force, and made to establish or regulate courts for the recovery of small debts, particularly in the city of London, the county of Middlesex,

-+-

the city, and liberty of Westminster, the towegghamlets, and within the town and borough of Southwark, thermno uniform * time limited for the duration of the imprisonment of We defendant or debtor, against whom an execution, process of contempt, or precept in the nature of an execution, is ijfusd for nonpayment of such debts, and cofis, sum or sums of ' money, as by the order or orders of such courts, such debtor or defendant is ordered or dire died to pay, but such debtors or defendants are by such atts of parliament to be committed to prison, there to remain for an indefinite length of time, until he, she, or they, Shall perform the order of the court or com mijfioners in that behalf, so that it frequently happens that a poor person who is not of ability t6 pay a debt of or under forty Billings, is imprisoned for many months, and sometimes for years, without a po]fibiliiyt of being discharged: and whereas it often happens that poor persons who. are committed to prison by virtue of, and in pursuance of the said atts of parliament, for a trifling debt, are kept in custody, after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such debt, for gaol fees, notwithstanding it does not appear by the table of fees in such atts of parliament, that any gaol fees whatever are to be,, taken dr paid: for remedy whereof, be it enacfted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confeht of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same That, From June from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand ^4, 1785* seven hundred and eighty-five, no person or persons whomfo mitted\o°pri ever, being a debtor or defendant, and who have been, or shall son by courts" be committed, to any gaol or prison, by order of any court, or of conference commissioners authorised by virtue of any actor acts of parlia in London, ment, to constitute or regulate any court or courts for the re covery of final! debts in the city of London, in the county of debt of 20s. Middlesex, and town and borough of Southwark, in the county or under, not of Surrey, where the debt does not exceed twenty Shillings, shall to he confin be kept or continued in custody, on any pretence whatsoever, more than twenty days from the time of his, her, or their notexce'eding commitment to prison: and where the debt does not amount 40s. for more to, dr exceed the sum of forty Shillings, more than forty than 40 days, days from the time of his, her, or their commitment as aforesaid 5 and all gaolers, keepers, or turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such persons accordingly.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Such prison that when the time shall expire for which such person or per ers to be dif fons respectively shall have been committed dr sent to any gaol charged wither prison as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall im gaohees0/ mediately be discharged and fet at liberty without paying any sum or sums of money, see or sees, or other reward or gratuity whatsoever, to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of such gaol or prison, or others, by way of gaol, sees, or discharge sees, or otherwise, on any pretence whatsoever; arid every gaoler, Penalty on keeper, or turnkey, of any such gaol or prison or others, de gaolers, etc, manding, taking, or receiving any fee or sees, sum or sums of £eee" andias money whatsoever, upon the discharge of any such person or

persons

Two justices may determine offences against this act.

Penalties may be levied by distress,

or the offender committed.

Application of forfeitures.

Complaints of offences to be made within two months.

Process not to issue against both body and goods of the same party.

Qualification of commissioners for executing the aforesaid acts.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.45. [1785.

persons foto b committed to his custody a aforesaid, or keeping or detainmjg any such person or persons prisoner or prisoners, after the time for which he, (he, or they, shall be committed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two justices of the peace where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act; which said two justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made before them of such offence having been committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the voluntary confession of the party, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out their warrant under their hand and seal for levying the said penalty of five pounds so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any;) and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of two months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IV And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first dedudted) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the support and maintenance of the poor of the parish in which the offence was committed, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

V Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be liable to be convicted before any justices of the peace for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint or information shall be made or exhibited againstiuch person or persons within two calendar months after such offence committed.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be

lawful for any such court or commissioners to issue any process against the body or bodies of any person or persons, where the party entitled to the benefit of any order, judgement, or decree, shall, at the same time, have obtained any warrant or process against the goods and chattels of the same person or persons *

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of the several acts herein before mentioned, unless such person shall be a householder within the district.

1785.] Anno Vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 46. 155

strict, city, liberty, or place, for which he shall act, arid shall

be possessed of a real estate of the annual value of twenty

pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of five hundred

pounds: and if any person, not being so qualified, shall pre Penalty on

fume to aft as a commissioner in the execution of any of the a&ingnotbe

said acts, such person so acting shall forfeit and pay the sum of no qualified.

twenty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the

same; to>be recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record

at Westminster, with full costs of salt, by action of debt, or on

the case, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the

person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid,

or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, upon proof being given

of his having acted as a commissioner in the execution of any

of the said acts 5 provided such action or suit be commenced

within six calendar months next after the offence committed.

VIII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Public act. deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVI

An act for the more effectual transportation of felons, and other offenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parlia Preamble.

went, entitled, An act for the cffedtual transportation of Recital of 44 felons, and other offenders; and to authorise the removal of Geo.3.c.560 prisoners in certain cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned : and whereas the said act does not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotlandbut it is expedient that his Majesty he empowered, with the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain places, as well out of his Majesty's dominions as within the same, to which criminals, when condemned to transportation in that part of the kingdom, may be conveyed; and that other regulations be made for the more effectual transportation of such offenders there: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the p^fonscon first day'of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, tranfportable when any person or persons shall be lawfully convicted, before crimes in any court, competent for the trial of crimes in Scotland, of any Scotland, may offence for which the puniftiment of tranfpo^ation or banish be transport ment beyond seas may be inflicted, it shall and may be law full for the said court to order and adjudge, that such person or persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the seas, in like manner as now i in use; and, in every such

case.

I 56

to such places as his Majesty, in council, shall appoint.

If his Majesty Should extend his mercy to any offender capitally convicted, the court may order him to jbe transported.

Persons contracting to transport offenders, may carry them through any county to the seaport. Penalty on rescuing them, etc.

If any person ordered for tratifporta tion, etc. shall be found at large in Great Britain or Ireland, before the expira

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 4.6.[17s5.

case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places, .part or parts beyond the Teas, either within his majesty's dominions, or elsewhere out of his majesty's dominions, such offenders shall be conveyed or transported;; such court is hereby authorised and empowered to adjudge the fer ices of such offenders, and to order them to be transferred to the use of any person or persons, and his or their assigns, who shall contract for the due performance of such transportation: and when his Majesty, his heirs and fuceeffors, shall be pleased to extend mercy to any offender or offenders, who hath or have been, or shall be under sentence of death, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon condition of transportation to any place or places, part or parts beyond seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, and such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of date, it shall be lawful for any court, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offenders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cases where such offender or offenders shall be authorised by his Majesty to transport himself, herself, .or themselves)'to order the transfer of such offender or offenders to any person or persons who shall contract for the due performance of such transportation, and his or their alsigns, for such and the same term of years for which any such offender or offenders" shall have been ordered to be transported, or for such term of life or years as shall be specified in such condition of transportation as aforesaid; and such person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or there assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, shall have a property in the services of such offender or offenders for such terms respectively.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th. he person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, to whom any C ender shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any o er person or persons lawfully authorised, may, in such man as they shall think fit, carry and secure the said offenders in and through any county of Great Britain, towards the seaport or place from whence they are to be transported; and if any person or persons shall rescue such offenders, or any of them, or affiflf them, or any of them, in making their escape from such person or persons as shall have them in their custody, as'aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy by the lav of England.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. that'if any offender or offenders, who shall be so ordered by such court as aforesaid, to be transported beyond the feasor who shall agree to transport himself or herself on certain conditions, either fo#ife or any number of years, to any such place or places, part or parts, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in manner aforesaid; shall be afterwards at large within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain ox, Ireland without some lawful

cause,

, by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.46. 157

cause, before the expiration of the term for which such offender tion of his or offenders shall have been ordered to be transported beyond term he shall the Teas, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself death, as aforesaid, every such offender being at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, by the law of England; and such offender or offenders, being so found at large in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may and shall be tried there before any court of competent jurisdiction for the trial of the original offence: and whoever shall discover and prosecute to personsdif conviction any such offender or offenders, so being at large as covering and aforesaid, shall be entitled to a reward of twenty pounds Afor fuc^offen'd every such offender so convicted: : nevertheless, That ers, entitled his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may pardon and. dicto a reward pense with such transportation, and allow of the return of any ofaol# such offender to the kingdom of Great Britain.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, His Majesty from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his. impoweredto Majesty, from time to time, by an order in writing, to be no authorise two tified by one of his principal secretaries of state, or for any two or Of justi or mpre of the lords of judiciary in Scotland, who shall be au ciary to or thorized by his Majesty under his sign manual, to direct the der, the reremoval of any male offender or offenders who now is or are, ^^ers^n or hereafter shall be under sentence of death, but reprieved dur jjer sentence ing his majesty's pleasure, or under sentence or order of trans of death, etc. portation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandand who, from any sal having been examined by an experienced surgeon or apot^ecary/ ansq^^^nto shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious distemper, greatbritate, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prison in which such etc. offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within Great Britain, either at land or on board any ship or vessel in the River Thames, or any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any port of Great Britain, as his Majesty, or others legally authorised as aforesaid, shall from time to time appoint; and every offender, who shall be so removed, shall continue in the said place of confinement, or be removed to or confined in any other such place or places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or any others duly authorised as aforesaid, from time to time, shall appoint, until such offender shall be transported according to law, or by the expiration of the term of such transportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his liberty, or until such offender be returned to the gaol or prison from which he

shall have been so removed; and the sheriff, magistrate, or Gaoler to degaoler, having the custody of any offender, whose removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient speed, such'orders0 after the receipt of the notification of any such order, convey, with a proper or cause to be conveyed, every such offender to the place ap certificate pointed, and there deliver him, together withii certificate, containing his christian name, surname, and age, and also the of,, for which, and the court in which he was convicted, and

the

:

Expenses of removal how to be paid.

Oferseers, to whom such j>rifoner8 are delivered, to have the same powers over them as gaolers, etc.

Time of imprisonment to be deemed part of the term of transportation. Overfcersmay inflict moderate punishment for misbehaviour, etc.

If offenders cannot conveniently be, trail sported to the place mentioned in their sentence, two judges of the court of judiciary may order them to

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.46. [1785.

the purport of his or her Sentence, to the overseer or overseers 'of the said place to which such offender is so sent, who shall give a proper receipt, in writing, to the sheriff, magistrate, or gaoler, for his exoneration.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fees and expenses attending such removal, shall be paid in the same manner as has been practised in Scotland in the case of transportation beyond seas.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the removal of any offender under this act, the overseer who shall have the custody of him shall, during the term of such custody, have the same powers over him as are incident to the office of a sheriff or gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for any escape of such offender, and also, during such custody, shall seed and cloth such offender, and shall keep him to labour at such places, and under such directions, limitations, and restrictions, as his Majesty, or others duly authorised as aforesaid, shall, from timd to time, by any order to be directed to such overseer or overseers for their instruction, appoint.

VII And it is hereby declared, That the time during which any offender shall have continued in gaol under sentence of transportation, or, ' being removed under the provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be taken and reckoned in discharge, or part discharge or satisfaction of the term of his transportation: and if, during such confinement under this act, he shall be guilty of any disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for the overseer or overseers, having the custody of him, to inflict, or cause to inflict such moderate punishment or correction as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the custody of such overseer, or overseers; or if any person shall rescue, or attempt to rescue, or assist in rescuing, any such offender from such custody; or shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, or arms,, to such offender; every such offence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such offender had been confined in a gaol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff, magistrate, or gaoler, for the crime of which such offender shall have been convicted.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any offender, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, hath already been ordered to be transported to any part beyond the feasor if any order shall at any time hereafter be made for the transportation of any such offender, and such order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the place in such order mentioned, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the judges of the court of judiciary to order that such offender shall be transported to any other part or place beyond the seas, which shall have been appointed by his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council as aforesaid for the transportation

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 46, 159

tion of such offenders, in such and the like manner, and for the be transport same term of years, as such offender is or shall be liable to be to any transported, to the place mentioned in the original sentence or the order for his or her tranfportaiion; and such order shall be con h^majesty * fidered as made at the same time, and shall be as effectual to for the trans every intent and purpose, arid shall have all the same confe portation of quences in every respect, as the original order for the trans offend portation of such offender; and such offender shall be trans er ferred, conveyed, and made over, to any person who will contract for the performance of such transportation, and to his or their assigns, in like manner as if such offender had been transported to the place mentioned in the original order of transportation;; such person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, shall have a property in the service of the said offender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such offender Offenders re so ordered for transportation, shall be afterwards at large within turning before any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful cause, before the expiration of the term for which such offender t0 *

shall have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, death, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, and shall be tried before such judges, and in such manner, and the same evidence made use of for his or her conviction, as shall be directed by the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial of other offenders found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported;; whoever shall discover and prosecute to conviction any such sol. reward offender, so being at large within this kingdom as aforesaid, for profecut shall be entitled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such fenders. ° " offender so convicted.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all actions, suits, and prosecutions, to be commenced Limitation of against: any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance actlons* of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact committed, and not otherwise.

X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the Continuance provisions of this act, so far as the same extend to authorise the of ^8 act removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence umil the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP.

io Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 47. [1785.

CAP. XLVIL

'An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the com miffmers of ft amps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred.

Preamble. WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his Coache8 etc. V V late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for ao. geq*a. * granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches, C 10. and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum

of one million, by way of lottery, to be charged upon the said rates and duties; it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, there fioould be raised and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, that Should be kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire (except such coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed by the commissioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches) the yearly sum of four poundsand for and upon every calash, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name soever suck carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that Should be kept by or for any person or persons for his or their own use, or to be let out to hire, the yearly sum of forty Billings; which said several rates and duties Should be paid by the person or per Jons keeping such carriages; and the said rates and duties were put under the management of the corn mifftonen of excise in England and Scotland respectively; in which act there was a clause, exempting publitk Jlage coaches from the said duty of four pounds: and whereas by an act, made in the 16 Geo. 3. sixteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting e 34. to his Majesty several duties on coaches, and other carriages

therein mentioned; and several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upoh cards, dice, and newspapers; and for raising tfye sum of two millions by, annuities, and a lottery to be attended with annuities; an additional

duty of twenty findings a year was imposed upon every four wheeled carriage, liable to the duty of four pounds by the said act of the twentieth year of his late Majesty; which before mentioned act of the sixteenth year of his present Majesty also imposed the yearly duty of five pounds for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calajh with four wheels, chaije marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages then were, or thereafter might be called{or known, 'that Should be kept by or for any person or persons as public sage coaches, (except Juth coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be

licensed

1785.] Anno vicefimb quinto Georgii III c.47.' isx

ticen/ed by the commijjtoners for the duties arising by hackney to be paid by the person or persons beeping the same, who ivere to be under the like rules, direflionsy and penalties, as persons keeping coaches for their own use or to let out for hire, ivere by the said act of the tiventieth of George the Second: and whereas, by virtue of. an act) made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled

An al for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the r Qea# j, produce of the several duties under the management of the rec. 45. lpedhve commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain; and of two other aftsy one made in the twenty first year 21 Geo. of his present Majesty, and the other in the twenty second year C 17. and his present Majestyy three several additional duties of five pounds aa5je0, ^ per centum became charged upon the produce and amount of the said Ci'* * duties, so laid by the said recited aus of the twentieth year of George the Second and fifteenth year of his present Majesty: and whereas by an ably made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty, there was charged an additional duty of twenty billings a year for and upon every coach, berlihy landau, chariot, calafi with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise vnth four wheels, and ca ravan, or 'by what name sever such carriages then were or there after might be called or known, that ftjould be kept by or for any person for his or her own uje, or to be let put to hire, or that fiould be kept by or for any person or persons as pub lick Jlage coaches (except such coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed by the commissioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches;) and also for and upon every talafi, chaise, and chair with two wheels cr by ivbat name soever such carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that ftrould be kept by or for any person or persons for hisy hery or their own use: and it wa further enaftedy That the said several additional duties therein before granted Should be moreover jub jest to the additional duty of five pounds per centum and ‘five pounds per centum on the produce thereof refpe6livelyy in the same manner as the additional duties of five pounds per centum and five pounds per centum were granted by the said recited atts of the nineteenth year and the twenty first year of his present Majesty: and whereasy by an act made in ihe twenty-third year of his present Majestyy intituledy An act for granting to his Majesty several 43 Geo. f > rates and duties uppn wagons, wains, carts and other such C 66. carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise, it was enaftedy Tbaty from and after ihe ftrft day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty threey there Should be paid unto his Majestyy his heirs and successorsy the several rates and duties following * (that is to say \) That every person who fiould keep any wagon, wainy cart, or other such carriage, with three or four wheels (except such carriages as then were charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excifey) fiould yield and pay annually four billings for every such waggony wainy or other such carriage as aforesaid, which fiould be expressed in a licence for that purpose; and that every person who fiould keep any cart or other carriage with two wheels except such Vol. XXXV M carriages

'

162 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C 47; [178^

carriages as were then charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise)) yield and pay annually two Billings for every such cart or other carriage, which Should be expressed in a licence for that purpose j and the ' fold duties were placed under the receipt and management of the commissioners of jjamps : and whereas by an act, passed in the last session of parlia 44 Geo. 3. ment, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties

C Ji* pn horses kept for the purpose of riding, and on horses used iti

, drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable, it was enabled, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand [even hundred and eighty-four, there Should he paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his heirs andsuccessors, amongst other duties, the duties following > (that is to say,) every person who Should keep and use any horse, mare,, or gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any other carriage, by whatsoever name Jucb carriage was then or thereafter might be called or known, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty under the management of the commissioners, of excise, then was payable by any statute then in force, Should yield and pay annually for every horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of ten finllings; and for levying the said duty on horjes it was enabled, That the same Should be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners of Jlamps, in manner therein mentioned; in which said act is contained a proviso, exempting from the said duty certain horses therein particularly described: andi whereas it is expedient that the said duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of the excise, granted by the said fever aland recited act s, Should be repealed; be it further enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of The duties the Tame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou ^e^elted anc seven hundred and eighty*five, the said duties, imposed by a (repealed.. several and recited adis, fell cease, determine, and be

no longer paid or payable.

Kew duties.. II And be it further enadbed, That, for and in lieu of the said duties,, there shall be charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the respective duties following $ (that is to say,)

For every For and upon every coach, berlin landau, chariot, calash coach, ian with four wheels, chaise*marine, chaise with four wheels, and dau, or other caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or four wheeled hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for carnage, any person for fojs 0r her own use, or to be let out to hire ex netcoaches)^ cept such coaches and other carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the commissioners for the duties on hackney 71. per ann, coaches,) the? yearly sum of seven pounds:

For every ca For and upon every calash, chaise, or chair with two or

Uih, chaise, or three wheels, r by what name soever such carriages now are

or

4785*] Aiino vicesimo quinto Gidftfeii 111. C 4

*63

or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or other car more horses, that shall be kept by or for any person dr petrfons ria&e whh for his or their own use, or to be let out td hire, the yearly sum ij1^ bfthree pounds and ten Shillings. per ain'

III And whereas it is apprehended, that the jhid recited ditties m carriages and horses may be more conveniently and effectually collected under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, than under the management of the said commissioners of excise

'andftamps respectively; be it therefore enacted, That, from and From July 5, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and 1785, the eighty-five, the several powers rules, methods, regulations, ^g^cited11 and provisions by the said recited acts of the twentieth year of acts which the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the jriace the du sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty second years of ties under the his present Majesty, dr any of them, given, prescribed, and made, for ascertaining, paying, collecting, and feedring the oners of esc said recited duties on carriages, under the management of the cife and of commissioners of excise; and also, that from and after the tenth stamps re day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the several powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, by the said recited acts of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty, dr either of them, giveri, prescribed, and made, for ascertaining, paying, collecting, and securing the said recited duties on wagons, wains, ahd other such carriages not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise 5 and also oh horses kept for the purpose of riding, or in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of cxcife is made payable, or for limiting the time or manner of paying the same, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall eeafe and determine.

IV Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Noftdrethovd this act contained (halt extend, or be construed to extend, to

remove from the management of the commissioners of stamps ftampstheli the licences granted by them to any person or persons exererf cences grant" " the trade and business of an horse dealer, nor to remove the ed to horse management of the duties charged on the owners of horses en dealers, etc tered to start or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing.

V Provided always, and be it further enacied, That, from Licences for

after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and keeping wag _ so much of the said recited act.of the twenty-third ^

year of his present Majesty, charging duties upon wagons,

and other carriages therein mentioned, as requires the said duties. to be expressed in a licence for keeping such wagons and carriages, shall be no longer in force, but from thenceforth the same duties, shall be payable as if they had been granted without requiring the form of any such licence.

Vf. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing Not to affect herem before contained shall be construed to affect the recovery the recovery of any arrears which may, on the said fifth oay of July or tenth

m2 day

164

From July s, 178s, the du ties on carriages, the duties on wagons, etc. andonhorses, ball be assessed, etc. by such persons, and in like manner, as the duties on houses and windows, granted by so Geo. a. C 3;

ao Geo. 2* C 4»;

at Geo. ». e. 10;

a6 Geo. a. €. 17 5

31 Geo. a. C 22;

2 Geo. 3. C

6 Geo. 3. C 38;

19 Geo. 3. « 591

Anno vkegmo quinto georgii III 0.471 £178^

day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, re fpectively, remain unpaid of any of the said duties, the receipt and management of which are transferred by this act, or the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before the same days.

VII And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the duties hereby imposed on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, and also the said duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses, charged by the said recited acts* or any of them, shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such persons, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for aflefling, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houses, and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties, and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his. said late Majesty, entitled. An act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, entitled, An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act, paffied in the last session of parliament, entitled, can act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and.lights; and for granting to his ma jessy other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for tatfing the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be chdrged on the said rates or dutiesand by an a, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain calied, Scotland; and by an af, made in the thirty first year of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and penfionsy and upon houses, and upon windows or lights, and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates qnd duties upon windows or lights; and by an at, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights *, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon 'houses, windows, and lights; and by another af, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the duties on all

inhabited

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgir III 0.47* 165

inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the laji session of parliament; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act; and also for amending so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and by another act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and 24 Geo* 3 for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon; or in or by any of the said acts 5 and all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, now in force, contained in the saidacts, relative to the

duties on houses and windows or lights, for aflefling, railing, levying, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for aflefling, railing, levying, collecting, and paying, the said duties hereby placed under the management of the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be for aflefling, raising, levying, collecting, and charging the rates and duties granted by the said acts on houses and windows, and on inhabited houses, so far as the said powers, rules, authorities, and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this act.

VIII And be it further enacted, That the said duties, here the transfer tofore under the management of the commissioners of stamps, red duties to the management of which is hereby directed to be transferred, underpthe for shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer for, and applied to, mer as. the same uses and purposes as were directed by the acts by

which the same duties were granted,

IX And whereas the duties on coaches, and other carriages, Recital of the granted by the before recited act of the twentieth year of the reign of application of his late majesty King George the Second, were charged with the ^et/°srmer payment of certain annuities efablijhed by the said act, and afterwards, by an act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late

Majesty, made it part of the sinking fund \ and the duties granted by the aid recited acts of the fifteenth and twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, and also the several additional duties of five pounds per centum by the said act of the nineteenth, and five

pounds per centum by the said act of the twenty first, with five

pounds per centum, and ten pounds per centum, granted by the said act of the twenty second year of the reign of his said present Majesty X were respectively made a part or parts of the funds, granted for payment of annuities efablijhed by sundry acts of parliament, pa fed' in the said fifteenth, nineteenth, twenty sirs, and twenty second years of the reign of his said present Majesty; be it therefore enacted, That, Part of new from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven him duties to be dred and eighty-five, out of the moneys that shall arise and be applied in the

paid into the receipt of his majestyy exchequer of the said me manner

M 3 yearly

How tb proceed in Case of a deficiency of duties.

Anno qpinto Georgii III <?. 47. f 178^.

yearly duties of (even pounds, and of three pounds ten Shillings on the relpeciiyp coaches and other carriages, granted by this act, the sum of twenty-two thousand two hundred forty six pounds, being one fewth part of the annual sum of eighty eight thousand binehundred eighty-four pounds, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftpker^ the fifth day of 'January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the finding fund £ the sum, of five thousand four hundred twenty-two pounds, and five (fillings, being one fourth part of. the annual sum of twenty-one thousand six hundred and eighty nine pounds, hall, quarterly on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day, of July, in every year,, be. carried to the fund for payment of the annuities established by the, afore recited act of the sixteenth year of the reigp of his present Majesty; the sum of one thousand three hundred seventy fevea pounds, eighteen Shillings.. eight peace,, being one fourth part of the sum of five thousand five hundred and eleven pounds, fourteen Shillings, and eight pence per anflttm, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the fund for payment of the annuities established by the said recited act of the nineteenth year of the reigp of his present Majesty; the sum of one thousand three hundred fifty seven pounds, eighteen Shillings, and one penny, being one fourth part of the sum of five thousand four hundred and thirty-one pounds, twelve Shillings, and fourpence per an mw, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every, year, be carried to the sinking fund; and the sum of fevety thousand three hundred twenty six pounds, eight Shillings, and nine pence, being one fourth of twenty-nine thousand three hundred and five pounds, and fifteen Shillings per annum, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifrh day of January the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the fund granted far payment of the annuities eftajbliftved by the said recited act of the twenty second year of tpe reign of his present Majesty, and shall be issued, paid, and applied, according to the directions, and for the several uses and purposesto which the same funds are respecuvely appropriated by the afore recited acts; which several annual sums a sore mentioned, are the proportional sums that have been applied out of the duties repealed by this act, according to a statement made thereof

X And be it further enacted, That if, on any of the said quarter days, the produce of the said duties on coaches and ' other carriages hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the above furps to be carried to the respeciive funds as above directed, such produce shall be carried to the several funds aforesaid, in the order in which the same are herein directed, fb fa as.the said produce in such quarter will extend, and the deficit enc fl^ali bp fopphed out of the produce of the next, or any,

future

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.47, 167

future quarter; and in case there shall be a surplus remaining Surplus to be in the receipt of the exchequer of the moneys arising by the [^e^p0g°.r said duties, over and above sufficient to satisfy the charges here tion 0fppar'„ by made on the same, such surplus shall, from time to time, be liament. reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall notbeiflued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament for that purpose.

XI And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, commission levying, colleding, and paying the said recited duties on coaches, ers of the carriages, and horses, the commissioners authorised or appoint ed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for put on house's, 16* ting in execution the said acts relative to the duties on houses, C to put and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, shall be com this act in missioners for executing this present act, and the powers therein execution, contained, in all and Angular the counties, shires, stewartries, ' ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and such com inc missioners, for the speedy execution of this act, shall, in the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed commissioners, meet for the first time on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of raising, levying, and colleding the duty on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, and on or before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of raising, levying, and colleding the duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses; and afterwards shall in like manner meet yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said commissioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth day of April; and shall then divide thamfelves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and colleding the said recited duties on carriages and horses, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, or any of them, with respect to the duties thereby imposed, except so far as any alteration is made by this fed.

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, commission by any negligence or default, there shall not have been a meeters, on default ing of the said commissioners for executing this act, within or ?^em^tingon at the times, or according to the manner hereby prescribed, the above*men said commissioners, or any two or more of them, in the respec tioned, may five counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, meet after cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein wir etc. such default shall have happened, may and shall meet at any other rhyme or times, as soon as may be after the time or times so prescribed, in order to execute the powers of this act, so as that thd said recited duties on carriages and horses may be duly and effectually affeflfed, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty,

M 4 his

-, 158

Cbiibs to be taken by coramission ers*

$fcw oath.

Penalty on &6hng before taking the oaths.

The first af feflmentwhen o be made.

Duties to be paid quarterly.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C 47. [1785 *

his heirs and successors* notwithstanding any such default or de » fe£t as aforesaid.

XIII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person (fiall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, (except in administering the oath of qualification herein after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oath's requisite to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, windows or lights, and inhabited houses, by any of the acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following oath; (that is to say,)

I A. B. do j\wear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the commissioners of (lamps rfefpedtively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties fa transferred; and will determine, without favour or afsection, upon all appeals which Shall be brought before me under the said afty according to the befi of my Jkill and knowledge,

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the commissioners in the county, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any perform shall act as a commissioner of this act, (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XIV And be it further enacted, That the first afteffinent under this acts, of the said recited duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, shall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and of the said recited duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses, for half a year, from the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the assessment of the said recited duties on carriages and horses shall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

XV And be it further enacted. That the said recited duties on carriages and horses, foto he assessed under this act, shall be paid at the times, and in the manner following, (that is to. fay), quarterly, on the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year by equal portions; the first of the.said payments to be made on the tenth day of Oftobsr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, so^ the duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise; and on the fifth clay ca January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, for

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.47. j

the duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses.. /.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all clauferela persons who, previously to the said fifth day of Jutyy ontenth *lve t0 Pe^' day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, p^^he^ld^ shall have already paid the aforesaid duties on carriages and duties in horses, or any of them, for any part of the said three quarters advance,

or half year, for which the first assessments under this a Ct are hereby directed to be made, or their respective executors or admini ftratprs, shall, after paying the said first assessments, have a right to receive back from the commissioners of excise, or commissioners of stamps, for the duties now or heretofore under their management respectively, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any moneys which shall have been paid into, or be in their hands, such a proportion of the duties so already paid tp the said commissioners of excise or stamps respectively, as shall be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties for the said three quarters or half year on the said first assessments, or for any part thereof; for which purpose the said commissioners of excise and stamps respectively are'hereby required to make such orders, in respect to the time and manner of such repayments, as to them shall appear best calculated to effectuate the intention of this act, and to prevent a double charge.

XVII Andy for more effectually levying and collecting the said recited duties on carriages and horses under this act, be it further enacted, That if at any time there shall be a neglect of appoint If afleftors ment of assessors for the said duties on hojifes, and windows or neglect their lights; or if at any time the assessors appointed shall neglect

what is required of them by this act, then, and in every such may perform Case, it shall be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, or the same, the inspector or inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or on inhabited houses, or any of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to do and perform such and the like services as, by the said acts, or any of them, are required from such assessors.

XVIII And be it further enacied, That every person soap Oaths to be pointed or to be appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor *^2}

or inspector hereby authorised to act as an assessor, shall, before a e ors he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besides the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by assessors by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people' called ^uakersy make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form;

I A. B. do fweary [or affirnty as the case may require]. That New oath, 'in making the ajfefiment which by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the commissioners of < stamps,

, by Go

tyo

Penalty on acting before taking the oafh.,

Kotiee to be .given in the precepts of the appointment of assessors.

afteflors to give notice in writing to persons keep ing carriages, etc. to produce lists of the number kept by them within their districts, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 47. [17s5.

ft amps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes I will charge all persons according to the bejl of my Jkill and know hedge

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commis fiouers in the county, shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised and required toadminister; and if any person so appointed, or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to ad as assessor, shall presume to ad in the execution of the said office or employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case shall be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

XIX And be it further enacted. That the said commissioners for executing this act shall, in the precepts to be from time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places within their respective districts or divisions, naming whom they shall think fit to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, eaufe notice to be inserted, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the said recited duties upon carriages and horses..

XX And be it further enacted, That such persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen days after such their appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any carriage or horse liable to the said recited duties on carriages and horses, or any of them, within the limits of the places for which such assessors are to ad, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, one list in writing of carriages, liable to the said recited duties thereon, or any of them, kept by such person within such limits f the said list to describe the greatest number of such carriages which such person shall have kept at any one time in the course of the year, ending on the fifth day of April preceding such notice; and to express the denomination of each carriage and its number of wheels, distinguishing which are kept for private use, and which for hire, and which are used as public ftagecoaches; and another list in writing of the number of horses, liable to the said duties on horses, kept and used by him or her within such limits; every such written list to contain the greatest number by him or her kept and used in the course of the year, ending on such preceding fifth day of April as aforesaid;; every such person shall, after such notice so given or left, make out the said lists, or one of them, as the case may require, accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or eaufe the same to be delivered to such afleffor or assessors, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the said notice being given, when he Or they shall call for the same: and if any such person shall rtegle#

or

He )y

t j§5'3 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III jyt

or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such lists, or either of them, How assessor

within the time before mentioned, then such afleflbr or assessors to proceed, in

shall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make an case list

assessment upon such person, so refilling or neglecting, for or **

ih respect of the number of carriages and horses, liable to the

said recited duties, or any of them, so kept by him or her, distinguishing

them ih manner aforesaid; and every such afleflinent

so made upon any such neglect. or refusal shall be final and com

elusive upon the person thereby charged, who shall not be at

liberty to appeal therefrom unless such person shall prove that

he or she was not at his or her dwelling house at the time of

the delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the time

limited for delivering such list as aforesaid to the afleflbr; or

unless such person shall allege and prove such other excuse for

not having delivered his or her lists or list, as the commifli *

Dners for executing this act shall, in their judgement, think reasonable and sufficient.

XXI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Lifts to con the lists, which shall be delivered, in manner herein before tainthegreat mentioned, by order of the said commissioners upon the carries and first assessment to be made by virtue of this act, shall contain the horses kept greatest number of such carnages and horses as aforesaid, which during the the persons from whom such lists are herein before required (halltime to which respectively have at any time kept and used between the fifth day they relate pf j«ty> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the

fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

XXII And, to the end that no person may pay the said recited duties for the same carriages or horses in more parijhts or dijlrifts

than one, within the same year, be it further enacted, That if commission any person, having been assessed under this act in one parish ers, on appli or district for his or her carriages or horses within the same, cation, to shall be again assessed in another parish or district, for or in so^rfons respect of the same carriages or horses, or any of them, in every who have such case, the commissioners for this act, within such latter pa been assessed rill or district, or the majority of the said commissioners pre in different fenton any application for the purpose, may and are hereby uiecfamer required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, carriages or on proof given before them that such person hath paid the said horses. duties, for or in respect of the same carriages or horses in another place, and in what place specifically, or hath been assessed for the same; which proof shall be made, as to the of payment, by producing a receipt signed by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or, in default thereof, by other reasonable evidence, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners for putting in execution this act, or the majority of them, before whom such evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid proof, as to the of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of the afleflinent signed; by two or more, commissioners of the district for which such assessment shall have bee tgade* (which copy ot certificate, the clerk then attending

the

Clause relative to persons who pay for carriages, etc, in different pariihes.

Jn case the lists delivered to the assessors shall be found deficient, they may surcharge the same.

A fie (Tors to deliver their aflefliments to the commissioners within 3 months after their appointment. commissioners to sign the same, and appoint collectors, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 47. [1785.

the said commissioners shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the same), or, in default of such copy r certificate, then such proof shall be made by other evidence, to the fatisfadian of the commissioners present, or the majority of them.

XXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person who shall be called upon by virtue of this act to give such lists or list as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in such lists dr list, at the same time return a list, or make a declaration signed by him or her, of the number of such carriages and hpffes as aforesaid respectively he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular parish or pariihes, or district or districts, wherein he or ihe shall mean to pay for such other carriages and horses refpcdively; and the said af feflbrs shall enter the list or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver them to the surveyor for each parish or district, in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

XXIV And be it further enacted, That such assessors as aforesaid shall not be bound by such lists as shall be delivered to them respectively, in pursuance of this act; but shall be at liberty, if they shall find, upon due examination, that any carriage or carriages, or horse or horses, is or are omitted in such lists, to surcharge the same, and make a true assessment upon every person keeping such carriages or horses within their respective districts, of the real number of carriages or horses kept by each such person, distinguishing every such carriage and horse, in manner hereinbefore directed.

XXV And be it further enacted, That such assessors as aforesaid shall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing their assessments of the said duties on coaches, carriages, and horses, within the limits for which they are respectively to ad as aforesaid, unto the said commissioners, for this act, or ny two or more of them, within the space of three calendar months next after the time of their being so appointed assessors j and the said commissioners, to whom such assessments shall be so delivered, or any two of them, shall, within the space of one calendar month next after the receipt of the same respectively or as soon after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or furcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors, in fpedor or inspectors as herein after is or are mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons, named or presented in each of such assessments, to be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said commissioners for putting in execution this act, shall think able and responsible for the respective divisions and places for which collectors shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, ft by the said commissioners allowed of, unto the respective

person

i'

17*50 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III 0.47* 173

persons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby

enjoined and required to collect): and pay the duties so a defied,

and to give acquittances for the same; for whole paying unto *

the receiver-general, now or for the time being, appointed by

his Majesty, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being,

or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, or any

three or more of them, in the manner hereby directed, such

money as they the said collectors shall be charged with under

this act, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall

be answerable.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That every surveyor or Surveyorsun* inspector, appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of derthebe the said several acts relative to the duties on houses, and win fore menti dows or lights, shall be, and he is hereby empowered and authorised to inspect and examine any list or lists to be made out pj 3 before and signed by any such person keeping such carriages or horses they are sign as aforesaid, or any assessmeht or assessments for any parish or ed, and amend place, before the commissioners for putting in execution this act tilem*

shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such list or lists, and assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing;, and every person in whose custody any such lists or aflefiments shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such surveyor If surveyor or inspector shall, after any such list or lists, and assessment or discover any assessments, shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his surveyor examination, are signed, that any person who ought to be charged with the said recited they are to duties on carriages and horses, or any of them, shall have certify the been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under rated, such surveyor or inspector shall certify the same in er^etc, writing under his hand, together with an account of every carriage and horse omitted, and its proper description according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said commissioners for putting in execution this act, in order to have such omission or under rate rectified in the said assessment; and such commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXVII And whereas some persons, liable to the said recited duties

on carriages and horses, may neglect to deliver such lists and declarations per)ajty on. as are herein before required; be it further enacted, That where neglecting to any person liable, under the directions herein before contained, deliver lists t6 deliver such lists or declarations as aforesaid to the afleffor or and declara assessors, shall refuse or negject, within the time herein before tlon8‘ prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such list or declaration, ^© such afleffor or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXVIII And, to the end that any persons'keeping any carriages Persons to be or horses liable to the aforesaid duties, or any of them, may deliver, doubly rated or cause to be delivered, to the djftjfor or ajjejfojsy true lists and de or though e car‘

durations

t Ailno vicesimo tjuirito georgii III t. 47. £178^

tiages, etc. derations of their respective carriages and horses be it further *jjc7 ojj'1 in enabled. That in all cases where any afleflor, surveyor, or in nh if * f fpedor, shall make a surcharge upon any person for or in respect which fur f arty carriage or horse omitted to be inferred in any such list charge to be or declaration a aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after allowed the the rate of double the duty for every carriage or horse so omit afleflor or ted; an(j the aflessor, surveyor, or inspector so making such fur makine^he c^arge> lham be, anis hereby entitled to, and shall have and same. receive for his own use, one moiety of the furn charged by every

surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such list or declaration.

XXIX And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in dif- tottering lodgers or inmates in any house, liable to pay the said recited duties On carriages and horses be it therefore further enacted. Inhabitant That the inhabitant householder of any house, in which there householders ^aj| he any j0(jg^r or inmate keeping any carriage or horse of lodgers * liable' to the said duties, shall, within a week after a re whokeep quifition by notice in writing left at any such house, from Carriages, etc. or by any afteflor, surveyof* or inspector of the fard duties on carriages and horses, deliver to, or leave for, such afteflor, a list, in writing, of every lodger or inmate in such house who shall, at the time of delivering or leaving such list keep any carriage or horse liable to the said duties, or shall have kept any such carriage or horse from the tenth day of Qftober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, = on the first assessment under this act, and from the fifth day of April in each containing preceding year, on every future alfeftment; which list shall ex the names of press the christian and surname of every such lodger or inmate tbeparties, art(j shall contain an account of every such carriage, with such description as is herein before required, and of every horse liable to the said duty, to the bed of the knowledge and information of on penalty of such inhabitant househblder: and if any inhabitant householder *ol shall refuse to deliver any such list, as herein before mentioned, of

shall wilfully omit or misrepresent arty description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds, persons over XXX And be it further enacted, That if any person or rated may ap persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively Peal he overcharged or overrated by any assessment, charge, or fur coramimon cjlatge t0 be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, it (half be lawful for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said comrnifiioners for putting in execution this act; and the said commissioners or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals except where it shall appear to the said comrtiiflionefs that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her list or lists, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient cause, to the fatisfaftipn of the comrnifiioners for such omifiion, in manner herein before mentioned; in which case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to dismiss the appeal : provided that af the time of hearing the same appeal, a list (halt e be

1785.} Anno vicesimo quinta Georgii III c.47.

be produced, by or on the part of the appellant, upon his or Appellant to her oath, of the greatest number of carriages and horses, within deliver, on the district or limits of the places where such appeal shall be made, a subject to the said recited duties, as shall have been kept by him numbe^of * or her at any time between the tenth day of Oblober^ one thou carriages,, ete sand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, kept by him. one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with respect to the space of time which shall have elapsed between the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or with reipeci to any future year, the greatest number of such carriages and horses which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every such year, with such description and explanation and also such list or declaration as to other districts, as is herein before required; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days to be appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned with respect to the duties on houses, and windows or lights,

XXXI And be it further enacted. That the said com cbitfmiffioir -- xnifiioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing any ers not to appeal, make any abatement or defalcation in the charge or make any. surcharge made upon any person by such assessment asaforesaid, ^edaar^ *** or the surcharge of any such surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, etc^unless'it but the same shall stand good, and remain part of the annual (hail appear, assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said commission on oath, that ers, by examination upon oath, that such person is overrated .the appellant

* j k f ^ » jg over

in and by such assessment or surcharge; and every person in Ten. g nojf tending to appeal to the said commissioners shall, and is here ticetobegive* by required to give at the lead ten days notice thereof to the of appeal, said surveyor, or to one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal, and such surveyor and assessors may then and there attend to justify the said assessment and surcharge; and such surveyor, and assessors, and appellant, shall have full power and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said commissioners determining the same: and the said commissioners are here commifiioir by authorised and empowered upon every such appeal, although ers* in certahr they shall confirm the surcharge of such assessor, surveyor, case may r infpedtor, upon application of such appellant as aforesaid, to ^aky before'

'and strike off the penalty herein before directed to be directed to be paid to such afieflor, surveyor, or inspector surcharging such paid to the fist, if they shall be of opinion that there was any doubt whe assessor, etc. there the carriage or horse so surcharged was rateable within the meaning of this act, and was not omitted by such appellant out of such list or lists or declaration as aforesaid, with any intention to defraud the revenue.

XXXII Provided always and be it further enacted, That if Penalty on on such examination on the hearing of such appeal, it shall ap surveyors, etc. pear to the said commissioners that such surcharge was falsely f^rfem^!, ng *

and charge.

17^ Anno vicesimo quuito gfeorgii III C‘4?. tt

and vexatioufly made; then, and in such case, such surveyor assessor, or infpcdtor so surcharging, shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punifhtfients as in and by the said als relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, inspectors, or assessors, for neglect of duty.

betermina* XXXIII And be it further enabled. That all appeals tionofcom once heard and determined by the said com mi ill oners, or any tniffioners to two or more of them, or the major part of them, then pre be fina; fenton the ^ or by t|iem appointed for hearing of ap except, etc. peals, shall be final, (except as herein after excepted.)

Persons difia XXXIV And be it further enacted, That if either the said tisfied may, surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing in that part in England, of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon courfof* tllg wee all apprehend the determination made by the said king's bench; commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of ' this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or infpedtor, or person respectively, to require the said commissioners to state fpeeially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly, and cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king's bench of common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpced* to return an answer to such case so transmitted with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of the and in Scot appeal, shall be altered or confirmed : and if either the said fur * land, to the veyor, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain court of fef called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the fion, etc. said commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, to state fpeeially and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which case the said commissioners are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted ta one of the judges, of the court of session, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed. ' ' 1 XXXV Pro,

, by

17854] Anno vicefinjo quinto georgii III C 47.

XXXV Provided always, and be it further enabled, That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said jiiftices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said commissioners shall (land with respect to the payments which shall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

XXXVI And be it further enabled, That every penalty or forfeiture which shall be incurred under this act of a greater sum than twenty pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if the matter shall arise within England or' Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the court of session, court of judiciary, .or court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of th united kingdoms, by action of debt, bill, plaint, 'or information; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person ot persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXXVII And whereas it frequently happens, that persons oc tuping farms who keep horses for the purposes of hujb an dry only, and neverthelejs ride one of such horses to or from market, or church, or other place of public wor/hip, but do not use them for the purpose of riding on any other occasion, and doubts have arisen zvhcther such horses were subject to the duty imposed by the before recited act cf the last session of parliament; be it therefore enabled, That the afteff ments which are to be made under the authority of this act, shall be made for all horses whatsoever belonging to any person within the kingdom of Great Britain, which shall, on any occasion, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage nov or hereafter subject to any excise duly.

XXXVIII Provided always. That upon any appeal to the acting commissioners in England, or the commissioners of supply in Scotland, from the affeftment so made for such horse, and on proof, on oath made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm, not worth more than one hundred and fifty pounds a year to be let, shall have been so afiefled, has been only used for the purpose of riding to and from market, or church, of other place of public worihip, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong,

XXXIX And be it further enabled. That, in all cases where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, shire, flew artry, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confeflkm of the party or parties accused, or by the

You XXXV N oath

iyj

Proviso, relative to cases transmitted to the judges.

Penalties exceeding sol. where to be recovered

All horses used for riding, or in. drawing coaches, etc. subject to the duty.

Occupiers of land in certain cases, to beexcufedthe duty for one hciie.

Penalties not exceeding 20i0 recoverable be Tore two justices;

j7? Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 4s. [1785."

oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the in andmaybe former or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case.of. kviedbydi nonpayment, shall be levied by distress and sale of the gffen ftre8' ' der's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and, for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of, such county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such'justices shall think most proper.

Constables, XL And be it further enacted, That all constables and etc to be aid headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers,

ins this^ct**" anc are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively mg is ac. gjjjjpg anc] affjfting in the execution of this acct, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf by the respecfiive commissioners hereby appointed, or any of them.

Limitation of XLI And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, or actions informations, for any offence against this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pur ceneralifiue. fuance of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited. Treble costs. then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII

An act for granting to his Majesty certain ft amp duties on licences to be taken out by persons uftng or exercifuig the trade or buftnefs of a, pawnbroker.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble TE, y°ur majesty's m°ft dutiful and loyal subjects, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cnacfted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.48.

thority of the same. That, from and after, the fifth day of July, From July sone thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be 1785, tnefol raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of lowing duties Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs hu'maj€ftys> andfuccefibrs, the rates and duties following; (that is to say), all persons using of exercising the trade or business of a pawnbroker in Great Britain, shall annually take out a licence for that purppfe in manner herein after prescribed:

Where the person using or exercising the trade or business of By every a pawnbroker as aforesaid, shall refirfe within the cities of Lon pawnbroker don and Westminster, the parish of Saint Mary le B: northeast, and Saint Je, on jjj. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, or within the difiance of West trviifter, the bills of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark in See. io. per the county of Surrey, there shall be charged a fiamp duty of ten ann pounds:

And where the person using or exercising the trade or bufi and in any nefs of & pawnbroker as aforesaid, shall reside in any other part other part of of Great Britain, there shall be charged a lamp duty of five Great Britain, pounds. 3

II And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more Duties to be effectual levying and colleding the said duties herein before under the granted, the same shall be under the government, care, imd management of the commissioners for the time being appointed fi0nersof " to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, stamps. and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for

that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary; and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said duties as shall be requisite in that behalf; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereinbefore granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enabled. That, from and after the Penalty ott fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, pawnbroker no person whatsoever required by this act to be licensed, shall, tithoutapro unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, per licence receive or take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or

from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or'chaftels for the Repayment of money lent thereon, in Great Britain, upon pain to forfeit for every offence the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is 'directed.

. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Twocommlf* day oijuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, any fioners may, two or'more of his majesty's commissioners appointed for ma nagtng the duties arising by (lamps on Vellum, parchment, land b

N % paper,

i So

Licences to be renewed annually.

Who shall be deemed pawnbrokers.

Not to extend to persons who lend money at or under 5 percent.

Not to keep more than one (hop by virtue of one licence.

Persons in partnerihip need take out only one licence.

Stamps may be altered.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL c.48. [1785*

paper, or fotne person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to use or exercise the trade or business of a pawnbroker, as aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upoh licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence: and all and every person and persons who hall take out such licence for using or exercising the said trade or business of a pawnbroker, shall take out another licence for another year, ten days at leafr before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she ball continue to use and exercise the said trade or business of a pawnbroker and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the stamps on such licence, so long as he or lie hall continue to use or exercise the trade or business of a pawnbroker.

V And be it further enacted, That all persons who hall receive or take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods of chattels for/the repayment of money lent thereon, hall respectively be deemed pawnbrokers within the intent and meaning of this act, and shall take out a licence for the same accordingly.

VI Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons who hall lend money upon pawn or pledge, at or under the rate of five pounds per centum per annum filtered, without taking any further or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatever.'

VII And be it further enacted, That no pawnbroker, or other person receiving or taking, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, any goods or chattels for the repayment of money lent thereon, licensed or to be licensed by authority of this act, hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one.jhouse, hop, jor other place, for taking in goods or chattels to pawn f but for each and every house, hop, or other place, which any person shall keep for the purposes aforesaid, a separate and difiindjfc licence shall be taken out and paid for by such pawnbroker or other person.

Vill. Provided always, That persons in partnership, and carrying on the trade and business of a pawnbroker in one house, hop, or tenement only, hall not be obliged to take out more than one licence, in any one year, for the carrying on such trade or business.

IX And be it further enacted. That such stamps as the commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and ife, hall and may be altered and renewed in such manner as

any

1785.] Anno vkelimo quinto Georgii III C 48. 181

any other stamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, directed to be altered 6r renewed.

X And be it further enacted, That if any person or performs Penalty on shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or counterfeit forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or either of them; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted,

shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, distribution of penalties, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former actor acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on .vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be in to be applied full force and effect with relation to the duties hereby imposed; in execution and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levy f this ing, colledling, and securing the said rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XII And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties Penalties how imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against to he reco* this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his vere * majesty's courts at Wejtminfier, for offences committed in that

part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Benvick upon Tiveedand in his majesty's court of feftioris, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (lie shall recpver any penalty or penalties, shall recover the?

'same for his or her own use, with double eofts of suit.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the several duties herein before granted, shall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general, for pydinto the the time being, of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, ec pnd paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the fleceffary charges

; ............................ N 3 0£

Provisions of former acts relating to ftamn duties

ftnd entered separate from all other moneys.

How to be applied t

Defendants may plead the general issue.

and have treble costs.

Anno vipejsncio quinto Georgii III C 49, [1785.

pf railing, paying,, and accounting for the same being dpduijted), into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, at fuel) time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on stamped vellum parchment and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as, aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, Arwft for granting annuities to fatisjy certain navy, victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.,

CAP. XLIX

An act for granting to his majesty certain duties upon licences to b taken out by coachmakers; and afo certain duties upon carriages tq fie built for sale.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TIT E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the V V commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's \ publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant to your Majesty the several rates and duties upon licences to be taken out, in manner herein after mentioned, by every person carrying on the trade of a coach maker; and. upon, poaches, or other carriages herein after mentioned, newly built for sale; and we do hereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most Every coach excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ipakerm lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par ^^ake^uta1 lament affembied, and by the authority of the same, That, os. licence. from and after the fifth day of July., one thousand seven hun auauaily. i|r?d apd eighty-five, every coach maker yvithiq kingdom of

" ' f " ' 1 * ' Qrtqk

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 49.' 183:

Great Britain shall yearly take out a licence in manner hereinafter, mentioned, and shall pay for the same to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of twenty Shillings;

II And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said From July fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, I7g5> no no person who now doth, or at any time hereafter shall, carry *of on the trade of a coach maker within Great Britain, shall build, made, until make, construct, or sell any coach, chaise, berlin, landau, cha the maker has riot, cala(h with four wheels, chaise marine with four wheels, taken out or caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or *

hereafter may be called or known; or any calasti, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, or other carriage heretofore made subject to any duty of excise, until he or she shall have taken out such licence as above directed, for which licence he or (lie shall, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the said sum of twenty Shillings: and if Where LI any such licences shall be taken out within the limits of the fences are to chief office of excise in London, then such licences shall be grant ed under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's raid, in eng commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or lindorwales; persons as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London, or at such other place, and to such person or persons, as the said commissioners for the time being shall appoint; but if such licences shall be taken out in any part of England or Wales not within t he said limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, such licences T

shall, in such case, be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the duties shall be paid for the same to the collectors of excise within whose collection such licences shall be granted respectively; and if such licences shall and where; dj be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, such scotiand. licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, or at such other place, and to such per tonne or persons, as the said commissioners of excise in Scotland shall appoint; but if such licences shall be taken out in any other part in Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their respectivo collections and districts, and the several duties for the same (hail be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licences shall be so granted; and such respective commissioners of excise, and the persons foto be appointed by them respectively, and also all such collectors, are hereby respectively authored and required to grant and deliver such licences tp the per

N 4 ftn?

Licences to be renewed annually,

Penalty on making any Coach, etc without taking out a licence, and

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 49. [1785.

fons who shall apply for the same upon their payment of the duties herein before mentioned.

III And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall take out any such licence as aforesaid, is. and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at least before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking out the first licence, before he, (he, or they shall presume to make, build, conftrudt, or sell, any of the carriages before mentioned; and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum for each and every new or renewed licence as is by this at required for the first licence, in manner, and at the places and times herein before mentioned; and if any such person or persons as aforesaid shall, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, presume or offer to make, build, conftrudf,. or sell any of the carriages herein before mentioned, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner renewing the aforesaid, lie, (lie, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the same yearly. urn Of ten pounds for each offence.

Persons in IV Provided always, and be it further enabled, That per pannerfhip ferns jn partnership, and carrying on their trade and bufinei's in out more than one ^ou^e or fh°p only, shall not be obliged to take out more one licence than one licence in any one, year for carrying on such trade; for one house, and no one licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or empower any person or persons, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, build, conftrucft, or sell any of the carriages herein before mentioned, in any other house or place than the houses or places where he, (he, or they did 1 make, build, or conftrudt the said carriages at the time of granting such licence.

V Provided also, and be it further enacted. That upon the death of any person so licensed, it shall be lawful for the executors or administrators, or for the wife or child of such deceased person, to carry on the said trade of making, building, con itruding, or selling such carriages as aforesaid, at the same place where such deceased person, by virtue of such licence, carried on such trade, during the residue of the term for which such licence was granted to such deceased person, without taking out a new licence during the residue of the said term.

VI And be it further enacted. That every coach maker within the kingdom of Great Britain shall, from and after the

four wheeled 6^* of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, carriage made Pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of twenty

Pxecutors, etc. may act iwfer licences of deceased perform.

A duty of ao s. to be

for say,

end tos. for every two wiieeied one.

(hijjings for every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, qalafli with four vyheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known; and the sum of ten Shillings for every cala(h, chaise, and chair with tyvo wheels, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, which he, (he, or they (haft make, build, or construct for sale.

y VII And.

. by

1785.3, Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 49.

185

VII And) for better collecting) raifingy levying., and securing the duties by this act imposed upon licences, and upon carriages newly built, made, or conjlrusted, as aforesaid, be it further enacted.

That such of the said duties as are charged upon such licences, Duties to be and upon carriages newly built, made, constructed, and sold in under the ma england, Wales) or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be the commis under the management of the commissioners and officers of his f10ners of ex majesty's revenue of excise in England for the time being j and cife in Eng xuch of the said duties as are charged upon such licences, and jandandscot upon carriages newly builr, made or constructed, and sold in jygjy** pe Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland for the time being; who are hereby respectively empowered to appoint proper officers for charging, collecting, and receiving the same.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every coach maker shall, once in six weeks, deliver a true Coachmakers,

'account in writing of the number and kinds of such carriages as every six aforesaid, which he or she shall have made, built, or construct jj^anac^* ed, and sold, within six weeks, and of the days on which each count on carriage respectively was delivered or sent out of his or her (hop oath, 'of all or warehouse; and such coach maker, or his or her chief work carriages, man or manager, shall make oath (or, being a Quaker, affir n mation) to the truth of such account, according to the bed of 10 his knowledge and belief: and if such carriage or carriages shall Atwhatplaces be made within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, c?ui ** then such accounts, oaths, or affirmations, shall be delivered ^ ^ e e L to, and administered by such officer or officers as the commissioners of excise in England shall appoint, at the said chief office of excise in London; and such coach maker shall then and there pay and clear off all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid 5 and if such carriage or carriages shall be made within the limits of the city of Edinburgh) then such accounts, oaths, or affirmations, shall be delivered to, and administered by such officer or officers as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall 1 appoint, at the chief office of excise at Edinburgh; and such coach maker hall then and there, pay to such officer all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid;; if such carriage or carriages shall be made at any other place in Great Britain, then such accounts, oaths, or affirmations, shall be delivered to, and administered by the collector or supervisor of excise of the district within which such carriage or carriages shall be made, and lucli coach maker shall then and there pay to such collector all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid: : in case any coach Penalty on maker ibali neglect to deliver in such account, or to verify he default, same upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, or to pay down all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid;; coach maker so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all prosecutions for the recovery of penalties and forfei penalties how

Prosecutions within the limits of the excise office In London, to be determined by three commission ers, etc.

and ip all other parts of Great Britain, Shall be determined by two neighbouring justices /

aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Upon conviction of parties accused, commissioners, etc. may issue out warrants of dif utfs, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 49. [1785:

may be beard, adjudged, and determined, either by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wejl- minjter, or in the court of exchequer in Scdland, if such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred there, or in such manner and form as hereafter is directed; that is to say, all prosecutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed against this at within the limits or jurisdictfion of the chief office of excise in London, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any three or more of the commissioners of excise in England, for the time being; and in case of appeal from the judgement of the said commissioners, and not otherwise), shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the commissioners for appeals for the time being, or the major part of them, whose judgement therein shall be final, and not liable to be removed by certiorari into any of the courts at Wejhninjhr; and all prosecutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed within all or any other the counties, cities, stewartries, shires, towns, or places, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any two or more of the justices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed; and if either the informers or defendants shall think themselves aggrieved by the judgement given by such justices, it shall and may be lawful for every such informer or defendant to appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions to be held in and for the county, shire, stewartry, city, town, or place, where the penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred, who are hereby authorised and required to hear, adjudge, and determine the same, and whose judgement therein shall be final, and not liable to be removed by certiorari into any of the courts at west minster; and the said commissioners for excise, and commissioners for appeals, (in case of appeals), and all justices of the peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised and required, upoq complaint or information, upon oath, exhibited and brought before them respectively as aforesaid, of the commission of any offence against this act, (which oath the said commissioners and justices of the peace respectively are hereby authorised to administer), to summon the party or parties accused, and upon the appearance or contempt of any person or persons so summoned, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the person or persons so summoned, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath they the said commissioners and justices respectively have hereby power to administer), to give judgement or sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out warrants, under their hands respectively, for the levying of such penalties or forfeitures upon the goods and chattels of such person or persons, and to cause sale to be made of such goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to such person or persons the overplus, (if any be); and for want of Efficient distress

to

1785.], Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 50. 187

to imprison the party or parties offending, till satisfaction be made.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all the money arising from the duties by this act granted Duties to be upon licences, and upon carriages newly made, built, or con pai^int0 the ftructed, as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of railing and ac qur counting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be Application paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Wejlminstery thereof, separate and apart from all other duties; and shall be appropriated and applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties on coaches and other carriages, granted by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and several subsequent acts, are applicable unto.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for anything by him or them actions. done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her. Treble costs or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to » his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to, the killing of game; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for grant Recital of 44 ing to his Majesty certa n duties on certificates issued with re Geo. 3. CI spect to the killing of game, it was enacted, That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, there should be raised, I vied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors9 the several rates and duties followings (that is to say), That every person in g^eat Britain, qualified with respect to. 'property to kid game, should, previous to their .booting at, killings or defraying any game. deliver in a paper or account in writing, con taimng the name and place of abode of such person, if in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county; and, if in Scotland, with she Jher iff or Jlewart clerk 0/ the county uyhere such person should re

*88 armovfcefiins quinta georgiiiii. C 50. [1785,;

side 1 arid annually take out a certificate thereof \ that upon every piece of vellum or parchment y or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any finch person Should be ingrojfed, written, or printedthere Should be charged mftamp duty of two pounds two Jbil.. lings: that every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in England, Should be registered with the clerk of the peace of the county; and every fitch deputation, by any proprietor of land in Scotland, Should be registered in the jherijf or fiewart court books of the county in which the said manor or lands' Should bey and the gamekeeper so appointed Should annually take out a certificate thereof; that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate, issued to any person under any deputation or appointment of game keeper, Should be ingrojfedy written, or printed, there Should be charged a ft amp duty of ten shillings and sixpence;; whereas the payment of the said rates and duties has been greatly evacted; we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedb, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, thinking it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties, and to grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, to be applied to the uses and purposes unto which the said rates and duties granted by the abovementioned acts, made in the twenty-fourth' year of the reign of his present Majesty, are now applicable; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the rates and duties granted by an add made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game y shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

......... ^ II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1785, thefoi That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven lowing duties hundred and eighty.five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, shall be paid ancj paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and lefty vfz" fr ue k, s Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several No pprf0n to rates and duties following; that is to say, destroy game,

until he has That every person in Great Britain, who shall use any dog, delivered an gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or destruction of game h?s name°and not anas a gatekeeper under or by virtue of a deputation or appointment duly registered), shall previously deliver in a paper or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person, to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to the sheriff or stewart clerk of the county, riding, ihire, stewartry, or place where such person shall reside, and annually take out a certificate thereof;

That

The recited arepealed

From July i,

place of abode to the clerk of the peace, etc. and taken out a certificate thereof;

1785.1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III g.50. 189

That upon every piece of vellum Or parchment, or sheet or for which he piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any fucfi shall pay an person shall be engrofied, written, or printed, there shall he^^^utyo^ charged adfamp dury of two pounds, two Shillings' ' ' as.

That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper. Deputations granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Eng of gamekeep land, or the dominion of jvale$y shall be registered with the ef^to be re clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place $ and every fhe^lerltof such deputation or appointment, by any proprietor of land in the peace, C Scotland, shall be registered with the sheriff or stewart clerk of the county, stewartry, or place in which the said manor or lands respecrively lie, and the gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a certificate thereof:

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or a certificate piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued- -- person ^ out under any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper, shall be annually, engracted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a tamp charged with

duty of ten Shillings and fixpcnce. a IOS* d...

..... :.

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That, for the better and more effectual levying, collefling, and The duty to paying the said duty herein before granted, the same shall bp be under the under the government, care, and management of the commifii com oners, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties missioners of charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or tamp duties the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to cause such new (lamps to be provided to denote the said duty as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew,, and alter the same from time to time as there shall be occasion, and do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in. execution, with relation to the/aid duties herein before granted, in the like, and in a? full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parch nient, and paper.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven Every person hundred and eighty-five, every person delivering into the office Jfh? shall de of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for the county, riding, fai^an ac" or place, or if in Scotland, into the office of the sheriff or lew count of his art clerk of the county, shire, stewartry, or place where he shall name, and reside, a paper, or account in writing, containing the name and p ace of a place of abode of such person; and every gamekeeper, to whom any such deputation or appointment shall be granted as afore deeper who said, regifterffig the same in manner aforesaid, and respectively fhadregifter requiring a certificate thereon, shall be annually, entitled there bs deputa ^ unto; and such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, ansi such he btannualw1 riff or stewart clerk, shall thereupon issue a certificate, stamped entitled to a

as

tgo

certificate

thereon.

Form of certificate.

Clerk of the peace, C to sign and deliver certificates to such per fan s req airing the lame.

Defaulters herein shall forfeit 20i. for each offence.

Certificates when to be dated and issued.

Clerk of the peace, C who fshalliffiie any certificate contrary to this act, shall forfeit aol.

Certificates issued after Feb. 28, 1785, to continue in force until July 1, 1786.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 50.' [ 1785;

as heroin before is directed, to the effect or form following; that is to say,

IA.B. clerk of the peace for the county of C [or, as the case may happen to be], deputy clerk of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I A. B. jkeriff or Jlewart clerk of the county of C do hereby declare, Thai E. F. bath ibis day delivered into my office a paper, writing or account, containing bis name and place of abode [or, as the case may happen to be], hath this day registered a deputation, whereby he is appointed a gamekeeper by for the

manor or lands of which I do hereby

certify, in pursuance of an act of parliament, paffied in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Third, entitled, An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, CC An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of gameand for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or the said sheriff or stewart clerk, after he shall have signed such certificate, shall forthwith issue the same, stamped as herein before is directed, to the person or persons respectively requiring the same in manner aforesaid; and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, be entitled to demand and receive of and from such pesfon the ' sum of one (lulling for his own trouble in that behalf: and in case any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff or ltewart clerk, shall neglect or refuse to issue to such person or persons as aforesaid, so delivering in such paper or account in writing, or registering such deputation as aforesaid, a certificate properly marked and stamped as herein before is directed, every such clerk of the peace, or sheriff or stewart clerk, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duty payable on such certificate.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every certificate issued by the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the sheriff or stewart clerk, pursuant to this act, shall bear date on the day of the month on which the same shall be issued, and (half endure and remain in force from thence until the first day of July next following the date thereof, and no longer 5 and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or sheriff or stewart clerk, shall issue any certificate to any person otherwise than above directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Turn of twenty pounds.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all certificates which shall have issued on or after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in pursuance of the said herein before fecited ad, shall endure and remain in full force for and during the time for which the same were granted, and until the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

VIII And

x785*]' Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 50. 191

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every person That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven who, after hundred and eighty-five, if any person or persons shall use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or\ill, any * any gun, net, brother engine, for the taking or destruction game, 'with of any hare, pheasant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly called out a'certifi black Game, or growfe, commonly called Red Game, or any other cate, shall far game whatsoever, without having obtained such certificate, in teita0* such'manner as herein before is directed, every such person or persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

. IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven Penalty on hundred and eighty-five, if any person to whom any deputation gamekeepers or appointment of a gamekeeper shall have been, or at any ^e^ifter? time thereafter shall be, granted by any lord or lady of a manor deputations, in England, or the dominion of Wales, or by any proprietor of and to take land m Scotlandy shall, for the space of twenty days next after out certify the said first day of Julyy one thousand seven hundred and cat€8, eighty-five, or for the space of twenty days next after such deputation or appointment shall thereafter be first granted, neglect or refuse to register the same, and take out a certificate thereon, in the manner herein before directed, every such person, not having obtained some certificate as aforesaid, in pur fuance.of this act, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to he recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall make it Not to extend necefftfry for any of the royal family to take out any such certi *° je royal ficate as aforesaid, or shall restrain any person or persons ap ami etc pointed or deputed by them, or any of them, from the using

any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or destruction of game within the forests, chases, parks, warrens, or other royalties to them respectively belonging or appertaining.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, or the sheriff Clerks of the or stewart clerks in their respective counties, ridings, shires, Pcac^> etc. to stewartries, or places, shall, on or before the first day of Novem nuaily tottie bery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or sooner, if stamp office thereunto required by the commissioners of his majesty's lamp correct lists of duties, tranftnit to the head office of (lamps in Londony a cor certificates rect list, in alphabetical order, of the certificates by them issued

the twenty-fifth day of Marchy in the year one thou * seven hundred and eighty-five, and the first day of Oftabery in the same year; and shall also, in every subsequent year, on or before the first day of August, in each such year, whenever they shall be thereunto required by the commissioners of his majesty's lamp duties, make out and transmit to the head office of (lamps in London, correct lists, in alphabetical order, of the certificates so issued by them, diftinguiftling the duties paid on each respective certificate so issued $ on the delivery

thereof.

?9&

on penalty of sol.

Lists to be kept at the office, and may be in fpedted.

Lists to be inserted in newspapers

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 50. [1785;

thereof, the receiver-general of the stamp duties shall pay to every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to every such sheriff or stewart clerk, for the making out and writing any such list, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such person to whom such certificate shall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such list; and in case any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff or stewart clerk, shall neg iedt or refuse to make out such lists as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such list a full, true, and perfect account, as herein be fore directed, of all the persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and sheriff or stewart clerk, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XII And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid. That all the said several lists, upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the said head office of stamps in London, and shall and may, within the office hours, be resorted to and infpedled by any person whatsoever, on payment of one shilling, and no more.

XIII And be it further enacted. That the commissioners of his majesty's stamp duties shall, once or oftener in every year, as soon as conveniently may be after the said lists shall have been so transmitted to them as aforesaid, cause the same to be inserted in the newspapers circulating in each respective county, or in such public newspaper as to them shall seem most proper.

In case of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, etc. the former certificate to be void.

XIV And whereas deputations or appointments of gamehepers> granted as before, may be revoked, be it therefore enacted, That if any lord or lady of a manor in England or Wales, or proprietor of land in Scotland, shall make any. new deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper for any manor or lands in the room of the person already appointed, and to whom any such certificate as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register such new deputation or appointment with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or sheriff or stewart clerk of the county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, in which the manor or lands shall be situate, and shall obtain a new certificate thereon, the first certificate

granted shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null arid void; and the person acting under the same, after notice to him given of such new and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by this act, in the same manner as if no certificate had been granted to such person.

XV And, in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, and. to facilitate the detection of offenders against this act, by compelling the production of the said certificates to persons authorised to demand inspection offthe same; be it therefore Any person enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per in pursuit of sans shall be found using any dog, gun, net, or other engine, ffiau^etufe to or tang or destruction of game, by any other person who produce his obtained a certificate in the manner herein before directed,

certificate it shall and may be lawful for such other person, producing such

eer

He 5d by

t785, ] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii HI. C 50.

certificate, to demand and require from the person so ufirig such dog, gun, net, or other engine as aforesaid, to produce and show a certificate issued to him for that purpose as hereinbefore is directed; and every such person shall, upon such demand and requifnion as aforesaid, produce such certificate to the person so demanding the same, and permit the same to be infpedled accordingly; and if any such person shall wilfully refute to produce and (hew a certificate issued to him.for that purpose, or, not having produced and shewn such certificate, shall refuse, on demand thereof, to give in his chrifiian/and surname, and the pla$e of his residence, or shall give in any false or fictitious name or place of residence, every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificate hereby directed to be iflfued by the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, in the respective counties, ridings, or places in England, or by the sheriff or stewart clerks of the counties, shires, stewartries, or places in Scotland, shall not authorise or enable any person to use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or destruction of game, at any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any law now in being; nor shall give to any person any right to use any greyhound, houn<3, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or destruction of game, urilefs such person shall be duly qualified foto do, under and by virtue of the laws now in being made for the preservation of the game, but shall be liable to the same penalties in all or any of the said laws contained, as if this act had not been made.

when required by any authorised person foto do.

or to tell hig name, and place of a bode, etc. shall forfeit Sol.

Certificates riot to authorise any person to kill game at any time prohibited by 13LWi etc.

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaidj

That no certificate, obtained under any deputation or appoint Certificates fnent of a gamekeeper, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in obtained any case whatsoever, where the person having such certificate tion^nouctb# shall have used or shall use any greyhound, hound, pointer, fet given in evi ting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other en dence for kill gine for the taking or destruction of game, out of or beyond big game out the precincts or limits of the manor or lands for or in respect of °tc* e manor which such deputation or appointment was given and made.

XVIII And whereas there are several cities and towns that are

counties of themselves and have no clerks of the peace to issue the ter tificates herein before directed, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every person reftding in such cities and Clauferelative towns that are counties, shall and may deliver in the paper or tothofecoun accouht in writing, h£rein before directed, to the office of the ^scf^g clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of any county, riding, or place peace;

adjoining to such city or town, who is hereby directed and required so issue his certificate to the person applying for the

same, as is herein before directed, in the same manner as if the person so requiring such certificate resided in the county of such clerk of the peace; and upon neglect or refusal to issue such cer vol. XXXV O tificate

194 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 50. [1785.

tificate as aforesaid, such clerk of the peace shall be liable to r the same penalties as if he had refused or neglected to issue such certificate to any person applying for the same, resident in the county of such clerk of the peace.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Personscoun That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or fe^death as " a^owed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the felons. duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the

impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties, of shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provisions of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat former acts ters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or itemduties as Parlament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parch to be in force ment and paper, shall be in full force and effect with relation in executing to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and this act. put in execution for the raising, levying, colleding, and securing

the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalties how That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons

be jecovfr' for offences committed against this act, may be sued for and ed.and app L recovered in any of his majesty's courts at .Westminstery for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part pf Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (lie shall recover any penalty or penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own use, with costs of suit. Any justice of XXII Provided always, That, from and after the said first day the county, of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall in all offences ancj may ]awfui for any northeast or more justice or justices of the af where the Peace f the county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, city, LI penalty doth berty, or place, wherein any offence or offences against this act: not exceed shall be committed * and such justice or justices is and are here

aol. mayfum ^ required, upon information or complaint to him or them mon the par made

Anno viced mb quinto Georgii ill. d. 50.' tgg

made, to summon the party or parties accused, and also the ties Before witnesses on either side, to appear before him or them; and up him, and de on the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in defaultf^itoaryway^ Of His, her, or their appearance according to such summons, to' y ^

proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible wirnefs or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this at is directed; and to award and issue but his warrants under Penaltiesmif his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and he levied by forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to distress cause sale to be made thereof, irf case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to or the offerid answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common ercommitted gaol, or house of correction, there to remain for the space of six months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such person or persons shall find himself or themselves Persons ag aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he of they grieved may (hail and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value appeal t0 the bf such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall aons^upon" be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to giving propef the justices of the peace at the next general quarter feifions for security. the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet.

XXIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons sum

if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or wit nioned as witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the ^

.. r 1 7-. o i appearing, to

peace, touching any or the matters relative to this act, either ort forfeit iol.

the part of the profecu^or, or of the person or persons accused;

and shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the time and place to be

for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such

his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by fucfi

justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution

shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for

every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid

in such manner and by such means as is herein before directed

as to other penalties.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any of Hovv justices fender shall be convicfted as aforesaid, shall cause the said con vision to be made out in the manner and form following, or qffen(icr8. in any other form of words to the same efsect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say:

0 2

BE

196 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 50. [1785.

Form of con Tj E it remembered, That on the day of

Action. JD in the year of our Lord at

in the county of A. B. came before me CD one of

his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, refeding near the place where the offence was committed, and informed me that E. F .of on .the day of now laji

pajl, didufe a gun, dog, net, or other engine, (as the case may be), for the taking or destruction of game, and did thereby and therewith take, kill, and destroy, a hare, game, (as the case may be),

[here set forth the fact for which the information was laid], without having the certificate required by law for that purpoje; whereupon the said E.F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared 'before me, and having heard the charge contained in the said information declared he was not guilty cf the said offence; (or, as the case may happen to be), did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons, (or did neglefi and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved upon the oath ofg.h. a credible witness, (or as the case may happen to be), acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true: and it manifejlly appearing to me that he the said. F. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information; 1 do therefore hereby convitt him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that hey the said E.F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offences aforesaid, according to the form of the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day of

Justice may mitigate penalties.

No offender agp.inst this act to be imprisoned more than three months.

Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, and Dy him paid into the exchequer.

XXV Provided nevertheless, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said justice or justices, where he or they shall see eause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he or they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, .being always allowed over and above such mitigated penalty, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be remove able by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any person or persons whatsoever to a longer imprisonment than three calendar months, for nonpayment of any fine or penalty to be imposed under the authority of this act.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary changes of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being dedufled)

irito

'

197

i 785.] Anno vicesimo quinto G10RGII III C 51.

into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of Auditor to the auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a ^ookfo^en feook or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said' terjng the du several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, ties separate shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or from all payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any ac other count whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said reapplication ceipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the paymenttherco of the several annuities, and all such other charges and ex pences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an a of the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for raijing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, ond for efablijking a lottery.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Defendants said. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times may plead the be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them general idue, done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants and recover shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plain treble costs, tiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LI

An act for repealing the duties on licences taken Gut by persons luting horses for the purpose of travelling pofl, and on horses let to hire for travelling pof, and by time and on sage coaches; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also additional duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

c7 HERE AS by an act, made in the twentieth year of the Preamble.

V reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for repeal Recital of 20 ing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre Geo. 3- C 51* sent Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain ]

duties on licences to be taken out by all per Jens letting horses to hirey for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by times, and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; arid' for granting other duties in lieu thereof; it was enacted That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand even hundred and eightyy there Should be raised levied, colleftedy and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors the several rates and duties following; [that is to say,) That every pojlttiafter, innkeeper, or other person in Great Britain, who Should let to hire any horfte for the purpose of travel ling post by the mile, or from ft age to Jlage; or being a person ufumy letting horses to hire, Should let to hire for adoyy or any lefts pc

O 3 rioi

X Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. [1785.

f/tfi of timeany borfe for drawing any coach or other carriage, used jn travelling pofi or otherwise, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty under the management of the commissioners of excise for the % time being, then was made payable by any statute then in force, Should yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five billings for a licence for that purpose;; for and in respect of every borfe hired by the mile or Jlage, to be used in travelling pofi in Great Britain, there Should be charged a duty of one penny for every mile such horse Should be hired to travel pofi*, and that for and n respect of every horse hired for a day, or any less period of time, for drawing on a pofi or other public road', any coach or other carriage, used in travelling pofi, or otherwise, in respect whereof any duty under the management of the com tniffioners of excise for the time being, then was made payable by any fiatute then in force, there Should be charged, if the difiance Should be then ascertained, the sum of one penny per mile; and if the dif X tance Should not then be afcertdined, there Should be charged the sum

of one Jhilling and sixpence for and in respect of each horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person or persons by whom such horse Should be so hired: That every person who Should keep any $oacb or other carriage, by what name soever the same then was calied, to be employed as a public Jlage coach or carriage, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, Should yield and pay annually unto h\s Majesty, his heirs and successors, the Jum of five Billings for a licence for that purpose;; that every coach or other carriage, by what name soever called or known, to be employed as public Jlage coaches, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, Should be, and the same were thereby charged with a duty of one halfpenny for every mile such carnage Should travel, to be paid by the owner or owners thereof respectively: and whereas, by an act made in the twenty-third

?% Geo. 3. C year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for 3* granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon stage coaches,

and othep carriages therein mentioned,) it was enacted. That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there Should be ratfed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his ma jefiy, his heirs and successors, upon every coach or other machine, to be employed as a public stagecoach or carriage, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from one place to another in the kingdom of Great Britain, an additional duty of one halfpenny for jevery mile such carriages Should travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and whereas the payment of the said rates and duties have been greatly evacted; we, your majesty's rnofit dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do therefore think that it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties, and to grant'unto your Majesty other rates and duties in lieu thereof, and also additional duties on horses let to hire for the purpose of travelling pofi, and by time 5 do moil humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be e

'* y

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 51. 199

acted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the prom Aug. 1, first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, i785, therates the rates and duties granted by an act, made in the twentieth granted by year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for 20 Geo. 3. C repealing an made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre 51, sent Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by all persons letting horses to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof) and also the additional rate and duty granted by an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, ana5i for granting and z Geo. to his Majesty an additional duty upon page coaches and other carriages 3* C 63* therein mentioned,) shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; except only such moneys as shall have been re repealed, ceived, or shall be payable by the several poftmasters, innkeepers, and other persons, for and on account of the said rates and duties, at any time on or before the said first day of August, and which be unaccounted for and unpaid by them to the several coiledors appointed by virtue of the acts to receive the same.

II Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared,

That the several bonds, given in pursuance of the said acts, or Bonds given either of them, shall continue and be of full force and efsect, in pursuance with respect to all duties due and owing by virtue of the said recited acts, and also with respect to the several duties by this a * ad granted, and all matters and things therein contained.

III And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the and licences several licences granted in pursuance of the said acts, shall con granted, etc. tinue in full foree and efsect, for and during the periods for t continue in which the same have been respectively granted; and that the force several appointments made by the commissioners of stamps to

the several persons appointed coiledors of the said duties, shall remain and continue in full force, until revoked by the said com mi ft] oners.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand New <*ut*e9‘ seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, col lededj and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say,)

, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person in Great Every post britain, who shall let to hire any horse for the purpose of tra matter, etc. veiling post by the mile, or from stage to stage, or being a per shall Jet son usually letting horses to hire, shall let to hire for a day, or for travelling any less period of time, any horse for drawing any coach or post, for an other carriage used in travelling post, or otherwise. by whatfo annual LI

O 4 ever cence> s

2oq> Anno vicesimo quiato Georgii IIL g 51. [ 1785.,

ever name such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in rejped whereof any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, are or have been made payable by any statute or statutes now in force shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose:

Every person That for and in respect of every horse hired by the mile of

hiring horses stage, to be used in travelling post in Great Britain, there shall to travel post, be cfoarged a duty pf pne penny halfpenny for every mile such each^orfe', horse ^*11 be hired to travel post:

y d. halfpenny And that for and in refpetft of every horse hired for a day, or per mile; any less period of time, for drawing on any pubjick road any coach or other carriage used in trayelling, post, or otherwise, by whatsoever name such carnages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any rates or duties,, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excifey are or have been made payable by any statute or fta- tutesnow in force, there shall be charged, if the distance shall be pr is. 9 d. per then ascertained, the sum of one penny halfpenny per mile; and if day, where the distance shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the sum of one shilling and nine pence for and in respect of each horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person or persons by whom such horse shall be so hired :

That every person who shall keep any coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calash, cbaife marine, chaise, diligence or other carriage with four wheels, or any calash, chaise, chair, or other carriage with two wheels, by vyhat name soever the same now is or hereafter r shall be called or known, to be employed as riage, foi car public stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying inftde°palrenl r p^engers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom gers, for hire, of Great Britain shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, pr any stage his heirs and successors, the sum of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose:

And that every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise' ' or other carriage with four wheels or any calash, chaise, chair, or other carriage with two wheels, by what name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called pr known, to be employed as publipk stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire, to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby charged with a duty of one penny for every mile such carriage or carriages as aforesaid shall travel, to be paid by the owner pr owners thereof respectively.

the distance shall not be ascertained:

Every person keeping a diligence, post coach, or other fout wheeled car

coach, etc. shall pay annually 58. for a licence;

and shall also pay id. for every mile such carriage shall travel.

h r..,, V And, for the better and more effectual railing, levying, tie/tobe im cohe&ing, and paying the said rates and duties herein before der the ma granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and nagement of management of the commissioners for the time being appointed the commis to manag€ the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and stamp^duhes successors, and charged on damped vellum parchment, and

4 papery

1785-} Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.51. 201

paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under thenv for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or (lamps as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same from time to time as there shall be occasion; and to do all other als, matters, and things necessary to be done for. putting this act in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and. in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in .execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VI And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty on first day of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, personalet* no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, travst unless he or she be authorised and enabled, in the manner here p0ft5etc.with in after prescribed, let out any horse for hire, either by the out a licence, mile or stage, or to draw any coach, berlin, landau, chariot,

ealafh with four wheels, or any calash, chaise, or chair with two wheels, or any other carriage used in travelling port, or otherwise, by whatsoever name such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, (upon which any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, are or have been reserved or made payable,) for a day, or less period of time, upon pain to forfeit, for every fuclr offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VII And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Any two passing of this act, any two or more of his majesty's commiffi commission oners, appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps ftasnfp.(iutie8, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or some person duly author 0rperson au * rifed by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall ap thorifedby ply for the same, to let out horses for hire, in the manner them, may aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place within Great Bri forle^tin^out tain for the space of one year, to commence from the said first horses to hire, day of Auguji^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five,

upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of Juguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all and every person or persons who shall take out such licence for letting out horses for hire, in manner, aforesaid,

shall take out a frerti licence for another year, ten days at least before the expiration of that year for which he, (he, or they shall be so licensed, if he, (he, or they shall continue to let out horses for hire in manner aforesaid;; shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licences, as long as hebe,, or they shall pontinue to let out horses for hire in manner aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enabled, That no postmaster, inn No person t keeper, Qr other gerfon what foe ver, licensed 01? to be licensed keep more

by

202

than one inn, etc. for letting horses, by virtue of one licence, on penalty of aol.

Licensed innkeepers, etc. to cause certain words to be painted on the fronts of their houses, etc. before they let horses for hire;

on penalty of 51-

Innkeepers, etc. who furnish carriages to travel post, shall affix their names, and their place of abode, on some conspicuous part thereof;

on penalty of 51-

Innkeepers, etc. who furnish carriages to travel for 2 day, or less period of time, shall affix, upon fomc canfpi*

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. [1785.

by authority of this act, shall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one inn, house, or other place for letting horses for the purposes aforesaid; but for each and every inn, house, or other place, which any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall keep for the purposes aforesaid, a separate and distinct licence shall be taken out and paid for by such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person; upon pain to forfeit, for every inn, house, or other place, so kept by him, her, or them, not licensed as aforesaid, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein is directed.

IX And be it further enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed to let horses as herein be fore mentioned, shall cause the words (Licensed to let Post Horses) to be painted or written in legible characters, either on a (ign hung out, or in some visible place in the front of his, her, or their house, (tables, or out offices, at the respective places at which he, (he, or they let out horses to hire as aforesaid, to denote that such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, is a letter or furnifher of horses, and authorised to furnifti travellers with the same, pursuant to law : and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to let out horses for hire, as herein before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

X And be it further enacted, That every person so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they furnish his, her, or their own chaises, or other carriages, at the same time with such horses let to hire to travel post as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside pannel of each door of the chaise, or other carriage so furnished, his, her, or their christian and surname, and the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, in letters of a colour distinct from the colour of the carriage, each letter at lead one inch in length, and continue the same thereupon, as long as such chaise or carriage shall be soused; and if any person or persons shall neglect or omit to mark or paint the same, as herein before is directed, or shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, any false or fictitious name, or place of abode, on such chaise or other carriage, he, (he, or they shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds.

XI And be it further enacted. That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, if he, (he, or

they furnish his, her, or their own coaches, berlins, landaus, t chariots, calasties, chaises, or other carriages with four wheels, or any cala(h, chaise, chair, or other carriage aforesaid with two wheels, at the same time with such horses let to hire for a day, or less period of time, for drawing on any public road, where such carriages shall have a box, or other outside seat for the

driver

'

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51j 203

driver thereof, shall affix upon some conspicuous part of the cuous part footboard, or other part of such box or seat, a brass or tin thereof, a plate, on which there shall be marked or engraved the christian brass or tin and surname of every such owner or owners, and the jiame ofgaining ^ the city, town, and place, of his, her, or their abode, in large names6and and legible characters, and continue the same thereon, and replaces of place the same as often as occasion shall require, during the abode time such coach, or other carriage, as aforesaid shall be soused; and where such carriages so furnished as aforesaid shall not have a box or other outside seat for the driver thereof, shall affix upon a conspicuous part of the pole, (haft, or splinter bar of every such carriage as aforesaid, a brass or tin plate, upon which there shall be marked or engraved the christian and surname of every such owner or owners, together with the name of the city,; town, or other place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible charadiers, and continue the same thereon, and replace the same as often as occasion shall require, during the time any such carriage as aforesaid shall be soused: and if any person or Penalty on persons shall omit or neglect foto do, or mark or engrave, or neglect, etc. cause to be marked or engraved, any false or fidlitious name or, place of abode, on any such plate foto be affixed on any such coach, berlin, landau, chariot, chaise, or other carriage as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall forfeit, for every such offence the sum of five pounds.

XII And be it further enacted, That the said commission commissioners appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on 8 vellum, parchment, and paper, shall, at the time of issuing deliver, to such licence as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered to every person every postmaster, Jnnkeeper, or other person so licensed, print taking out a ed or written papers, (entitled, stamp office Weekly Accounts,) in ed^written which shall be inserted the day of the week, and blanks left for papers: the number of horses and miles, and name of the town or place to which such horses shall be hired to go 5 and also for the day of the month, and the names of the postillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after direcied, according to the following form, or such other form as the said commiffiori* ers shall judge convenient for keeping such accounts.

Stamp

Art no vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. [1785.

stain|)*office Weekly Aecount.

A. B. of C

Month and Day, Week and Day. Names ofpoftllli&ns or Drivers,

A. S. C D. E. F. G.H. /. - M. Names of places to which the Horses are hired to go. Duty.

No. of No. of No. of No. of No. of \ No. of. - -

Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses; Miles. Horses. Miles;

Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednejday Thursday Friday Saturday; "

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 51 205

And shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a number of And also cer* tickets, on which shall be printed or written the words Stamp tain tickets. office) and also the word (Horses) and 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, in figures, as the tickets may be intended to denote the numbers; and likewise the word (milesj except where the horses are hired for a day, or any less period of time, and then, instead of the word {milesj the words (For a Day) shall be inserted, and also the amount of the duty, at and after the rate of one Shilling and nine pence for each horse, according to the number of horses expressed by figures on such tickets, and shall take especial care that all persons so licensed shall be sufficiently fur niftied with such accounts and tickets; and in case any officer Penalty on employed in the execution of this at, in relation to the said officers make rates and duties, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to do or per ingdefault. form any matter or thing by this act required or directed to be done dr performed by him, whereby any of his majesty's fub jets shall or may ftiftain any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall be liable, in any action to be founded on this statute, to answer to the party aggrieved all such damages, with treble costs of suit.

XIII And it is hereby further enacted, That each and every Poftmatfers, postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed to let horses for the purpose aforesaid, Avail, at the time of receiving his, her, ij^nc^to* or their first licence, give security, by bond, to his Majesty, his give security heirs and successors, in the sum of fifty pounds, with a conditi for the rede on that he, (he, or they will, whenever thereunto required, ll^ery of tick redeliver, or cause to be redelivered, the lamp office tickets covntedior which he, (he, or they may have received, and that may etc. *

remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them, or will pay the money due thereon; and that he, (he, or they will also deliver to the person or persons properly authorised, by the com midioners appointed for managing the duties arising by damps on vellum, parchment, and paper, to iqfped the same, and to receive the money due thereon, the damp office accounts so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out, figaed, and atteded, as herein after directed, and make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this at; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the directions, matters, and things, herein contaiped, on his, her, or their behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of the nonperformance or breach of such condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or the persons so appointed by them, to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to law; and in case of judgement against the defendant, the said commissioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to such person, against whom such judgement shall be obtained, any licence to let horses as aforesaid in future.

XI Vv And, to prevent any disputes arising at what rate or value the tickets Avail be settled which may have been delivered.

2, q6 Anno Vicesimo ^uinto Georgii III C 51. fr785/

ad, in pursuance of this at, to the poftmasters, innkeepers, of others, and which may remain unaccounted for by him, her, of Ticketsunac them, be it enacsted, That such tickets shall be valued in accounted for, count, and paid for, in case of any deficiency, at and after the how to be rate of one shilling and nine pence for each horse, according to valued. the number of horses expressed by figures on such tickets, and in the receipt given by such poftmaftess, innkeepers, or other persons for the same.

Poftmasters, XV And be it further enacted. That all and every post etc. letting matter, innkeeper, of other person licensed as aforesaid, who travel0poft t0 et ors to hire by the me of stage t0 he used in shall receive, travelling post, shall, by themselves or fefvants, previous to the for the use of using such horse or horses, ask, demand, and receive, for the his majesty, use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the hiring the^°ns person or perf°ns hiring the same, the sum of one penny half famefid.aq. Penny per mile for each mile such horse shall be so hired to tra for every mile vel, at and after the rate or number of miles which he, (he, or each horse is they shall charge such traveller or travellers for the stage or dicto travel; tance such horse may be hired to go; arid shall, at the same and shall deli time he or she receives payment of the duty for such horse or jamp office horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or per tickets pro fens hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp perly filled up. office tickets herein before mentioned, as occasion shall require, and to which such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to be added if an innkeeper, the riame of his signor house; if not an innkeeper, his or her name; and he shall also insert the riame of the city, town, or place where such licensed person resides, and the name of the town or place to which such horses may be hired to go; and if to London, the name of the street, square, or place in London; and in words or figures thd month, and day of the month, and the number of miles, for which such horse or horses are so hired: and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other peiton, under pretence of there not being any turnpike or tollbar upon the road through which he may bd hired to go, or, under any other pretence whatsoever, shall Penalty on neglect to ak, demand, and receive the said duty of one penny neglect there halfpenny per mile from such person or persons hiring such °*' horse or horses, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the ticket V

or tickets, filled up as herein before directed, to such person or persons so hiring the horses as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if hey (he, or they, had actually received the same.

Travellers to XVI And be it further enacted. That all and every fra deliver their veller or travellers to whom the tickets, whereon shall be exr tickets at the pressed the number of miles, shall be delivered as aforesaid, if turnpike they shall pass through any turnpike or tollbar, shall, at the through. ^ turnpike, tollbar, or bridge, at which any toll shall be

by law collected, through which he, (he, or they shall pass, e deliver,

207

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.51.

deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets so given to him, her, or them at the place where he, (he, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to demand, and to receive and file; and if any traveller or traveliers, so going pod Penalty on as aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such ticket or tickets, neglect, or shall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, properly filled up, as herein before is directed, he, she, or they shall, before such horses be permitted to pass through such turnpike or tollbar, pay for every horse hired and used by such traveller or travellers the sum of one shilling and nine pence, which the gate keeper is hereby authorised to ak and demand, and not permit such horse or horses to pass till he, (lie, or they shall have paid the same, or produced such ticket or tickets as aforesaid.

XVII And be it further enacted, That no traveller shall be No traveller compelled to pay for a greater number of miles than shall be to pay for expressed upon the ticket by this act directed to be issued to [^^ftfalfbe such traveller; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person expressed up so licensed as aforesaid, shall insert in such ticket the name of on his ticket, any other town or place than the town or place to which the Penalty on horses shall be hired to go, or shall fill up a less number of poftmasters, miles than the number charged to such traveller, every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so offending, shall forfeit and tickle?? pay the sum of ten pounds; and the said commissioners shall, if they think fit, after conviction of such offender, refuse to grant such offender any licence in future.

XVIIL And whereas pojlmajlers, innkeepers, and other persons, add the number of miles upon, the tickets issued by them to persons travelling post, according to the distance of the sage, yet nevertheless charge the traveller a sum of money not at or after any certain ra te per mile under a pretence that the sum so charged is their price for theftage \ be it therefore enacted, That where any ticket shall Clause rela be issued, with the number of miles expressed thereon, and the tive to charg* postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so issuing the same, shall in? tr*cc!!e'r8‘ charge the traveller a specific sum by the stage, and not at or fu£e£y the after the usual or any certain rate per mile, in every such case, stage, and such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall be account not by the able for one fourth part of the pnoney so received by him, her, my or them, as and for the duty by this act directed to be paid; and (hail, in that case, express on the said ticket the money charged to such traveller, and enter in the weekly account, herein before directed to be kept, one fourth part of the money so received, and pay the same to the collector or collectors appointed by this act to receive and collect the said duties; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall act contrary hereto, he, (he, or they shall, for every offence, forfeit ana pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIX And be it further enacted, That all and every post Poftmasters, master, innkeeper, and other person so licensed as aforesaid, ctc* lettin8

who

os

out horses to travel by the day, etc shall receive, for the use of his Majesty, of the persons hiring them, id. halfpenny for every mile each horse is to travel, or is. 9d. for each horse, where thedif tance shall not be ascertained;

and shall deliver to them stamp office tickets properly filled up. Penalty on poftmasters, etc. for neg lets.

day tickets to be delivered at the first turnpike;

in return for which the gate keeper shall give an exchange ticket,

anno vscefimo quinto Georgii III C 5i. [1785.' who shall let to hire any horse or horses by the day or less period of time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or servants, previous to such horse or horses being used, ask, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons hiring the same, the futa of one penny halfpenny per mile for each mile such horse or horses shall be so hired to go, where the distance shall be ascertained, and where the distance shall not be ascertained, then the sum of one shilling and nine pence for each horse so hired, previous to such horse or horses being used; and shall, at the same time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or persons so hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp office tickets herein before mentioned, with the words (for a Day,) inserted therein, as occasion shall require; and to which every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an innkeeper, the name of his signor house, if not an innkeeper, his or her name; and he shall also infertthe name of the city, town, or place where such licensed person resides, and, in words or figures, the month, and day of the month; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall neglect to ask, demand, and receive the said duty of one penny halfpenny per mile, or one shilling and nine pence for each horse, as the case shall happen to be, from such person or persons hiring the same, or shall neglecft or refuse to deliver the ticket or tickets so filled up as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if he, she, or they had actually received the same.

XX And be it further enacted, That every person or persons, to whom such day ticket as aforesaid shall be delivered, if he, (he, or they shall, in the course of the day for which such ticket shall be given, pass through any turnpike, tdll bar, or over any bridge (where any toll is collected by virtue of any at or acts of parliament), shall, at the first turnpike, tollbar, or bridge, through which he, !he, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gatherer there, the day ticket or tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, (he, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said toll gatherer is hereby directed to demand, and to receive and file; and in return for such day ticket or tickets, every such person or persons shall receive from the said toll gatherer a ticket, (called An Exchange Ticket), to be supplied from the stamp office, which shall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike or tollbar shall be, and the words (Received day ticket); and also the number of horses according to the figures expressed in such day ticket, together with the name of the city, town, or place, at which such day ticket was given, and some mark or number, denoting the particular day in which such exchange ticket was issued, in printed or written tetters or figures;

1785.3 Anno vicesimo qu|nto Georgii III C 5*. 209

gures; fvhich said exchange tickets the foid toll gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to such person or persons gratis, in return For such day ticket so left with him as aforesaid; and which which shall be said exchange ticket so delivered shall be shewn by such person (bewnatevery Or persons at every turnpike or tollbar, through which lie, (he, or they shall afterwards on that day pass with such horse or ^av# s horses for which such day ticket shall have been given: and if Penalty on any person or persons, to whom such day ticket or tickets shall travellers not * be delivered as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to leave the same at such first turnpike as aforesaid, or shall refuse to show ic *

the ticket, so given to him, her, or them in exchange, at every turnpike or tollbar, through which he, (he, or they shall on that day pass as aforesaid, he, ihe, or they shall pay, for every horse then used by him, her, or them, the sum of one shilling and nine pence, before such horse or horses shall pass through such turnpike, tollbar, or bridge, the gatekeeper or toll gatherer there is hereby authorised to ask, demand, receive, and retain the same to his own use; and where the name of ilie owrier of the carriage shall be marked on the footboard or seat, or pole, (haft, or splinter bar, as herein before is directed to be done, when the carriage is let out to hire at the same time with the horses, then such gatekeeper or toll gatherer shall not permit fdch'horse or horses to pass through until such traveller shall have paid the same, or left such day ticket or tickets, or shall have produced and shewn such exchange ticket, as aforesaid.

XXI And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty on persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, the brass or tin j aching off the plate, herein before directed to be affixed on carriages used as ^oned'braf8 hefein before mentioned, with an intent to evade the payment or tin pate, of the ddty, or the furxi of one shilling and nine pence for each in order to horse to be paid at the turnpike or tollbar, as herein before is ev3de pay directed; every such person or persons so offending, shall for ™uety^°fthe feit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied y 9

in the same manner as the other penalties in this act are directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII And be it further enacted. That in case any carriage, and on dri iipon Which any brass or tin plate is directed to be affixed as versofcarri aforesaid? shall pass through any turnpike or tollbar, without throu^any having such brass 6r tin plate then affixed thereon, in the man turnpike her herein before directed, the driver or drivers of every such without such carriage shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be re plate covered and Applied in the manner herein after appointed.

XXIII And, in order to prevent evasions in the filling up the said tickets, where the horses are hired to return in a less period of time than two days, and the difiancejhall be ascertained, be it enacted. That where any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, How tickets shall let to hire any horse or horses as aforesaid to return in a T thaq less period of time than two days, and the number of miles, b/filled instead of the words (For a day shall be inserted in such ticket, Up. every licehfed postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall fill up the name of. the .place to which the horses are hired to go,

m. XXXV P and

zio

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. [1785.

and the true number of miles, ascertaining the distance both going to and returning from the place expressed in such ticket; and in default of not tilling up the said ticket, as herein before is directed, every such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and moreover be chargeable with the said duty to his Majesty, his heirs and fuo ceffors, in the same manner as if he or she had actually received the same.

Defcriptionof the certificates to be delivered to travellers who shall hire horses for two days, or more.

Such certificate to be delivered at the first turnpike;

for which the gate keeper shall give a check ticket.

If traveller

oegledt to take such certificates, etc.

they shall pay is. 9d. for each horse, which the gate keeper may retain to his own use.

XXIV Jndj in order to prevent frauds where horses Shall be let to hire for two or more days, be it enacted. That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, when he shall let to hire for two days, or a. longer space of time, any horses for drawing any carriage as aforesaid, on any public road, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person travelling in such carriage, or to the driver thereof, a note or certificate, to be supplied from the stamp office, on which shall be engraved or printed (Hired for Two or more Days), and to which such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person shall add the day of the month, the name of the place of his abode, and the number of days for which the said horses shall be hired, and the name and place of abode of the person hiring the same, and the person travelling in such carriage, or the driver thereof, shall, at the first turnpike, or other place where toll is by law collected, if he, (he, or they shall pass through any, deliver to the toll gate keeper there the note or certificate so given to him or her as aforesaid, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to ask and demand, and to receive .and file; and in return for such note or certificate, the toll gate keeper shall deliver a ticket, called (The Check Ticket to be supplied from the stamp office, which shall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike or tollbar shall be, and the words (Certificate delivered), and also the name of the town or place whence such note or certificate iflii ed, together with some mark or number denoting the particular day on which such check ticket was issued, in printed or written letters or figures; which said check ticket the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to deliver to such person or persons gratis, in return for such note or certificate fq left with him as aforesaid, and which said check ticket, so delivered, shall be shewn by the driver of such carriage, or same therein, to

the toll gatherer at every turnpike or tollbar through which the said horses may have occasion to pass: and if any person or persons, so hiring such horses for the purposes aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such note or certificate as above specified, or shall neglect or refuse to leave the same at such first turnpike or tollbar as aforesaid, or shall refuse to (hew, at the several turnpikes or toll bars through which he shall pass, the check ticket so given to him by the toll gate keeper as aforesaid, such traveller or travellers shall pay for every horse then used by him or her the sum of one shilling and nine pence before such horses be permitted to pass such turnpike or tollbar, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby authorised to alk, demand, and

receive.

17$5*1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.51.

receive, and retain to his own use, and not permit such horses to.pals.till such travellers shall have paid the fameyor produced such note or certificate, or such check ticket as aforesaid; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, orother person, shall, in such note or certificate, insert any false or fictitious name or place of his or her abode, or shall wilfully insert therein any fictitious name, or place of abode of the person hiring such horses, or shall, in letting out such horses for the purposes aforesaid, by any device or collusion, pretend to let, out his horses for a longer space of time than the time for which the same were actually hired, with an intent to evade the duty hereby imposed, such pofl> master, innkeeper, or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and the said commissioners shall, if they think fit, after convichon of such offender, refuse to grant such offender any licence in future.

XXV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every horse hired for the purpose of drawing any carriage as aforesaid for any less period of time than two successive complete days, shall be deemed, for the purposes of this act, to be hired for a day, and shall be subject to all the rules, regulations, and restrictions, as horses hired for a day, or less period of time, for drawing such carriages as aforesaid, are by this.acl made liable and subject to.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforfaid.

That every toll gate keeper who shall have received any of the day tickets, or the notes or certificates for two or more days, as herein before mentioned, and shall refuse to give any traveller or travellers gratis, the tickets hereby directed to be given in exchange, or who shall deliver the exchange ticket or check ticket, without having received in lieu thereof the lamp office day ticket, or the note or certificate for two or more days, as herein before mentioned; or who shall make, or permit or suffer to be made, any alteration in any of the tickets hereby directed to be filed by him or her, after such tickets shall have Come to his or her custody, or shall deliver any of the tickets directed to be received "and filed by him or her, to any person or persons .other than the person or persons duly authorised as herein after mentioned to receive the same, he; or (he shall, for every suchoffence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed. 1

XXVII And it is hereby.further enacted. That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed to let horses as aforesaid, shall insert, in the account herein before specified' ' delivered to him, her, or them, from the lamp office, the number of. horses used in travelling poll, and the number of miles for which.such horses shall have been soused, and the name of'the town or place to which such horses were hired to go; also the number of .horses let to hire for $ day, or any less period of time;; and also the note or certificate so issued by them as'aforesaid, and" the day of the month on which he said day ticket were ofcd,. or such note or certificate was issued, toge

P 2 there

2 II

Penalty on poftmasters, &c.delivering false certificates, C

Horses hfredl for any less time than two days, shall be deemed to be hired for one day.

Penalty on gate keepers for neglect of duty.

Enumeration of particulars to be inserted, by poftmaf ters, etc. in the account to be delivered them from the stamp office.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. £1785.

there with the names of the postilions or drivers employed; which said account shall be' signed by such postmaster, inn'

'or other person so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed by the hostler, or other servant employed in preparing and getting ready such horses, and shall be open, when required, to the inspection of any person or persons duly authorised under the hands and Teals of the said commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, to inspect the At what times same; and such postmaster, innkeeper, and other person soli licensed per cenfefi ?s aforesaid, residing in the city of London or liberty of in^ondorfor Westminster, shall, the first Tuesday or Wednesday in every month, Westminster, and such other person so licensed as aforesaid, residing within or within five five miles of the head office for (lamps, or within the bills of orin^h^bh^‘mortality, shall, the first Thursday or Friday in every month, or of mortality, at ot^er times as may be appointed by the said commiffi (bali deliver oners, on public notice given in the Gazette, bring in and de theiraccounts liver to the commissioners, or to the person or persons appoint the ttamp' ed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the head o ce, etc. office, the accounts herein before directed for the four weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such day of delivery, and shall, at the same time, pay such sum and sums of money which shall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for collecting the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, at the head office, upon pain of forfeiting ten pounds for every default in not delivering in such account, and double the amount of the money so due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties for the nonpayment thereof.

Where and > XXVIII And it is hereby further enacted, That every post when licensed tnafler, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, not fn ouier parts re^*ng whhin the cities of London or Westminjiery or within of the king-r five miles of the same, or within the bills of mortality, shall, at dom shall de such times and places to be appointed for that purpose as here jiver their in after mentioned, produce and deliver the accounts herein accounts, etc, before directed for the weeks ending on the Saturday preceding fach delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the person or persons duly authorised and commissioned, under the hands and seals of three of the said commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to receive such accounts, and the money due thereon; arid at the same time pay to such person or persons all sum and Turns of money, which shall appear to be due upon such accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for every default in not delivering such accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, For the said rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

Poftmasters, XXIX And be it further enacted, That every postmaster,

etc. to enter innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, shall enter, thdr^weekly 01 he entered, in his weekly account, the tickets, notes.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinta gegrgii III c.51. 213

or certificates, so issued by him, her, or them, on the day in account on which the same shall be issued; and if any postmaster inn. the day they keeper,, or other person, (hail date any of the porting tickets or were issued, day tickets, or. any note or certificate, by him or her delivered as aforesaid, in any other manner than as the same shall', at the time of such delivery, be entered in his or her weekly account or accounts, he, (he, or they shall, for every such offence, for on penalty of feit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered and ap 40sf plied as herein after is directed.

XXX And it is hereby further enacted, That every port Penalty on

master, innkeeper, or other perfpn, fp licensed as aforesaid, who postmaster' ' be guilty of any wilful concealment, or making false ac endeavour to counts, or any other fraudulent contrivance, device, or pretence defraud his whatsoever, with an intent or design to defraud his Majesty,, his heirs and successors, of any of the rates or duties imposed rates imppfed by this at, or any part thereof, such postmaster, innkeeper, or by;

other person, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds,, to be recovered as herein after directed; and the said commissioners shall

and may, if they shall so think fit, after judgement obtained against such offender,, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

XXXI And, in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, by permitting carriages, conveying persons post, to be drawn by horses which have paid the duty for the ft age, under pretence of such horses being upon the return home; be it further enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, Everypofl> who. shall take the hire for such horses by the mile, or from

stage to stage, shall be considered as the person to whom the t^e°hire for ' duties herein before granted shall be paid, and shall be charge. horses travel able, with, and accountable for the same, as if such postmaster, lingpost, (bail innkeeper, or other person, was the actual proprietor of such horses, although the same may belong to, and be the property of any other licensed postmaster, innkeeper, or other person.

XXXII And) in order to prevent evading the payment of the duties hereby, granted upon horses hired by the mile or stage, under the pretence of the letting such horses for a day, or any less period of time,

be it enacted, That no postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, poftma at'whose inn, house, or other place kept for letting horses to ^ofchouw hire, any; traveller or travellers shall change horses, shall let to ^1y°traveller' hire any horse or horses to such traveller or traveliers, in any shall change other manner than by the mile or stage; and if any postmaster, horses, shall innkeeper, or other person, shall at contrary hereto,, he,. (He, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum han the of ten pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned. mile or stage.

XXXIII And in order to prevent any obstruction or inconvenience to traveliers, from the name of the town or place to which the horses may be hired to go, being inserted in the ticket as herein before

is directed; be it ertacted, That where any postmaster, innkeeper, where*inn or other person so licensed as aforesaid, at whose inn, house, or keepers can other place, any traveller or travellers shall apply to change not furnish horses, if he or she cannot furpifh horses to convey such tta travellers

P 3 vellers *

414 Anno vicefiriio quinto Georgm iii*'c. 51. [1785.

they are to vellers on their journey, when applied to for that purpose, such give them a postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall and is hereby di pr/oper\y filled re<^ec* to t0 any traveller requiring the same, a frefti ticket up, etc. properly filled up, and receive the duty due thereon, and charge himself or herself therewith, in the same manner as if the horses had been hired from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person.

XXXIV And for the encouragement of the toll gate keepers to be attentive and vigilant in the execution of this and as a com

toll gate penfation for their trouble; be it enacted, That all and every toll peepers to gate keeper shall be, and is hereby authorised to demand and M the receive from the collector, or other person appointed to get in pound for all the same, to whom he, (he, or they shall deliver the day tickets tickets they and posting tickets, in the manner herein after directed and shall deuvcr prescribed, the sum of threepence for every pound sterling, toco e ors. w|jjcj1 the duties Upon any such tickets shall amount unto, and tand after that rate for any less sum than a pound sterling; and such collector, or other person, is hereby authorised to pay and allow the same accordingly; and that such allowance of threepence in the pound shall be over and above the allowance or privilege hereby given to such toll gate keepers of retaining the money by him, her, or them, collected from, such traveller pr traveliers, person or persons, who shall not, pursuant to this acct, have delivered the tickets to such toll gate keeper as aforesaid.

XXXV Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby en whereand g£fced. That all and every toll gate keeper shall, for the com when the penfation and allowance aforesaid, bring, orcaufe to be brought, 'keepers2shall tic^ets herein before mentioned, by him or her received, bringthefaid if within five miles of the head office for (lamps, then to the tickets. said head office there, or to such other place, within the bills of

morrality, as the commissioners of the lamp duties shall appoint; and if beyond the diilance of five miles from the head office, then to such places, and at such times, as the collector, appointed to coliedl such tickets, shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, such tickets to the collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

Penalty on XXXVI And be it further enacted, That all and every toll gate toll gate keeper, who shall have received such lamp office ^xntdeu tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought, vcrup tickets such tickets at the times and'places aforesaid, shall, upon de on demand; mand made at .the gate of such turnpike or tollbar, deliver such tickets to the collector to be appointed by the said com rniffioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, as aforesaid; and if any toll gate keeper shall refuse to deliver up all and every such lamp office tickets so received by him or her, upon such demand as aforesaid, every toll gate keeper shall, for each ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XXXVII And be it further enacted, That if any tollgate

^

vjoo^lc

1785 ] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. 215

keeper shall wilfully neglect to aft and demand, or shall refuse or who shall to receive, from any person or persons, any ticket or tickets ne^left totv hereby directed to be delivered to such toll gate keeper as afore £0* tickets laid, or dial! negletff or refuse to file the same when delivered, required by every such toll gate keeper, so wilfully neglecting to ask and this act. demand, or refusing to receive and file such tickets, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in manner herein after directed.

XXXVIII And, in order to prevent any collujion or fraudulent praflices in toll gate keepers, be it enacted. That in case any toll gate keepers gatekeeper shall ask, demand, or receive, or agree to take 0r fraudulently accept any less sum or sums of money than he or she is hereby tbanpthey are authorised to ask, demand, and receive, and retain to his own authorised to use, every such toll gate keeper shall, for every such offence, demand, for forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered and aos* applied in the manner herein after appointed.

- XXXIX And whereas there are many public roads on which there are no turnpikes, so that the tickets dire fled to be issued by the several pojimajiers, and other persons, cannot be received and filed as dire fled by this act, whereby great frauds are prafllfed\ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commission commissioners appointed to manage the duties on damped vel ^ar^ancf^ lum, parchment, and paper, to erect bars and gates across any acrofg public road, for the receipt of the tickets directed to be issued public roads, in purfuanee of this act, and to place a person or persons thereat, and appoint

who shall have, and are hereby invested with the same power.

., n, 3. « 1 r ceive tickets,

and authority, to collect anu receive the tickets, notes, or cer etc

tificates so issued, and to demand the money from the traveliers, t

for not .producing and showing the same, as the turnpike men

are authorised by this acto Collect, demand, and receive, and

to be liable and subject to the same penalties for anything

done contrary to this at, as the turnpike men are subject and

liable to.

XL And be it further enabled. That all and every post Where postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so Jicenfed as aforesaid, not masters, etc residing within five miles of the head office for stamps, nor of the bills within the bills of mortality, shall, at the times and at the of mortality, places to be mentioned at the foot of the first licence granted to etc. are to at

him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, and after Pa

wards at the foot of every receipt which shall be given by the counts?" collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the said duties, attend and there deliver in and pass his account, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them as aforesaid, to the cojle&or so appointed to collect the same : provided that no such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the payment of the said duties, or other cause whatsoever, touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live jn a market town, out of the said town; or .if )ievshe, or they live out of a market town, then to no .other place than to the market town nearest to his, her, or their habitation.

P 4. XLI Provided

?i6

Th s aft not to extend to horses used in hackney coaches, etc.

AH horses hired by the mile, or stage, to be deemed hired to travel poll.

On the death of any licensed postmaster, etc. his executors, etc. shall not be liable to any penalty for letting horses to hire, provided they tajke out a licence within 30 days after his death.

After Aug. i, 2785, every postmaster, etc. on delivering his accounts, shall make oath tq the truth thereof.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii HL C gu [1785*

XLI Provided alfq, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con ftryed to extend, to any horses used in hackney, coache^, ljcen fed pursuant to several acts of parliament made for that puq?o(p, where the horses drawing such hackne)'.coaches, shall he employed to go no greater distance than ten niles from the cities of London or tvejiminjter^ and, the suburbs thereof.

XLII And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that every hovfe, hired by the mile or stage, shall be deemed to be. hired to travel post, within the true intent and meaning of this act, although the person or persons hiring the same do not go, or travel several stages upon a post road, or change horses; and although at the stage or place, at or to which such horses (half be hired, there shall not be any post house; and although there, shall not be any post settled or establi(hed on the road, of any, part thereof, upon which such horses shall be hired tp.gq; anything herein before contained, or any law or, usage, to tfip contrary notwithft.aoding.

XLIIL And be it further enacted, That if any postmaster.. or other person, licensed to let horses in manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for his or her executors, administrators, or other persons fueeqeding to such inn, house, or other place, to let horses to^ire in manner afopefajd, until such time as such person shall procure such licence and give such security as herein before directed, without hying liable to the penalty herein before inflicted upon thy persons, letting horses to hire vyitfiout being licensed in that behalf, provided that such licence be taken out within thirty days after the death of Such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person j ancf such person or persons shall be subjeeft tp the same rules, regulatipn^, and charges, and liable to account, and to. the payment of the same rates apd duties imposed, as such postmaster, innkeeper; pr other person, was subject and liable to account for.

XLIV And) for the more effectually taking an account of the several duties irr.posed by this act, and preventing frauds therein, be it enacted. That, from and after the fid first day of August, open. thoufapd seven hundred and; eighty-five, every pqftmaster, innr keeper, pr.other person, so licensed to let horses as aforesaid, shall at the respective times of delivering the.ir. accounts to. the corn missioner, or other person appointed by them tq receive the same, at the head office, or to the cojleftor or collectors authorised by the said commissioners to receive the same, and the money due. thereqn, m^ke oath, or, being one of the people called ^ualers% make ap'd subscribe.a i'olemn affirmation, before such commiffir pners, or other person appointed as aforesaid, or collector or cplleftors, who are hereby respectively authorised and itnpqw. ered to administer fuyh oath and affirmation to the truth of the accounts then delivered, in thy form following:

I A. B. do swear, (or affirmas the case may. require), That the. several weekly accounts, now by me delivered, of the duties arising.

upon

i£8j»] Anna vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. 217

upon borfesy which lhave let for the purpcfe of travelling pofiy or ctherwifeffrom the day. of to the

day of as far as the same have been entered and kept by

they are fairy just y and true accounts; and that I have charged therein the duty for the true number of milesy received for the use of his Majestyy from the travellers who have hired horses. from me; and that I have infer ted therein an account of all the day .ticketsy notes, and certificates issued by me and as far as such accounts have been entered and kept by any other person or personsy 1 verily believe the same to be true.

So help me GOD

Arjd; if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, staking the Penalty on said oath or affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit poftmasters, wilful perjury, and be thereof cppvided, he, (lie, .or they shall, etq. fvvearing for such offence, be subje<t and liable to such pains and penal e ties as by any law now ip being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall refuse to take the oath or affirmation above required, the collector or collectors of the said duty may refuse to receive the money due on such accounts; and such postmaster, innkeeper, or other per or refuting to son, shall be liable to the penalty of twenty pounds, in the same take theoath manner as if they, had not delivered in their accounts, and paid the money dup thereon, for each and every such account so refused to be attested or affirmed.

XLV And be it further enacted, That, from and after thenopedbn said first day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty (hah let out five, if any person who shall keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise marine, chaise, diligence, or other carri pt coach, age with four wheels, or any calash, chaise, chair, or other C without a carriage with two wheels, by what name soever the same now licence, is or hereafter shall be called pr known, to be employed as pub lick stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places within the kingdom of Great Britain shall let out, thp same for such purpose, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the said commissioners fqt managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly authorised by them, he, (he, or they shall forfeit, for every on penalty of time such coach, diligence., or other carriage shall be soused, each

the sum of ten pounds, to he recovered and applied as hereinafter is directed.

XLVI And be it further enabled. That, from and after commission the paftipg of tips act, aqy.two or more of his majesty's comr ersof stamp liiilfioners, appointed for managing the duties arising by stamps fu^iicences on vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly autho to all persons rifed by them, shall grant.licences, under their hands and seals, who shall ap to any person or persons who shall apply for the same to let, ply for th^n* put for hire any such. coach, diligence, or other carriage, directed to be licensed by virtue of this act, for the fpaceof one

year,

^

"

fe 1.8

Licence to be renewed ten days previous to the expiration, etc.

Only one diligence, etc. to be kept by virtue of one licence.

All licensed persons to pay one penny for eery mile their diligence, C Stall travel;

and shall declare, when they receive their licence, to and from What places it is intended to be used, and how often.

All diligences, etc. going to or from London or west jninfter, shall

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. [<7s5.

year, to commence from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of August, to commence from the day of the date of such licences; which said licence shall be renewed at least ten days previous to the expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if the person or persons so licensed shall continue to let out for hire such coach, diligence, or other carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, he, (he, or they shall, in the same manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licence, and so yearly and every year as long as he, (he, or they shall continue to let out such coach, diligence, or other carriage, for the purpose aforesaid.

XLVII And be it further enacted, That no person or persons so licensed to let out coaches, diligences, or other carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, shall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one coach, diligence, or other carriage, for the purposes aforesaid'

And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons so licensed to use any coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, to be employed as public stage coaches as aforesaid, shall yield and pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of one penny for every mile every such <toach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, shall be soused to travel as aforesaid.

XLIX And it is hereby further enaefed. That all and every person or persons so licensed to use such coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, to be employed as public stage coaches as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving such licence, declare from what place and to what place such coach or coaches, or other carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, is intended to be used, diftinguilhing the distance or number of miles between the two extreme towns, or other places, such coach or coaches, or other carriages, is or are intended to go, and the number of journeys each such coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriage or carriages, is or are intended to be used, either in the day or in the week, as the case may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such licence; and all and every person or persons, so licensed for such purpose as aforesaid, shall give security, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of twenty pounds, or in treble the sum to which the duty for the journeys inserted in such licences for one month would amount unto, in the option of the said commissioners, ith a condition for the faithful accounting for and paying Ch sums as may be due for the journeys expressed in such licences.

L And be it further enacted, That all coaches, diligences, or other carriages, directed to be licensed by virtue of this a, that shall go from London or Westminster to any place in th country; or that shall come from the country to any place in

London

1785*] Anno vleefipcio quinto Georgii III C 51. 219

London or Wejlminijier^ shall be licensed at the head office by be Jicenfedat the commissioners, or some person authorised by them. stamp ""

'Jnd, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the number of ce times such licensed coaches, diligences, or other carriages, making Short Jlages* may go in a day it is hereby provided and enacted.

That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or the Discretionary major part of them, or such officers as they shall appoint in that powers veiled behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to make in comroilli such allowances as shall appear to be just, to any person or per ddicencet fons licensed to ule any coach, diligence, or other carriage, as etc making * aforesaid, upon oath made by the owner of such coach, dili (hort stages gence, or other carriage as aforesaid, before the said commiffi near London, oners, or the major part of them, or such officers foto be appointed, as to the number of journeys actually made in a day by such coach, diligence, or other carriage, where the same shall differ from the number expressed in such licences; which oath the said commissioners, or the collectors authorised by them to receive the said duty, are hereby empowered to administer, and to examine into all the circumstances relative to the number of journeys so made by such coach, diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, anything herein contained to the contrary ncfcwithstanding; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered to make such regulations, with respect to such coaches, diligences, and other carriages, where such allowances are applied for, as they shall from time to time find necessary, as well for the effectual securing the duties on such coaches, diligences, or other carriages, as doing justice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

LI And be it further enacted. That all and every person The name of or persons, so licensed to use every such coach, diligence, or owner of other carriage, as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be ^ce^etc to marked or painted, on the outside pannel of each door thereof, be^inted on before he, (he, or they shall use the same for the purpose afore the outside of said, his, her, or their christian and surname, together with each door, the name of the place from whence they set out, and to which they are going, in large and legible characters, in letters of a colour distinct from the colour of the carriage, each letter at least one inch in length, under the penalty of ten pounds; and Where and every proprietor of any such coach, diligence, or other car when the riage, licensed to go from London to any other place, or from f^mdiligent any other place to London, shall, on the first Monday in every ce) etc.shall imonth, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in be paid, the afternoon, unless the same be an holiday, and then on the next day, not being an holiday, clear the said duties charged and become due by virtue of this act, by paying the same to the receiver-general of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for cohering the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the head office; and if such proprietor or proprietors shall be licensed from any town in the country to any other town than 'London then such proprietors shall clear the said duties, by i paying

Licensed pro prietor of any diligence, etc. to give feveh days notice before he discontinue the same.

Poftmasters, etc. to be allowed 3 d. in the pound out of the moneys to be accounted for and paid by them.

Penalty off forging any ticket, or uttering the Time.

Application of penalties, if sued for within six months.

Pecuniary penalties amounting to 50i. where to be sued for.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51.. 11785^

paying the same to the person duly authorised,, comimffion under the hands and seals of three of his many's eommiffiqn< r ers of the lamp duties, to receive the same, under the penaity of five pounds

LIII Provided always, That every such licenfedvproprietor or proprietors of any coach, diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, who shall lay down and difcontinuq the use of the same, shall give notice in writing, seven days at the least before he, * (he, or they shall lay down or discontinue the. same, and shall have such notice endorsed upon the back of such; his,, her, or their licence or licences, or upon the bond foto be, giyen as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on payment of all. arrears, shall be no longer charged or chargeable for the same.

LIV And it is hereby enacted, That the receiver-general at the head office, and the said other, collectors duly appointed tq receive the duties hereby impeded, : shall make an allowance to the several poftmasters, innkeepers, and, other persons, licensed by virtue of this act to let horses to hire, by the miles, stage, or day, for all moneys by them paid on account of the duties by this act imposed on horses so hired as. aforesaid; and they shall be entitled respectively to deduct, for their own use, at and after the rate of threepence in. the, pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, or other collector, according to the directions herein before contained.

LV And be it further enacted, That if any person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any ticket, nqte, or certificate by this act authorised or directed to be used, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter or publifti as true, any falfej forged, or counterfeited ticket, note, or certificate, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and. successors, of any of the said. duties; every person or persons so offending,, and being thereof; lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein is directed and declared.

LVI And be it further enacted. That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if a prosecution, or salt shall be commenced for the same within the space of six calendar months from the time of any such penalty being incurred,) in manner following; one moiety thereof to his ma?. jesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

LVII And be it further enacted, That all such pecuniary penalties which shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds or more, dial 1 be sued for in any of his majesty's courts at west minjier, for. offences committed in England and Wales or Ber wick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court

of

j 5.3 Anno vlcefiino quinto Geor<3 ri Ilf. C 5 r. 221

of jjusticrary, or court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of derbt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than imparlance,

shall be allowed.

LV1IL Provided always, and be it further enac1ed, That All penalties stich division or diftriburion of the penalties as aforesaid, lb all be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting or suing months, to for the same within the time herein before For that purpose LI belong to hi mited; and that, in default of such prosecution or suit within Majesty. the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable by information, at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, or the lord advocate of Scotland $ any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it Any justice

shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace, re may deter / j j a f / mine ny

dding near the place where the offence shall be committed, to offenceagainst

hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects this act, if the

the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not amounting to fifty penalty be left

pounds *, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and than

required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made

in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses

on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fac1;

and, upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary

confession of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witness

or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty

or forfeiture, according as in and by this a & is directed, and to

award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for

the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on

the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof,

in case they hall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to

the party the overplus (if any;) and where the goods of such

offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to

commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space

of six months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner

paid and satisfied;; if any person or persons shall find him Person ag

self or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such juf grieved may

ftice, then he, (he, or they shall and may (upon giving security quarter frifi

to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, toge ont

there with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement

shall be affirmed,) appeal to the justices of the peace at the

next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place,

'who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses

upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in

case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be >

lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay

costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet;

Provided always, That if the next general quarter sessions of

the

‘ s

%

Penalty on witnesses who shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, etc.

Summonfes of the proprietors of diligences, etc. left with the bookkeeper, etc. shall be deemed good service.

Form of con viction.

Anfro vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51. [1785.

the peace shall fall within six days after such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the person so convicted, if he shall think fit, giving such security as aforesaid, to appeal to the next subsequent quarter sessions.

LX And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as are herein before directed as to other penalties.

LXI And be it further enacted, That all summonses, issued by any justice of the peace, in pursuance of this act, against: the owners or proprietors of any coaches, diligences, or other carriages required to be licensed by this act, that shall be left at the inn or other place where the diligence, coach, or other carriage, shall put up, with the bookkeeper or other person who shall keep the books for taking places in such coaches, diligences, or other carriages, shall be deemed good service on the owners or proprietors of such coaches, diligences, or other carriages, although such owners or proprietors shall not have a residence or habitation in such inn or place.

LXII And be it further enacted, That a conviction in the form, and to the effect following, (mutatis. mutandis,) as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the case, or the fasts or evidence in any particular manner; that is to say:

BE it remembered. That on. the day of in the

year of our Lord at in the county of

A. B. came before me C D. one of his maje/ly9s ju(lues of the peace for the said county residing near the place where the offence was committed and informed me, that E. F. of on the day

of noiu laji pajl, at in the [aid county, did [here

set forth the fast for which the information is laid; J whereupon the said. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at in

the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the faii information, declared he vjas not guilty of the said offence, [or, as the case may happen to be, ] did not appear before me pursuant to the said fummonsy [or, did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, ] but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G H. a credible witness, [or, as the case may happen to be, ] acknowledged and voluntarily confefftd the same to be true; and it

manifefly

22j

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 51.

tnanifejily appearing to me that he the said. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information, I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence afore said, and do declare and adjudge, that he the said. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money

of Great Britain, for the offence aforfsaid, to le distributed as the law dir efts, according to the form of thejlatute in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

LXIII Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be law justice may fill to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to miti mitigate the gate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasona Penalties. ble costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over; and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this at, or any other a of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV And be it further enacted, That the several duties Receiver ge herein before granted shall be paid from time to time into the neral of hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties ft amp duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a ^ Wanted separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and bythissaa: pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and ac into the counting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the Auditor to said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, keepafeparaie in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and account duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be en thereot* tered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever.

LXV And whereas, by an act made in the ?iineieenth year of his Reciting ap present Majesty's reign, certain duties were granted on licences to be plication of taken out by persons letting horses to hire for travelling post, and the * certain duties payable on such horses let to hire, and upon certain car former acts. riages therein mentioned; which duties, with sundry other duties granted in the same session of parliament, were made a fund for payment of the several annuities granted by an act of the same session of parliament; and which said duties were, by an act of the twentieth year of his said Majesty, repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof, and made applicable to the same uses and purposes as the duties so repealed; and by one other act, of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty s reign, certain additional duties ivere granted on Jlage coaches, and other carriages, and were, together with other duties, made a fund for payment of annuities granted by an act of the same fejf on of parliament; be it therefore enacted. That, Application from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun of the duties dred and eighty-five, the yearly sum of eighty-four thousand f^8na^t y < pounds

Part of an al of 9 Ann repealed.

Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii IH. fc. 51. [1785*

pounds be reserved and set apart, and applied quarterly, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of such ihbmes as shall from tithe to time arise, as Well by the duties granted by this aif, as of the arrears of the several duties hereby repealed, and shall be applied towards paying the annuities granted by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign; and that the yearly sum of forty thousand pounds be also reserved and let apart, and applied quarterly, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of jfuch moneys as shall from time to time arise there, as well by the said duties granted by this ait, as of the arrears of the several duties hereby repealed, and shall be applied towards paying the annuities granted by the said act of the twenty-third year of his present majesty's feign; and that out of the moneys which shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and but of the duties granted by this ait, a proportional part of the two sums of eighty-four thousand pounds, and forty thousand pounds, (hail, from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be set apart and applied towards payment of the annuities granted by the said several aits of the nineteenth and twenty-third years of his present majesty's reign; and the residue of the produce of the said rates and duties shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are direited to be paid and payable pursuant to an ait of this present feflibn of parliament, entitled. An act for granting annuities to fatisfycertain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and drdnahee debentures'.

LXVI And be it further enaited, That so much of an ait made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for establishing a general postoffice for all her Majejlfs dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majejlfs occafons, as restrains any persons, other than the poltmatter general for the tithe being, and the refpeilive deputies and fub * ftitutes of such postmaster general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furnishing horses or furniture for riding post within this kingdom, (hail be, and the same is hereby, repealed and made void.

LXVII And be it further enaited, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this ait, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdiit shall be pdffed for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP."

1785.] Anno vicesimo quint Georgii III C 52.

CAP LII

An act sir better examining and auditing the public accounts of this

kingdom.

WHEREAS the present method of accounting for the receipt sy Preamble.

iffiues, and expenditures of the public moneys before the auditors of the impressed, is become injufficient to answer the good purposes intended thereby; for remedy whereof it is important that a more effectual method Jhdll be provided in future for examining the public accounts of the kingdom, and for preventing, Jo far as possible, all delays, frauds, and abuses, in delivering in and pajfng the same: and whereas it is expedient, for the effecting thereof, that the right vested in the right honourable lord Sondes, and the right honourable John Stuart comtnonly called Lord Viscount Mountftuart, now iw Cardiff, which they derive from the patents granted to them respectively, as auditors of the impreji, Should ceaje and determine, on due compensation being made to them for their interest in the same; and that all fees, gratuities, and perquifttes, in the office of the auditors of the impreji, Should be forthwith abolished; and that every officer and clerk in the said office or department Should be paid by the;

public a certain fixed annual salary, in lieu oj all such fees, gratuities, and perquifttes: be it therefore enacfled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, From July from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun the pa dred and eighty-five, the patents granted by his late and pve to^he^udu sent Majesty, under the great seal of Great Britain, to the said tors of the" lord Sondes, and the said lord Mountftuart, as auditors of the impressed va impressed, shall be vacated; and that all the powers, authorities, cated. rights, privileges, and advantages, thereby granted and given, fhau cease and determine from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; from and after which time, no fee, gratuity, perquisite, or emolument, shall be received or taken by any person or persons whomsoever, employed in the making up, passing, or auditing any public accounts under the authority of this a.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing here Not to affect in contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect ijthej: officer the rights of any officer or minister of the exchequer, other °fthe exche than the auditors of the impressed, or any person or persons under der them.

III And whereas it is just and proper that the said lord Sondes, and lord Mountftuart, Should have a reajonable and equitable provision during their lives, in lieu of the profits and emoluments of the said offices of auditors of the imprests, of vmch they are divefied under compenfa this act 1 be it enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day auditors in of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall iieu of the be paid, out of the aggregate fund, to the said lord Sondes, tha* emolument annual sum of seven thousand pounds clear of all deductions, of their offi* *vql. XXXV Q. andces*

ili'

His Majesty may appoint five com mi f fioners for auditing the public accounts.

commissioners to be sworn.

Their oath.

Treasury to appoint officers for preparing pub lick accounts

and to allow them Salaries, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 52. [1785#

and to the said lord Mountjluart the like annual sum of seven thousand pounds clear of all deductions, during their lives respectively, by equal quarterly payments; the first payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth day of October following.

IV Andy in order effectually to provide such examination of: all public accounts in future as may be necessary for the security of the public intereff be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to nominate and appoint five commissioners, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, two of whom shall be the comptrollers of the army accounts, now and hereafter for the time being; and to grant fixed salaries to each of the said commissioners, to be paid out of the aggregate fund, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four thousand pounds clear.of all deductions annually, who shall be (tiled, The commissioners for auditing the public accounts, and shall hold their offices quam diu fe bene gefferint, (except the said comptrollers of the army accounts, who shall continue to be commissioners^for auditing the public accounts so long only as they shall be comptrollers of army accounts;) and shall, before they shall enter upon the execution of the powers veiled in them by this act, take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, which he is hereby authorised and required to administer, the tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say :)

I Am B. do swear, That, according to the bejl of my skill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trusts vejled in me by an act for better examining and auditing the public accounts of this kingdom.

So help me GOD.

V And be it further enacted. That the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, shall be, and he or they are hereby authorised to appoint such.. and clerks, and other persons, as shall appear to them * to be necessary, from time to time, for making up and preparing for dclaration the several public accounts of the kingdom, with such fixed salaries to each as they shall judge proper; and to allow such reasonable sums, as to them shall seem fit, from > time to time, for stationary, coals, candles, and other incidental charges to be incurred in the office for auditing the public accounts, to be paid out of the aggregate fund, net exceeding in the whole the annual sum of six thousand pounds clear of all deductions, which shall be to the several officers, clerks, and other persons, in lieu of all fees, gratuities, and perquisites whatsoever.

VI And whereas it is jujl and reasonable that some provision ffould be made for certain persons during their lives, who now hold employments under the before mentioned auditors of the imprejt, and

i for

1785*] Ahno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 52.' 227

for others who have retired therefrom upon annual allowances paid to them by the said auditors; be it enacted, That, from and after Annuities to the fifth day of July, one'thousand seven hundred and eighty be allowed to five, there shall be paid put of the aggregate fund to Philip Dear esquire, deputy to the lord viscount Mountjluart, and to ^ auditors; John Wigglefworth esquire, deputy to the lord Sondes, the annual sum of three hundred pounds each 5 to John Lloyd, formerly deputy to the lord Sondes, the annual sum of three hundred pounds; and to Charles Harris, formerly one of the clerks in the office of the lord viscount Mountjluart, the annual sum of two hundred pounds; the said several sums to be clear of all dedunions, by equal quarterly payments, the first payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

VII Provided always, and be it enacted, That the annuities and to be made payable by this act to the several persons herein before e" t

named, shall Ije issuing and payable out of, and charged and C

chargeable upd% the duties and revenues which compose the fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts. of parliament to be paid out of the same.) y

VIIL And be it further enacted. That the commissioners to commission be appointed under the authority of this act shall be, and they ers to be are hereby invested with all the powers and authorities, and Jhe powers shall be subject to the performance of the same duties, and lia etc. of the * ble to the same control, which the auditors of the impressed are auditors; now by law, usage, or custom invested with, or are subject or liable to, except as the same are or shall be altered or affected by this act; 2nd the said commissioners, or any three of them, and to admi shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to every of nifteronthstp the officers and clerks, who shall be appointed as before direst 1 eir 0 cers* ed, an oath, for his true and faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him.

IX And be it further enacted. That the said commissioners, Commifiion^ or their successors, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and ers may call required to call before them, by precepts under their hands, or ^11 persons1 the hands of any three or more of them, all such persons as who have re shall have received any sum or sums of money by way of im ceived money pressed, or in any other manner, for which they shall be account by of able, to attend upon them personally, from time to time, as impre etc' they shall be required, and to exhibit to them the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, all such accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, or other papers whatsoever, in the possession of such persons, which shall appear to be necessary for the purposes of their examination; and it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised, when they shall see occasion, to cause search to be made, or extracts to be taken from the books, rolls, or records, in the custody or keeping of

Q any

Commissioners to examine accounts as soon as possible.

Directions relative to auditing accounts.

Anno vicesimo quinto gjsorgii III C 52. [1785*

any officer or mirii'fter in the court or in the receipt of the exchequer, without paying any fee or reward for the same,

X And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall try and examine the several accounts and vouchers, which shall be transmitted to them from time to time, with as little delay as possible; and upon trial and examination thereof, shall make full, just, and perfect accounts, or declarations of accounts, containing briefly the sum and substance thereof in charge and discharge.

XI And be it further enabled, That in auditing and examining all public accounts, the commissioners shall allow such articles of discharge only, as the said accountants respectively shall have been duly authorised to incur, unless, upon a fpeciaj. statement of the matter to the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, the said commissioners shall be directed to make further or other allowances to the said accountants accordingly, by warrant under the hand of the aid, lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury; or any three of them.

cpmmission ers may examine accountants on oath.

Penalty on persons giving false evidence before the commissioners.

Commissioners to make up a state of accounts, and lay them before the treasury.

XII And, for the rendering more ejfcftual all such examinations as are intended to he had under this act, be it enabled. That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners, to be appointed by authority thereof, or any three of therir, and they are hereby authorised and required to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised tb administer), all accountants whom they shall find occasion to call before them, and all other persons whom the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching the receipt and expenditure of the money forming the charge and discharge of each account respectively, and touching all other matters and things necessary for the due execution of the powers veiled in the said commissioners by this at.

XIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That in case any person or persons, in the course of their examination upon oath before the commiffioriers, to be appointed as before provided, or their successors, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XIV And be it further enabled. That when the examinations of each account shall be completed by the said commissioners, they, or any three of them, shall, and they are hereby required to make up a state thereof, and lay the same before the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, who, after due consideration of all particulars, shall grant their warrant to the said commissioners to prepare the same for declaration, in the manner and form which has been accustomed.

XV And be it further enacted and declared That all accounts

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinfpxjeorgii III 0.52. 229

counts of the expenditure of the public money, which have Accounts of heretofore been passed in the office of the auditors of the im expenditure pressed, shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand ney to be seven hundred and eighty-five, fie delivered to the commission delivered to ers to be appointed under the authority of. this at, together the commis with the vouchers belonging thereto. fioners.

XVI And whereas it is necessary that the commissioners to be appointed

under the authority of this act Should have early information Auditor to refpe fling the issues of money from the exchequer to psrfons on account, transmit to be it en'acted and declared. That the auditor of the exchequer the commis shall transmit to the said commissioners a certificate of all moneys of mo

issued from the exchequer to persons by way of impressed, and niesiflued upon account, in like manner as he now doth to the auditors upon ac

of the impressed. count.

XVII And whereas great Losses and inconveniences have arisen to the public by fub accountants not having been put in charge till a long time has elapsed after the moneys were issued to them, be' it enacted, That the paymaster general of his majesty's foroes, the Paymaster of treasurer of the navy, the treasurer of the ordnance, and every the foroes, other public officer who shall hereafter pay into the hands of the" any person or persons whomsoever, money for .public services, commission by way of impressed, or on account, shall, within thirty days of ers an ac the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred count °? and eighty-five, and within thirty days of the thirty first day of ^°themby December in every future year, transmit an account of all sums wayofim of money issued or paid by him or them to any person or per pressed, etc. ions, for the public service, within the preceding year, to the commissioners to be appointed under the authority of this act;

who shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to transmit duplicates of the same ito his majesty's remembrancer in the court of exchequer, who shall immediately, cm receipt of such accounts, put the several sums so iflbed in charge against the parties, in like manner as is now praelifed with respect to persons who receive money by way of impressed, and on account, at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

XVIII Provided always, and be it enabled. That no ac accountants countant shall be allowed in his account any sum which he n<jt to be hall issue or pay over to any fub accountants, unless he shall fu^hey^ll have transmitted to the said commissioners regular accounts negleift to thereof, in the manner and within the. times abovementioned; transmit an unless proof shall be produced, to the satisfaction of the lord account of, high treasurer, or the .commissioners of the treasury, that any tfoned^ men failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful

neglect jostle person issuing or paying over the money as aforesaid -

And whereas it is highly important, towards effefling the purposes intended by this act^ that the commissioners to be appointed

. under the authority thereof Should be imp owcred to compel accountants Commission to bring forward their accounts; be it enacted, That the said ers may com commissioners shall, fa often as they shall think fit, call upon pelaccount such persons to whom sums of money have been or shall be so forward thefr

Q issued accounts.

c>30

sub accountants to deliver to the commission ers, vouchers for expenditure of moneys issued to them, within certain limited times.

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 52. [1785.

issued and paid, to render an account of the same to them the said commissioners, within a time to be by them limited; and on failure of the accounts being delivered accordingly, within the time so limited, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to include the names of all such defaulters in their certificates, transmitted to the office of his majesty's remembraneer, in order that the usual process may issue thereupon; and also, in case they shall see cause, they are hereby required to give notice thereof to his majesty's attorney general in England, his majesty's advocate in Scotland, or his majesty's attorney general in any of the colonies or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, as the case may require, in order that such motions may be made by the said officers to the court of exchequer, or other proper court, and such further or other process may be issued in order to his moving the court of exchequer n England or Scotland, or the proper court in the colonies or plantations, for special process to be issued against such defaulter or defaulters, as may be deemed necessary to compel him or them to deliver in his or their accounts as directed by the said commissioners, unless, upon application of the parties, their agents or attorneys, to the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners for executing that office, on a special statement of circumstances to justify delay, the said lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, shall grant their warrant to stay the process for such reasonable time as they shall think fit.

XX And be it further enacted and declared, That every fub accountant to whom money shall hereafter be issued for public services, incase the money so issued shall have been for services to be performed in Great Britain, shall deliver in to the office of the commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this at, the vouchers for the expenditure thereof, together with an account current, within three months of the end of each year frofm the commencement of his account, unless it has been usual for such account to be made up to any fixed period in the year; in which case they shall be delivered within three months of the usual annual time of the determination of each account respectively; and in case such moneys shall have been issued for services to be performed in any part of Europe out of this kingdom, then the vouchers shall be delivered within four months of the expiration of each year's accounts; if in the West Indies, the continent of America, or in Africa within six months after the expiration of each year's accounts; and if in the East Indies, within twelve months after the expiration of each year's accounts; unless it shall in each and every case be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury, that the failure of transmitting the same, within the periods before mentioned, was unavoidable; in which cafetuch further delay may be granted, by warrant under the hands of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, as they shall judge reasonable;; in such cases the vouchers shall be delivered at the expiration of the term of delay so granted, on pain, upon failure

1785, ] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 52." £31

in any of the abovementioned cases, of paying such fine to his Majesty as the court of exchequer, on application made to them, shall think fit to fet and impose; which fine the said court is hereby authorised and empowered to fet and impose accordingly.

XXL And be it further enabled, That process shall in no Process not to case be issued from the court of exchequer, against any fub ac issue against countant, who is to account to the principal officers of the board g^oun^s of ordnance, or the principal officers and commissioners of his without di * navy, the commissioners for vi&ualling his majesty's rections from navy, or the commissioners for Tick and hurt, respectively, for the treasury. sums which have been issued to such fub accountants by the treasurer of the ordnance, or the treasurer of the navy, without directions being previously given for that purpose by the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, after a reference of their cases to the commissioners of the boards abovementioned respectively, and a report made thereupon. Provided always. That no process shall issue against any such fub accountant until twelve months shall have elapsed from the time, of the.making up the accounts of the said treasurer annually.

XXII Provided always, and be it enabled, That when any When fub fub accountant or fub accountants shall transmit to the commis accountants fioners to be appointed under the authority of this act, a suffi ^fcharge3 cient and satisfactory discharge from the principal officers of the from the ofk ordnance, the commissioners of his majesty's navy, the com cersoford missioner for vidualling his majesty's navy, or the commis nance, etc. fioners of sick and hurt, for any moneys he or they shall have ftnjck received in the said departments several ly, the said commission out of the ers shall transmit a duplicate of the same to his majesty's re impressed roll, membrancer in the court of exchequer, who shall forthwith

strike out the name or names of such fub accountant or fub accountants from the impressed roll; and such fub accountant or fub accountants shall from thenceforth be discharged from any other or further account for the same.

XXIII And be it further enacted and declared, That, from No article to and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred be allowed in and eighty-five, no article shall be allowed in the account of expenditure any person intruded with the expenditure of the public mo f public ney, without a written voucher, or other evidence of the actual money, with payment of every sum so claimed to be allowed, notwithstand out a written ing any allegation of papers being lost or destroyed, except on vouc ere c‘ application to the court of exchequer, who shall, and they are

hereby authorised and required, on such application, to call before them, as well the said commissioners, or some person on their behalf, as the party accounting, and shall cause notice thereof to be sent to his majesty's attorney general; and after hearing as well the evidence, which shall be brought on the part of the crown by the said attorney general, or the said com qiiflioners, as that which shall be brought on the part of such accountant, the said court shall make such order as they shall

q^j. think

2: 32

Books, etc. II the auditors offices to be delivered to the commis fionere.

commissioners not to sit In the house of commons.

Preamble.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 53^ 54. [1785.

think fit; and the several officers and persons, whose duty it shall be to audit and make up the accounts, shall govern themselves accordingly.

. XXIV And be it further enacted and declared, That all official books, papers, and accounts whatfoevpr, now remaining in either of the offices of the auditors of the impressed, or which have been usually, or ought to have been kept therein, shall be deemed to be public property, and shall be delivered over to the commissioners to be appointed under the authority of this act.

XXV Provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That no commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this afit, shall, during his continuance in such office, be capable of being elected, or of sitting as a member of the house of commons.

CAR LIII

An act for settling an annuity of nine thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke 0/gloucester, in lieu of the like annuity payable out of the duties of four and one halfpet centum in Barbados and the Leeward Islands.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty has been pleased to communicate to your faithful commons, that your Majesty havings in the year one thousand seven hundred and jixty seven, settled an annuity of nine thousand pounds as a provision in part for the honourable support and maintenance of your Majesty's dearly beloved brother, the duke of Gloucester, payable out of the duties of four and one half per centum in Barbados and the Leeward Hands; and that your Majesty underjlanding the saidfund is not sufficient for the regularpay tnent of the said annuity, and of the other charges upon the same; and your Majesty having been pleased to recommend to the consideration of your faithful commons, to make such provision as may appear to be reasonable for substituting some other fundy out of which the said annuity may be paid in future: now, we, having taken into consideration your majesty's most gracious message, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, can

annuity of 9, 000!. per ann. to be paid to the duke of Gloucester, out of the aggregate fund, to commence April 5, 1785; andtoj>e paid quarterly. Commissioners of treasury to diredfc the auditor to make forth debentures accordingly. Warrant, when signed, to be valid in law. Commissioners of the treasury, etc. to do all things required by this act, without fee. The receipt of the duke of Gloucester, etc. to be a sufficient discharge.

CAP LIV

An act for better securing the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

From Aug. 1, 1785, collector, etc. not to clear coastwise, etc. any vessel laden with coals, culm, or cinders, until the matter shall deliver two proper certificates; one of which, after being signed, etc. shall be returned

1785.3 Anno vicesimo tjuinto Georg ir III C 55. 235

turned to the matter. Any fitter, etc making default in delivering certificates, to forfeit 50i. Coals cleared coastwise, and delivered beyond sea, before the duties on exportation be paid, and the owner, before he clears out again, to pay those duties before due, and also 33. per chaldron. Upon proof of the vessel being forced from the coast into foreign parts, by contrary winds, etc. a certificate thereof to be granted to the matter, that his coast bond may be discharged, etc. Entry and register of sitters certificate to be evidence. Penalty to be recovered by acdon or information; one moiety to the King, the other to the prosecutor.

Defendants may plead the general issue, and give the act in evidence, and recover treble cotts.

CAP. LV

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by persons vending gloves or mittens; and also certain duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble., commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates xr

and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cfonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^ this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of Augufly one thou From Aug. r, sand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, *785* f

collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, l°wmg^duties unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, vendersof ^ the several rates and duties following; (that is to say), all per gloves: fons uttering or vending in Great Britain, any gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather, or any other material or materials, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner herein after prescribed:

For every licence granted to any person so uttering or vend For an annual ing such gloves or mittens, as aforesaid, there shall be charged licence, is.: a stamp duty of onedhilling:

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather. For every pair or any other material or materials, above the price or value of of gloves or fourpence, and not exceeding the price or value of ten pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Bri 4^0 iod!^ tain there shall be charged a stamp duty of one penny: id!:

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather, From rod. to or any other material or materials, above the price or value of is. 4d, — 2 d.: ten pence, and not exceeding the price or value of one shilling and fourpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Britainthere shall be charged a lamp duty of twopence;

For

Above is. 4<1. — h

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of stamps.

Persons selling gloves or mittens without a licence, to forfeit aol.

Two commissioners may grant licences.

Licences to be renewed annually.

Anno vicefiifio quinto Georgii III C 55. [1785.'

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather, or any other material or materials, exceeding the price or value of one shilling and fourpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Britain there shall be charged a stamp duty of threepence.

II And be it further enabled, That, for the better and more ^ffedtual levying and collecting all the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby, required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ampje manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or sell, any gloves or mittens, made of silk, leather, or any other material or materials, in Great Britain, upon pain to forfeit, for every offence, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is directed.

IV And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this al, any two or more of his majesty's commissioners, appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to sell gloves or mittens, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day, of the date of every such licence; and all and every person and persons, who shall take out such licence for selling gloves, or mittens, shall take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or (lie shall continue to sell gloves or mittens \ and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the (lamps on such licence, s long as he or she shall continue to sell gloves or mittens,

V Arjd

-

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 55. 235

V V And be it further enacted, That every person vending or All persons exposing to sale gloves or mittens by retail, shall cause the words, vending Dealer in Gloves, to be painted or written in large and legible loves to. characters, either over the door, or in some visible place in the ^ords placed front of his or their house, (hop, or warehouse, at the respective on the front place at which he or they keep such gloves for sale, to denote or their (hops, that such person or persons is a dealer in gloves, and licensed etc for that purpose: and if any person shall presume to sell any gloves or mittens by retail, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending or exposing to sale any gloves or mittens shall, for every pair of gloves or mittens on penalty of so sold, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered 5a|/foidvei7 and distributed as hereinafter is directed. p 1 o.

VI And be it further^nacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on (hallcaufe the words, Dealer in Gloves, to be affixed or put on affixing such the front of his, her, or their house or (hop, or warehouse, without

being licensed as aforesaid, he, (lie, or they so offending licensed, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of forty pounds.

VII And whereas doubts may arise what person or persons may be considered as a retail dealer or dealers in gloves, within the co?iflrufiien

of this be it therefore enabled and declared. That all per Who shall be fons who shall sell any less quantity than twelve dozen pair of deemed regloves or mittens at one time, to any one person, shall be deem oves ed a retailer of gloves.

VIII And, in order to secure the duty aforesaid, be it further enacted, That every person, uttering or vending by retail, or Retailers of exposing to sale, any gloves or mittens liable to the' said duty slo^€s to hereby imposed, shall apply to the commissioners of (lamps, or commission to the officers appointed by them, for paper tickets, stamped ers Of ftapip9 with the several and respective duties hereby imposed, to be for tickets to parted or affixed, by the person or persons so uttering or vend be affixed on ing by retail such gloves or mittens as aforesaid, to the inside of g*ove8#

the right hand glove or mitten, * in such manner and form as the said commissioners shall direct; and every pair of gloves or mittens, uttered, vended, or sold by any retail dealer, shall have affixed upon the inside of the right hand glove of each such pair,

.such stamped ticket, mark, or device, in such manner and form, and in such part thereof, as the commissioners of his majesty's damp duties shall from time to time direct.

IX And be it further enabled. That if any retail dealer shall Penalty on vend, utter, fell, or expose to sale, or if any person or persons

shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any Without a gloves or mittens, subject to the lamp duties hereby imposed, proper ttamp. unless the damp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed,, and marked and stamped as by this act is directed, or that shall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or stamped with a (lamp or mark of less denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed; every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such pair of gloves or mittens so sold, uttered, or exposed to sale, or so bought or received in exchange, the sum of twenty pounds; to

2$6 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 55. [1785.'

be recovered and applied as herein after is directed: and if the party so offending shall be a retail dealer, licen&d pursuant to this act, the said cotnmissioners of stamps shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after conviction of the offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

Not to extend X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing t ®ne.llc^n[* in this act contained shall extend, or be donftrued to extend, to fngtojuio L any person hcenfed in pursuance of this act, who shall fell to there. any retailer of gloves or mittens also Jicensed, any gloves qr

mittens, although the stamp.ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall not be affixed, and marked and stamped as, by this act is directed.

XI And) to prevent the mark or stamps hereby dire Red to be used, which has been sold with or affixed to any pair of gloves or mittens, from being made use of again to affix to any other pair of gloves or

Penalty on mittens, be it enacted. That if any person or persons shall, with taking off any intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties hereby imposed, cut,

fixing'the3 " tear or ta^e any mar or stamp respect whereof or by famejto any which any duties are hereby payable for any pair of gloves or other gloves, mittens, or shall, with the like intent, affix or paste on in any with a frau ^ glove or mitten, any ticket hereby directed to be stamped, the an entmtem. same laying been once made use of for the purpose aforecaid, and shall hereafter knowingly sell, utter, or expose to sale, any pair of gloves or mittens with such ticket so fraudulently cut from, taken off, or removed, then, so often and in every such case, all and every person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII And, to prevent any persons from selling or buying any ticket ar tickets which have been before sold and made use of for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing such frauds,

Penalty on - be it enacted. That if any person shall, from and after the first

in aif °fuch'" ^ of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, fell ufed3tickets. or buy any in order to be again made use of, to be

sold with and affixed to any glove or mitten liable to the duty hereby imposed, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Buyer or fel XIII Provided always, and be it enacted. That if either ler infonning buyer or seller of any such ticket, or of any pair of gloves or other shall be mittens not having the proper ticket affixed thereto as aforesaid, indemnified, shall inform against the other party concerned in buying or selling such ticket, or such glove or mitten not having the proper stamped ticket affixed thereto as aforesaid, the party so offending shall be admitted to give evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred.

Glovers, in XIV And be it further enacted. That where any retail thake a*fe' t0 ^€a*er n gl<^v^s and mittens shall deliver in any bill or charge, rate charge or aay gl°ves or mittens subject to the duties hereby imposed, for the stamps.such person or persons shall make a distinct and separate charge

for

1785.] Anna viedimo quinto Georgii III c.55." 2: 37

for the stamp Or tamps which shall have been affixed to the gloves or mittens so charged in such bill.

XV And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on fons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited counterfeiter forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be ^ amp used or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, for

the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the impression of the same, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeited; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, Shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat Powers and

ters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or fjrmer°ftamp

acts of parliament relating to the lamp duties on vellum, parch actrextended

ment and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation to this act.

to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and

put in execution for raising, levying, colleding, and securing

the said new. rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the

true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and

purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been

hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties

hereby imposed.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided Pecuniary pe

and distributed (if sued for within the space of six calendar

rhonths from the time of any such penalty being incurred) in months) one

manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs moiety to his

and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of Majesty, and

suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the ?er to same r the informer.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons Penalties for offences committed against this act, may be sued for and 7^?^° recovered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for of iu€ r fences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tiveed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information; whefein no essoin, protediori*, privilege wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX Provided always,, and be it further enacted by the authority

Any neighbouring justice may determine offences subjecting offenders to pecuniary penalties.

238 Ahnb vicesimo quinto Georgii 111. d. 55. [1785;

No informer thority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the pe to have any nalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and reftridt share of pe ecj to the profeciiting for the same within the time herein before fuedfor with fr at purp°fe limited; and that in default of such prosecution In six months, within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shalt and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witrieffes on either side, and. shall examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture so adjudged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found fufticient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: and if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as (hail beawarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXI .And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, witnesses who That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or appear witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the

peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the time and place to be for that pqrpofe appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or justices of' the peace before whom the prosecution

shall

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Penalty on

by

1785.] Anno vicesimo qujnto Georgii IIL c.55. 239

shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein before directed as to other penalties,

XXII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any of How justices fender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said con toproceed for vidtion to be made out in the manner and form following, or c°nvl&lonof in any other form of words to the same effedf, mutatis mutandis; 0 en ers* that is to say:

BE it remembered., Thai on the day of Form of con

in the year of our Lord in the county of viction.

A. B. ef was convitted before me

C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, reftding near the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on the day of now last paji, did

[here (late the offence as the case may be], contrary to thejiatute in that case made and provided; and 1 do declare and adjudge that he the said A. B. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs.

Given under my hand and fealy the day of

XXIII Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be law Justice may full to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to miti mitigate pe gate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reason nal es, able cods and charges of the officers and informers, as well in

making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to Jess than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, anything contained in this actor any other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid. Duties to be from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the paid into the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and exchequer, paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges

of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office and entered of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a separate from book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said ali otlw8 several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account

Application

thereof.

Recital of 6 Geo. 3. C 19,

The recited act extended to all foreign leather cut or prepared in' order to be made into gloves or mitts.

Defendants may plead the general issue,

and have treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.55. [*785-

count whatsoever 5 and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all other charges and ex pences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present feflkm of parliament, entitled, An act for, granting annuitus to satisfy certain navy, victualling) and transport bills and ordnance debentures.

XXV And whereas by an amade in the flseth year of the reign of his present majej}y, entitled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the trade and manufacture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom, several forfeitures and penalties were inflicted to prohibit and prevent the importation and sale of foreign manufactured leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom: and whereas the good purposes intended by the said act may be evaded by the importation of foreign leathery which is not completely made into gloves and mitts, but is cut into the form of gloves and mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, to the great detriment of many of his Majesty's subjects, who are employed in the manufacture of leather gloves and mitts: for remedy whereof, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Auguflj one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said recited adfc shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all foreign leather cut into the form of gloves or mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, or which shall be cut or prepared in any other manner or form, in order to be made into gloves or mitts, and are not proper or fit to be used for, and applied to any other purpose whatsoever; and the several penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the said recited act, and every clause and proviso therein contained, unless in any case where any alteration has been made by any subsequent act of parliament which is now in force, shall be applied, practised, and carried into execution, for the purpose by this act intended, as fully and effectually as if the said recited act, and every article, clause, and proviso thereby enacted, had been again repeated and inserted in this present act.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, fer anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, of thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A Pi

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto g$orgii III C 56. $41

CAP. LVL

An act for more effectually preventing deceits and frauds in the manufacturing of cordage for shipping, and to prevent ihe illicit importation of foreign made cordage.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the thirty Preamble' ' year of the reign of ®hteen Elizabeth, (entitled, An euz. C $4 act for the avoiding of deceit used in making and selling of twice laid cordage 5 and for the better preserving of the navy of this realm;) which act hath been found infvfficient for the purpofis thereby intended; and various other deceits and frauds are frequently practised in the manufacturing of cordage for hipping;; whereas suck deceits and frauds might be prevented'for the future, if the did aft was repealed? and some further and other provisions and regulations given and made for that purpose: nr. ay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confeni of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Said act re from and after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven pealed, hundred and eighty five the abovementioned act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Froth Juhrif* twenty-fifth day of July no person or persons whosoever (hail *7&5» neper life or cause to be used in the manufacturing of cables, hawsers, or other ropes, for the use of shipping, or shall knowingly vend cordage for or sell any cables, hawsers, or other ropes, for the use of Jfhip shipping, in ping, in the manufacturing whereof there shall be used any which any. hemp, usually known or distinguished by the respective names Head Short pr descriptions of short chueking, half clean, whale line, or Chuckiir* tltit other toppings, codilla, damaged hemp bought at public; or other Tales, or any hemp whatsoever, from which the staple part thereof shall have been taken away by the manufacturer 5 and if any person or perfops shall, after the said twenty-fifth day of July, use or cause to be used, in the manufacturing of any cable, hawser, or other rope, for the use of shipping or shall knowingly vend or sell any cable, hawser, or other rope for the use of shipping, in the manufacturing whereof there shall be used any hemp, usually known or diftinguilhed by the respective names or descriptions of (hort chueking, half clean, whale line, or other toppings, codilla, damaged hemp bought at public or other sales, or any hemp whatsoever, from which the staple part thereof shall have been taken away by the manufacturer, every such person, being the manufacturer of such cable, hawser, or other rope, shall forfeit and lose every such onpenattvnf cable, hawser, or other rope, and also a sum of money equal to forfeiture, etc, treble the value thereof; and every person who shall knowingly vend or sell such cable, hawser, or rope as aforesaid, not being the manufacturer thereof, shall forfeit a sum of money equal to treble the value thereof.

Vox. XXXV R ISLAND '.

*42 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C [1785.

III for the letter dijlinguijhing the quality of cables, haw fers and other ropes, ir /fo #/£ of shipping, be it further enabled.

Cordage to That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, when ever an hawser or rope as aforesaid, shall be manufac

inferior.p * tured in the whole, or in part, of any hemp, the use whereof is not prohibited by this act, and the (taple and quality whereof shall be inferior to clean Pettrfburgh hemp, such cable, hawser, or rope as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be inferior cordage, and the manufacturer thereof shall distinguish such cable, hawser, or rope as aforesaid, by running into the same, from end to end of each cable, three tarred mark yarns, spun with turn contrary to that of rope yarn, and also one like tarred yarn in every other rope, for the use of shipping, and by marking or writing on the tally thereof the word Staple or Inferior, as the case shall be; and every manufacturer making default herein shall forfeit the sum of ten Shillings for every hundred weight of such cable, hawser, or rope.

IV And be it further enabled. That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July whenever any new cable, hawser, or other rope for the use of shipping, shall be vended or sold by the manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, there shall be affixed thereon a tally, containing his or their name or names, ligned by him or themselves, or his or their attorney or attorneys, together with the name of the place where the (ame (hail have

on penalty of been manufactured; and if any such manufacturer or manu 10s. per hun fa<fturers^ or any other person or persons whosoever, flail vend or sell any such cable, hawser, or other rope, 'without having such tally thereon as aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every hundred weight thereof.

. V And be it further enabled, That if any rope maker or

rope ma^ers Put' or or knowingly permit or suffer

cordage to Put ^ls or t^le^r name or names on the tally of any cable, hawser, or other rope for the use of shipping, not being his or their own proper manufacturing; or if the vender or proprietor of any such cable, hawser, or other rope as aforesaid, or any other person whosoever, flail wilfully and knowingly put or mark, upon the tally to be affixed thereon, the name or names of any person or persons, not being the manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, every person so offending shall forfeit, for .every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

Penalty on VI And be it further enabled. That if any person or persons making cables flail make, or cause to be made, any cables of any old or worn of old (tuff, which shall contain above seven inches in compass, then

C every person so offending shall forfeit and lose four times the

value of every such cable so by him or her made, or caused to be made, as aforesaid.

Penalties and VII And be it further enabled. That all pecuniary penalties forfeitures or forfeitures, by this abt imposed, which shall exceed the (urn ^ve pounc^s> anc may De recovered by abtion, bill, c°ve e plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record

, &

Manufacturers to affix their names, C to new cordage, before sold,

cred weight.

Penalty on

covered and applied.

1785-] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii lile. 56. s

at Westminster* wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and that all pecuniary, penalties or forfeitures; by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of five pounds; shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods 1 and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the county, city; or place, wherein such offender or offenders shall reside, which warrant every such justice is hereby empowered to grant, upori the information or testimony of two or more credible witnesses upon oath; and the overplus (if any) of the money ariftng by such distress and sale, shall be rendered, upon demand, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after dedufting thereout the charges and expenses of such distress and sale; and in case sufficient goods and chattels of such offender or offenders cannot be found, and such penalty or forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, such justice thall, and is hereby authorised to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than feveti days, or until such penalty or forfeiture, and all costs and charges attending the same, be paid; and all such penalties and forfeitures, and also all cordage which shall be forfeited, in pursuance of this act, shall be paid and delivered to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same; and it shall be lawful for such person or persons to sell, or otherwise dispose of such cordage, (after being cut into lengths, not exceeding' twdve feet), to and for his or their own use and benefit, anything herein before contained to the contrary hereof not with handing.,

VIII And whereas by virtue of the laws now in being, certain, duties are charged upon or payable for or in respect of foreign made cordage imported into this kingdom: and whereas the majiers of bri tith hips and vessels* navigated into this kingdom do frequently ujl and Import great quantities of cordage made and manufactured info -

parts without paying the said duties for or in respect thereof to the great prejudice of the manufacture of cordage for shipping within this kingdom and to the diminution of the public revenue: for preventing the like practice for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twenty-fifth From jujy day of July, whenever any Ship or vessel belonging to ny of vesels his majesty's subjects resident in Great Britain, or any of the British coionics, having on board any foreign made cordage,. fe&s, having shall be navigated into any port within this kingdom, the matter on board so of such Ship or vessel shall, at the time of making his entry or reign made report of such Ship or vessel at the cuftorti house where the same shall be entered, also make an entry or report, upon oath, thereof on of all the foreign made cordage on board of such ship or vessel, entering inttf for or in respect of which the said duties shall not have been anybritifii before paid (Handing and running rigging in use excepted) j and polt# such matter shall, before such ship or vessel shall be cleared by

R % the

Penalty on default.

frot to extend to cordage brought from the East Indies, canno

vicefkno quinto Georgii III C 56. [1785*

the officers of the customs inwards, where any discharge shall be made of her'lacting, pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the like duties for or in refpedf of all such foreign made cordage as shall be specified or mentioned in the said entry of report, as by the laws now in being recharged upon or payable for or in respect of any foreign made cordage imported into this kingdom; and if the matter of any such ship or vessel shall make default herein, all such foreign made cordage as aforesaid as shall be on board such ship or vessel shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and such matter shall, for every such offence, also forfeit the sura of twenty Shillings for every hundred weight thereof.

IX Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to charge or make liable any captain or matter of any ship or vessel coming from the East Indies, with any duty for or upon account of such ship or vessel having any foreign made cordage on board, such cordage having been, by such captain or matter, actually brought from the East Indies.

X Provided also, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the materials at present ia * the use of any ships or vessels that were built abroad before the patting of this at, and are the property of the subjects of Great Britain.

XI And be it further enabled, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any matter or thing to be

«uarurfefhe one n pur^uance this act, and for which no particular me 5ons.er C tliod f relief is herein before appointed, such person may, within four calendar months after such matter or thing shall; have been so done, appeal to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, to be held for the county, city, or place, wherein the cause of appeal shall have arisen, the appellant first giving, or Causing to be given, fourteen days notice at the lead in writing, of his or her intention to exhibit such appeal, and the matter thereof, to the person or persons appealed against, and, within four days after giving such notice, entering into a recognisance before some justice of the peace for such county, city, or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide by the order of, and pay such tcofts as shall be awarded by, the justices at such general or .quarter fettions; and the said justices at such sessions, upon due proof of such notice being given, and of the entering into such recognisance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the, causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award duch costs to the party appealing or appealed against as they lhali think proper; and the determination of such justices shall fce binding, final, and concluiive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever,

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no order, verdict, judgement, or other proceeding, made touching Of concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or touching the conviction

Persons aggrieved may

rffvoceedingfl otto be kuashed;

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 56.

vision of any offender against this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removable, by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Wefiminstery any law or statute to the contrary hereof in any wise not with (landing: and where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffers, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties diftrainitig be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall afterwards be do no by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satis facion for the special damage in any action upon the case; provided that no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover, in any action, for such irregularity, if sufficient tender of amends hath been made to him, her, or them, by or on behalf of the defendant or defendants, before such action brought.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted a<fti°ns* against any person or persons, for any matter or thing to be done

in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall belaid and tried in the county, city, or place, where the same shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in General issue such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit shall be commeneed, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other county or placethan as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs;; costs, and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

XIV And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Public act* deemed a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as

such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

nor distress deemed unlawful, for want of form

CAP,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.57, 58. [1785.' CAP. LVII

An act to exempt carriages, carrying the mail, from paying tolls at any turnpike gate in Great Britain.

preamble tt>r HER E A S by several acts of parliament, made for repair

*;. ' ing particular roads in this kingdom, carriages, horses, and

aether cattle, employed in the conveyance of the mail or packet, are ex empt from the payment of the tolls directed to be levied by such acts : m.d.. whereas, by fiveral other acts of parliament, horses only that are employed in carrying the mail or packet are exempt from the payment of the said tolls; and whereas it may be of advantage to the public that the mail, or packet, flmld be conveyed to differefit parts of the kingdom by carriages or public diligences, which renders it expedient that all carriages, as swell as horses and other cattle, conveying the mail or packet from one part of this kingdom to another, Should be exempt from the payment of tolls at all and every turnpike, toll gate, or bar, frefted or sit up by authority of parliament; be it therefore jena&ed by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the ^dvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

* commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au

Frora july 15, thority of the same, that, from and after the fifteenth day of 5785, all car 'July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, ' all carriages iortvs' carr _ ‘tyhat description soever, or horses, which shall be employed fng the mail, fn conveying from one part of this kingdom to another the £prfipted * mail or packet, which shall be made up under the authority or

direction of his majesty's postmaster general, or his deputy or

* deputies, shall be, and the same are hereby exempted, freed

and discharged from the payment of any tolls whatsoever that shall or pa ay be demanded for the passage of carriages or horses, through any turnpike, toll gate, or bar, at which any tqll is collected by any a or acis of parliament now in force; and all turnpike keeper's or toll collectors are hereby directed and required to permit such carriages and horses to pass through all and every turnpike, toll gate, or bar, without demanding any

- toll or duty for so doing; anything in any at or acts of parliament,

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII

An ati for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

preamble. *TTTHERE AS by an act of parliament, made in the fifth year V V of the reign of the late King George the first, intituledr, 5 Geo, 1. C An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts; and better securing the duties upon salt, it is, among other things, enafttd, That a certain bounty Should be paid Jor every cask or 'vejjel of pilchards, exported from any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond the jeas, under the restrictions and regulations in the said act mentioned: and whereas by another act, made in the third pear the reign of the late King peorge the Second intituledp a51 An act* ". * ** -

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 58; 247

act for taking off certain duties on salt, and for making good 3 Geo. a. C any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the east-india company on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lion executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mersey, in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; further provifms are made for the continuance, and refpeffing the payment of the before mentioned bounty: and whereas it has been sounds by experience, that the pilchard fi/hery hath of late years been dccreafmg, and great Losses have been fujlained by the adventurers concerned in the fold fishery, insomuch that the number of such adventurers, and of the craft therein employed, is confderably diminished; and there is reason to apprehend, that the benefit arising from the said fishery to the trade and navigation of this kingdom may be wholly lost, unless a further bounty be allowed for a limited time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That, for every cask or vessel of pilchards, containing fifty gal The bounty Ions, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity thereof, of 73. on the which shall be exported from any port or place in Great Bri of puchards, tain into parts beyond the Teas, between the twenty-fifth day of increased to June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the 9s for all to twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred andeigh be, exported ty six, upon which the person or persons exporting the same *5^785, and, shall be entitled to the bounty of seven Shillings, by virtue of or june under the said two several acts herein before mentioned, an additional bounty of two Shillings shall be paid and payable to such person and persons, lo entitled to the said bounty of seven shillings, at such times, in such manner, by such person and persons, and out of such moneys as the said bounty of seven shillings is, by the said two several acts, or either of them, du reded to be paid.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That the same rules Regulation and regulations shall be in force with respect to the pilchards in the ad 6f exported within the time herein before mentioned, in order to 5 the prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, and the owners landing of thereof shall be funjed to the same penalties, in case of reland pilchards, to ing, or any other fraudulent proceedings, in order to obtain the be in force said bounties granted and payable by this act, as, by the said

ad passed in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George 1 the First, are prescribed and inflicted, with regard to fish cured in and exported from that part of Great Britain called ' England.

III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clauferelative where any fish, entitled to the bounty granted by this act t fifo lo or upon exportation thereof, shall be loaden for exportation, spoiled

and duly entered and passed by the proper officer, and the said fish hall be lost or fpbiled before the ship's proceeding on her

R 4 voyage.

148 Anno vicfefwd quinto gfiorgti HI. C 58. [1785;

voyage, then the proper officer of the port or ports, where stich fiin so lost or spoiled was or shall be entered, shall, upon due proof thereof, made upon oath before any of the chief officers of such port (who are hereby irtipbwered to adhiinifter the same), by the proprietor or proprietors of such fish, or his oi their agents, give & debenture for the bounty granted by this as if such fish had been actually exported to parts beyond the seas; provided that the said fish was sunk in the sea or port where the said ship was lost or destroyed, in the flight of the ' ' proper officer, where any of the said fish shall come aftiore, and

that no use be made of the said fish by the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agents; and the said officer is hereby required to cause such fish to be burnt, or otherwise destroyed, anything in this or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

veffefs ' Pereas many vessels or boats, the length of which is

employed ins &jsater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in the pilchard breadth, are commonly employed, and are necessary to be employed in fishery are the pilchard finery; which vessels or boats, together with all the subject to g00tfs ia$en 'thereon, and their tackle and furniture, are subjected to tortei ure y ff fry an act mayen tfrg tweniy fourth year of the reign of ° - * his present Majesty, intituledr An act for the more effectual prevention

of fniuggling in this kingdom; unless the same arelicenfed as the said act dir efts: and whereas it is expedient that an easy method of obtaining such licences fiould be provided for the owners of such vejjels or boats, adventurers in the said fishery, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the officer, appointed to cblledt the duties on salt in

..... any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, and every such

icences to the officer is hereby directed and required, upon demand of the owner or owners of such vessel or boat, and security given as herein after mentioned, to grant to such owner or owners of such vessel or boat a licence, to be subscribed by such officer, specifying the tonnage of such vessel or boat, and deferibing the built thereof with respect to length and breadth, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof; which licence the said officer is hereby required duly to register, and no fee, gratuity, ipr reward, shall be demanded or received for the granting of such licence, nor for the registering of the same; and the owner pnd owners of such vessel or boat shall give sufficient security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in double the value of such vessel or boat, to be approved by, and to the fa fisfaduon of such officer, (which bond the said officer is hereby directed and required to provide, without demanding or receiving any fee or reward for the same, except the stamp duties pay ^h°°h'^dn8 a^e thereupon), with condition that such vessel or boat shall northeast boady not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign spirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, made the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or of any other act, or in the exportation of any goods which

ar

94 Geof 3. *47-

Collectors of .folt duties in any port, etc. Ito grant H

owners of such. veltels, on proper fe. purity being giypp.

*7? 5*1 Anno vicbfiaio qulntb gfebr&il till C 249

ate of ifiay Be prohibited to be exported from this kirigdbrrt, or in the relanding of any goods whatsoever, contrary to law, which are entered outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, dr which hre or may be prohibited to be used at worn iri Great Britain \ on failure whereof fdch licence shall be void and of no force or efsect, and such yeiflel or boat shall be liable to seizure and prosecution, in'the same manner as if no such licehce had been granted.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforfefald, That if ally Defendants

person or persons shall, at any time, be sued or prosecuted for iffuec

anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance ofgeneia 1 u 3 this al, he or they shall or may plead the general issue, and

give this av5t and the special matters in evidence for his defence; and if upon trial a verdict pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuit, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting the said adtidris, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs to liitri dr them awarded against and recover such plaintiff or plaintiffs; for which cofis, he shall have the doubie like remedy as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants.

VI And be it further feriacted, That this act shall be ddfcmdd, Public act. taken * and allowed, in all courts of law, as a publicfc at;

and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LX

An act for granting to Bis Majesty a certain him of money, to be faifed by a lottery.

650, 000!. to be raised by £ lottery, which is 16 con fid of 50, 000 tickets, at 13i. each. Books have been opened at the bank for that purpose'

'the Whole 650, 0001. has Been fubfefibed, and a deposit of if. 6s. made for each ticket. All persons who have made deposits, purfnaflt to the refoiution of the house of commons, are required to p^y the remainder of their subscriptions, viz. II 14s. for each ticket at the times specified, namely, il. 19s. on or before July 25, *785; il. 6s. on or before the 16th of August following; il. 6s. on or before the afith of September following; il. ron or before the 17th of October following; il. 19s. on or before the a8th of November following 5 il. 6s. on Or before the 15th of December following; and the remaining sum of XL 19s. on or before January 9, 1786. Every contributor paying 13i. to have a lottery ticket, and a share upon each fortunate ticket, having paid his proportion of the said 650, 0001. Gaftiier to give fe'eiifitjv to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to all moneys received into the exchequer. Comniiffioners of the treasury iftipowered to apply the money, paid in by the cashier, to such services as Avail have beeb Voted by the commons in parliament. 500, 000!. the amount of the prizes to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books to be as usual. The ticket:

LOTTERY for 1785.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in pursuance of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefect majesty's reign, beintitied to such

beneficial

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.59.' [1785.

beneficial chance as Shall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and under the directions of the said act.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Calbiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of the moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of fortunate tickets are, a of ao, oool. each; 3 of ib, oool. each; 5 of 5000i. each; 10 of a, oool. each; 15 of i, oool. each; 30of 500i. each 100 of 100i. each; 150 of 50i. each; 16, 275 of 20i. each: and also i, oool. to the first drawn ticket of the first day; i, oool. to ditto the 4th day; i, ooo1. to ditto the 7th day; i, oool. to ditto the 10th day; i, oool. to ditto the 13th day; X eoo1. to the first drawn ticket the 16th day; X oool. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 6, 1786. Method to be observed in drawing, cas usual. To draw until the whole number of 16, 690 fortunate tickets, and one more for the last drawn, be completely drawn. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets, C felony without benefit of clergy: managers may apprehend and commit the offender, C Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Provided that no attainder for any such offence, to work corruption of blood, etc. Managers to be sworn. The oath:

AB. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-fifth year of hia majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any .person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or iinifter practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

To be administered by two managers. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which Shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13i. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, etc. as they Shall think fit. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 1, 1786, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed by the major part of the managers. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or .paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of aol. Persons sued in execution of this act, may plead the general iflsue, and yecover treble costs.

CAP

*7%*1 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 60. 251

CAP. LX

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for providing a compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal secretaries of state, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post, between Great Britain and Ireland,

3, 197, 460]. 3s. jod. iq.l granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to*be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the sum of 1, 197, 4601. 3 s. 10 d. aq. gr any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of lpan, with orders for repayment of the money with ihtereft. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Undue preference in point of registry or payment, subject to an action of debt, or on the case, and to pay the value of the value of the debt, and full costs, and also to forfeit his office.

Auditor, etc. neglecting his duty, liable for damages, etc. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of assignment, and method of transferring of orders, by assignment endorsed and notified in the auditors office (without fee.) If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise by exchequer bills instead of loans the sum of 1, 197, 460!. 3s. lod. aq. and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the malt act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the said act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 297, 4601. 3s. iod.2q. notwithstanding an act ofjand6 Gul. & Maris. The sum of 7o*»539l* 16s. id. aq. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1785; 66, 1611. 3 s. 5d. sqv overplus of grants for 1^84; and 238, 928!. 16s. 3d. now remaining in the exchequer, shall be applied towards making good the supply.

33i1578i. 18 s. 2d. remaining in the hands of the paymaster general, shall be applied towards defraying extraordinary expenses of land foroes, and other Cervices, from Dec. 25, 1783, to Dec. 24, 1784* The moneys arising by the malt aft, C 2. Land tax, C 4. Loans, (1, 500, 0001.) C 11. further loans, (i, oo©, oool.) C 12. further bills, (i, ooo, ocol C 33. Lottery aft, 650, 0001. C 59. 702, 539b 16s. id. 2q. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1785; 6a, II 1. 3s. 5d. 2q. overplus of grants in 1784;

338, 9281. ids. 3d. remaining in the exchequer; atid 2, 297, 4601. 3s. jod. 2q. by this act granted out of the furplulfes of the sinking fund;

shall be applied (with the residue of the moneys arising from the sale of ' French prizes, etc.)to the ufesfollowing: 2, 551, 307b 17s. 2d. towards naval Cervices; 42, 035b 13 s. 8d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1784; 350, 820b is. 9d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1785; 2, 054, 684 b 10s. 10d. and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining the land foroes, and other Cervices after meiuioned; of which, 655, 963 b 4s. 3d. for defraying the charge of 18, 053 effective men, including 2, 030 invalids, and a‘fo officers, agency, etc. 222, 021b 4s. 4, d. for forces in plantations, and at Gibraltar, etc. for 1785; 6, 355]. 15 s 8d. for defraying the difference between the British and Irish sftabliffixnent of six battalions of foot, etc. 6, 9681. 9 8.9 d. advanced

...

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 60. [i 785.

vanced to a regiment of light dragoons, etc, for 1785; 25, 7s4i. 8s. 9d. q. for supernumerary officers, etc. for 1785:; 6, 1361. 10s. 6d. for general staff officers, for 1785; 74, 211 L 14s. 3d. for allowance to the pay matter general of the land foroes, to the secretary at war, to the commissary general of the mutter, to the judge advocate general to the comptroller of the accounts of the army, their deputies and clerks, including the contingent expenses of their respective offices, for exchequer fees, to be paid by the paymaster general, and on account fbr poundage to be returned to the infantry of the King's forces for the year 1785* 8, 904 b 66* 6d. for five battalions of Hanoverian infantry; 191, 2161. os. 6d. for Chejfea petitioners, 1785; 69, 2911.9s. 6d. for ftibfides to the Ikndgrave of Hesse Cassel, and to the reigning duke of Brunfvvick* for 1785; 56, 9891. is. 7d. to make good a dificiency to the landgrave of Hesse Cafiel* 13, 627b 7s. 6d. forpenfionsto officers widows; 7, 737b 18s* id. q for Several battalions of foot for different periods in 1784; 197>7°3 b 7s. 10d. for reduced officers; 335b 15s. 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horse guards reduced, etc. 57, 800 b is.nd. for cbmmissionfed officers of British American foroes; 736b 1 is. 6d. for Britiftt American Foroes, ih 1783; 4*3081. ns 3d. for ditto in 1784; 3*5351* os. 6d. for officers late in the service of the states general; 451, 537b 168. id. for extraordinaries, etc. from Dec. 15, 1783, to Dec. 25, 1784; 3, 500, 000 b for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of aft m 24 Geo. 3. C 33. f, 000, 0001. for paying off bill made out by virtue f another act of the same year. 52. 7, 066b 18s. 3 d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the home of common; 25, 000b towards carrying on the buiidftigs at Sbttierfet House; 2, 950b for E aft Florida; 3, 976b 17 9, 6d. for Ifova Scotia, for 1785; 1, 900 b for the id and of St. John 1, 550b for Cape Breton; 2, 370b for the Bahama islands 1, 591b ts. lod. for the chief justice of Somers Mauds, etc. 6, 356b 17s* for New brunswick in America; 13, 000b for maintaining forts on the? coast of Africa; 9, 000b for the commissioners of pubmck accounts; 3, 200b to make good the like sum paid to the fecretarics of the said commissioners, etc. 3, 600b for assisting the Levant Company; 800i for completing a road in North Britain, from Ballantrae m Ayrlhire, td Stranraer in Galloway, for the year 17855 5, 489b 17s. for general Murray, late governor of Minorca; to reimburse him 5600b paid to James Sutherland, pursuant to a verdict in the court of exchequer, in 3783; 8, 395b as. 5d. issued to Thomas Cotton esquire, to discharge bills drawn on the treasury by John Parr esquire, the governor of Nova Scotia; 36, 819b 19s. issued for relief of American civil officers, etc >6, 11 31. 13s..6d. 3q. to make good a deficiency in the 4 i half percent, duties; 150, 000b upon account, to fach persons who have prbved their Losses in America to the commissioners appointed by 13 Geo. 3. C 80; 3, 6ool. to be paid to Mr. Cunninghame for compiling an index to the journals of the house of commons, from 1547 to 1660; 13, 578b 14s. 4d. issued to Duncan Campbell for maintaining convicts, etc. on the river Thames; 11, 087b 7s. 8d. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1. C 11; 159, 620b is pd. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an acbi8 Geo. C 22; 114, 730b 4s. 8d. to make good the. deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3. C 185 158, 551b 48. fid. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 20 Geo. 3. C 16; 114, 214!. 4s. 3d. iq. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted by Un act II Geo. 3. C 8; 617, 466b 10s. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted'by an act 13 Geo. 3. 355 14, 044b to tnake good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by aa act 24 Geo. 3. C 10. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Sec. 26. Rules to be observed in the application of the hair pay: none to receive half pay who was under fixteenl years of age when his regiment, etc. was reduced, nor except he did actual service rif he had any other place of profit, civil or military, under the King; nor any chaplain who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Trdand; nor any person who has refigtttd his commission, and had none

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.6r. 25j

fincej nor to any person under a warrant, who would not otherwise he. intitted as reduced officers; nor to any officer'of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot disbanded, (except such as were lately taken off half pay in Great Britain, by an act 24 Geo. 3. C 44. a sum not exceeding 75, 116!. 18s, 6d. and a sum not exceeding 130, 300], were appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying the said officers, to be disposed of to officers who were xnaimed, etc. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct. Recital of 4 Geo. 3. C 24. whereby the clerks in the secretary of states offices had the privilege of franking printed votes, etc. as before acquftomed, which act by s4geo.3.c.8. was repealed, and the said privilege taken away, as a recompense for the loss, and a compensation for the advantages arising thereby. postoffice to pay joobl.per ann. to the secretaries of state, to be distributed by them amongst their clerks quarterly.

CAP. LXI

An act to authorije the lord fieward of the household, the lord chant

the master of the horse, the master of the robes,, and, the lords of the treasury, respectively, to pay bounties granted by his Majesty to persons in low and indigent cirtumfiances.

WHEREAS several servant's of his late and present Majesty Preamble have been dischargedfrom the employments they heldfever ally, in the departments of the lord fieward, lord chamberlain, mafier of the horse, and master of the robes, and the offices of other persons in 'the said departments have been fuppreffied; to which fervents and other persons, who have been so discharged, or whose offices have been so fupprejfed, his Majesty was graciously pleased to command, that certain allowances should be paid quarterly, under the name of a Bounty : and whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to odd to the lists of the persons abovementioned, in the respective departments aforesaid, sundry persons who have been officers or jervants^ and have been disabled or superannuated in his service, and, in fom& cases, the widows or children of servants dying in his service: and whereas his Majesty has yearly, and every year, been graciously pleased to grant the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, to be distributed in small sums among such female objects in difirefs, as the lords commiflfioners of his Majesty's treasury Should, from time to time, dir eft: and whereas, by an act paffied in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for enabling 22. Geo. 3. C his Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil list 8a. see, 19*. revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the. civil list; sundry offices have been fuppreffied and abolished, but the holders or occupiers of many of the said offices have, under the authority of the said act, been allowed compensations, which, under the direction of the lords commiffloners of his Majesty's treasury, have been paid quarterly by the proper officers appointed for that purpose, within the refpefliye departments of the lord fieward of the household, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, ana master of the robes: and whereas it is, among other things, by the said recited act enabled.

That no pension wbatjoever, on the ciyjl efiabliflmmt, shall thereafter

be

All bounties already given byhis majesty, as before mentioned, or which shall hereafter be given, may continue to be paid by the lord steward, etc.

t

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 6u [i785;

he paid but at the exchequer, and in the same manner as those penfrns which were then paid and entered at the exchequer under the heady title 1 and description of Pensions;; for the better prevention of all practises, by which such grants as of bounty might be made a colour under which pensions might be substantially. grantedcontrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, it was provided. That any sum or sums of money, so given as of royal bounty to any person more than once in three years, should be reputed a pension: and where doubts have arisen whether, according to the Jlrift letter of the said recited act, the several bounties and compensations aforesaid may not be considered as pensions which ought to be payable at the exchequer only, and whether the several officers who have hitherto paid the same are legally jufiified in the payment thereof; but as all such bounties, are of small annual amount, and payable to persons in low and indigent circumfiances, who are not within the meaning of the said recited act; and as all such compensations were so calculated, as that the parties should receive the whole thereof, clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, the transfer of such bounties and compensations for payment at the exchequer would be attended with muck inconvenience and considerable expense; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all bounties of the description aforesaid, already given or granted, or which may hereafter be given or granted, and all compensations given and granted to persons who heretofore held offices which have been fupprefied' or abolished, for and in respect of their respective offices so fupprefied or abolished, shall not be transferred for payment at the exchequer but be paid and continue to be paid within the several departments of the lord steward of the household, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, master of the robes, and treasury respectively, by the proper officer in each of the said departments appointed for that purpose, as they heretofore lately have been; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, from time to time to issue such sum and sums of money as shall be necessary for the payment of such bounties and compensations, within the respective departments aforesaid;; that all and every sum and sums of money already paid, or hereafter to be paid, by the respective officers in the several departments aforesaid for or on account of such bounties and compensations, shall be allowed to them respectively, in their several accounts, by the auditors and all other persons having the auditing and passing thereof; anything in the said recited act, or any other act, to the contrary thereof ir any wise notwithstanding.

CAP.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 62i 255

CAP. LXII

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

WHEREAS the exportation of hay may, at this time, ^ Preamble.

greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's subjects, be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the passing From the pass of this at, no person or persons whatsoever shall, directly or of this indire<$uy, export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or pro be^exporrea10 cure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of for a limited or from the kingdom of Great Britain, or load, ship, or lay on time, board, or cause or procure to be laden, shipped, or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of Great Britain, any hay of any kind or quality whatsoever, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) That on forfeiture all such hay so exported, or laden, shipped, cr laid on board, thereof, and ^ in order to be exported or carried out of Great Britain, contrary * Perton$ to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall several ly forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every tonne of such hay, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity which shall be" so exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of Great Britain, or laden,

shipped, or laid on board as aforesaid, in order to be so exported

or carried out of Great Britain; and also the ship or other" and the vefifeu

vessel or boat in or upon which any such commodity shall be so etc. on board

exported, shipped, or laden, in order to be so exported, and which it fhau

all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited exporte #

and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be

to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other

moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same; and for

offences which shall be committed in England, Wales, or the

town of Berwick upon Tweed, such penalty or forfeiture shall be

sued for, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, courts of the

counties palatine, or great sessions in Wales; in which suit, no

effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more tharc

one imparlance, shall be allowed; and for offences committed

in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action or summary

bill or information in the court of session or exchequer in

Scotland.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That officers of it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, custom, etc. being an officer or officers of the customs or excise, or being lawfully authorised in that behalf by the lord high treasurer, or be exp0rtedf the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such hay, not allowed

'Not to extend to hay necessary for cattle on board any ship, etc.

Hay may be exported to Ireland in certain cases;

the exporter giving feeu rity for the due landing thereof.

Hay may be carried coastwise.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii Iff, C 5?. [*785;

lowed to be exported by this act or by his majesty5s royal proclamation, or order in council, in purfuarice of this act, as he or they shall happen to find; know, or discover to be laid on board any ship, or other vessel or boat, at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed out of this kingdom contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, notaftually laden on board any ship, or other vessel or boat, and entered for exportation, on the twenty-third day of Julyy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be found; and to bring the same to the king's vyarehpufe qr warehouses belonging to the customhouse next to the pjao.e where such seizure shall be made, or to some other fgfe place, as near thereto as can conveniently be done, in order to be proceeded against according to law.

III Provided always, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of such or so much of the said commodity as shall be necessary to be carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in tl*eir respective voyages, for the sustenance and support of any horses, cattle, or sheep, in the same ships or vessels.

IV Provided also. That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to prohibit the exporting or carrying such commodity from Great Britain into the kingdom of Ireland, at any time when the exportation of hay of every kind or quajity, from the kingdom of Ireland, is or shall be prohibited by law; so as the exporter or exporters thereof do, before shipping or laying the same on board, in order to be so exported or carried from Great Britain into the kingdom of Ireland, with one or more person or persons, give sufficient security, by bond, in treble the Value of such hay to the customer, collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the port or place where such commodity shall be shipped or laden, (which security the said customer, collector, or other chief officer, is hereby empowered to take in the name, and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors)) the same hay, and every part thereof, shall be landed and delivered in the kingdom of Ireland, and in no other part or parts beyond the seas, and (the dangers and accidents of the seas excepted,) to return to the officer of the customs, to whom such bond shall be given, a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of such bond, signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs, at the port or place in the kingdom of Ireland where the said commodity shall be landed or delivered, importing that the same was there landed, and testifying the landing thereof, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of the said bond.

V Provided also. That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to .ship or put on board any such hay to be carried coastwise that

y L

1785.5 Anno vicesimo quinto georgii IH. C 63. 257

is to say, from any port, member, or creek of Great Britaini xo any other port, member, or creek, of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocquet or sufferance for that purpose, such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging the same in some other port, member, or creek of Great Britain, and returning a certificate in fix: months, as is required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority His Majesty aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at any time or times dur may permit ing the continuance of this act, shall (in his royal discretion) p^ed^ cx* judge it to be most for the benefit and advantage of this king proclamation, dom, to permit the exportation of any such hay, that then it etc.

shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his majesty's order in council, to be publiftied in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, (but not any particular person or persons) at any time or times to export or carry out of the kingdom of Great Britain, any such hay to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving security for the landing thereof in such place or places, and returning certificates pf such landing, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and in such proclamation or proclamations, or such order in council, to be published in the London Gazette shall be expressed and declared 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted, That all persons who have clauferela purchased hay for the purpose of exporting the same (provided tivetohay;. the quantity shall amount to one hundred tonnes or upwards) purchased. for shall be at liberty to' declare the bargain void, upon giving no e*portatlon* tice of such his, her, or their intention to the seller or sellers

of such hay, on or before the twentieth day of Augtift next, provided such bargain shall have been made on or after the twenty-ninth day of June preceding the said twentieth day of August.

VIII And be it further enacted. That this act: shall be and Continuance continue in force, until one month after the commencement of of this act the next session of parliament.

CAP. LXIII

An act for reducing the allowances for waste on salt and rock salt prjegftating the exportation of salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing'the laws allowing the use of soft salt for manure only 5 for allowing a drawback on the export tation of, Glauber or Epsom falls; for refraining fish curers fcom being dealers in salt 5 for regulating the exportation of heri tings from the Jfle. of Man; for better securing the duties on : \jfilty and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences ogdihft the laws relating to the duties on salt.

*§8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii II C 63. [ 1785*

Preamble.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the fifth year

5 Ann. C 29.  the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An

a for the ease of her majesty's subjects in relation to the duties upon salt, and for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flesh, oatmeal, and grain called beer alias bigg, as are to be made upon exportation of the like from Scotland, it is amongst other things enabled, That any merchant or person who Shall ship any English salt or rock salt, to he carried coastwise, from one port England or Wales, or port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any port England or Wales, or berwicmapon Tweed, Shall have an allowance after the rate of three bushels for every forty bushels of English white salt, and after the rate of one hujhel and an half for every forty bushels 0/englifh rock salt; and an allowance of four bushels for every forty bushels of white salt

of two bushels for every forty bushels of rock salt, exported in manner therein prescribed from England to Ireland, in conjideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof; and by another act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of her said late 6 Ann. C 12. majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An a to explain the at of the last session of parliament, for the ease of her majesty's subjects in relation to allowances out of the duties upon salt carried coastwise; and also an aof the first year of her majesty's reign, in relation to certain salt works near the seaside and bay of Holyhead in the county of Anglesea, the first mentioned allowance for waste is extended to all salt carried coastwise twenty miles or more by sea, or from the port a/'great Yarmouth, in the county of ‘norfolk, to Loweftoff or Southwold Bay, in the county of Suffolk, although the place to which the said faltfhould be carried be a member or creek of the port from whence the same was first hipped off: and whereas by an aftx made in the twentieth year of his present *0 Geo. 2. C Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty ad 34' ditiorial duties upon salt; and for regulating the exportation of

salt to the Isle of Man; the exporter or proprietor of white salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man is allowed four bushels for every forty bushels of white salt, afid two bushels for every forty bushels of rock salt, in conjideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof upon the terms mentioned in the said act in that behalf: and whereas it is found, by experience, that the said allowances far exceed the real waste, and that many opportunities are thereby given of evading the payment of the several duties on salt, and the payment thereof is thereby daily evacted, to the great diminution of the said duties; be it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the prdmaug. i, authority of the .same. That, from and after the first day of ^owances for one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, each and

waft^on^ak every f the said several allowances for waste on white salt and reduced. rock salt carried coastwise, or shipped or exported to Ireland, r the Isle of Man, be reduced and lessened; and that, instead of _ the said several allowances before mentioned, there be allowed from thenceforth for waste on white salt and rock salt, carried

coastwise

hosted by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii TILL C 6%. 259

coastwise not less than twenty miles by sea, after the rate of one bushel for every forty bushels of white salt, and after the rate of half a buftiel for every forty bushels of rock salt, and no more, and in that proportion far a greater or Jess quantity; and for waste on white salt and rock salt, exported to Ireland and the isle of Man, after the rate of two bushels for every forty bushels of white salt, and after the rate of one bushel for every forty bushels of rock salt, and no more, and in that proportion for a greater or less quantity, the persons who claim the said allowances hereby given producing such certificate as is by the said former acts required, anything in the said acts, or any other, to the contrary in anywise notwithstandirig 5 and tha't no allowance whatsoever be from thenceforth made for waste on any salt carried coastwise by sea less than twenty miles.

II And whereas by an act, made in the feeond and third years of Recital of % the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for the & 3 Anne better securing and regulating the duties upon salt, it is (amohgjl C *4' other things) enabled and declared, That any person exporting any salt to Scotland, the Isle of Man, or the ([lands of Jersey and Guernsey, according to the directions of the several alls relating to the said duties upon salt, is and Shall be inti tied to a drawback of the duties of the salt Jo exported, in such manner as in case of the exportation of salt to any other foreign parts: and whereas great sums of, money are paid out of his Majesty s duties upon salt, on account of debentures for English white salt y slipped under pretence of being exported to the islands of j erfey and Guernsey, and it is found, by experience, that great part of such salt hath been fraudulently put on flore and relanded, without being carried to the said islands, by which evil practises his Majesty s said duties are very much lessened: and whereas the like frauds had been frequently committed, on the exportation of salt ana rock salt to the lfle of Man; for remedy whereof it was enacted, by an act passed in the twentieth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An act for granting to his Ma ao Geo. 3. C jejly additional duties upon salt, and for regulating the exportation of 34* salt to the Isle of Man, That no debentures should be made or granted, or drawback allowed, for any salt or rock salt exported to the Isle of Man, until a certificate should be obtained of the particular quantity landed, according to the directions of the said. ad: and whereas it is reasonable and fitting that the provisions of the said acf in that behalf flould extend to white salt and rock salt) slipped to be exported to the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and to theaflands of Alderney and Sark; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several diree provisions of tions, regulations, and provisions of the said last mentioned the last men ad, so far as the same relates to the exportation of any white tioned actre salt or rock salt to the Isle of Man (except as to the allowance portfnefaltto for waste as herein after mentioned) shall extend, and be the Isle of deemed and construed to extend, to the exportation of white Man, extend ftlt and rock salt to the islands of Jersey9 Guernsey9 Alderney, and ed t0 j€rfcy> Sari in as full and ample manner as if they were, repeated and etc

S 2 hereby

io

Allowance of waste on salt exported to said ihands reduced.

Recital of $ Ann. C 8.

Penalty on performs in whose possession salt brought from Scotland by land (half be found.

%\ Geo. C 39»

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 63, [1785*

hereby several ly re enacted, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That, instead of the allowance for waste of four bu(hels for every forty bushels of white salt, and of two bushels for every forty bushels of rock salt, shipped for exportation to the l(le of Man in pursuance of the said last mentioned actor to the ihands of jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, every exporter of white salt and rock salt to the islands of Jer jey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the Isle of Man, shall be allowed only one bushel for every forty bushels of, white salt, and half a bushel for every forty bushels of rock salt, in consideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof.

IV And whereas by the eighth article of the oft of union, pajfld in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, no salt whatsoever is allowed to be brought from Scotland to England by land, in any manner, under the penalty of forfeiting the salt, and the cattle and carriages made use of in bringing the same, and paying twenty billings for every bushel of such salt, and proportionally for a greater or lesser quantity, for which the carrier, as well as the owner, is liable jointly and several ly, and the persons bringing or carrying the same, to be imprisoned by any one justice of the peace by the space of six months, without bail, and until the penalty be paid: and whereas salt brought from Scotland by land is frequently found in the custody or possession of persons who live near the borders of that part of the united kingdom called Scotland; and if discovered by any of the officers for the salt duties, the person or persons in whose cup tody or poffiession the same is sounds pretend that the same doth not belong to him, her, or them, so that the abovementioned penalties cannot be in flitted on such offender or offender as in that att are described: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every person, residing in any county in England near the borders of Scotland, in whose custody or possession any salt brought from Scotland shall be so found, shall be liable to the same penalties as if he or she was the carrier or owner thereof; unless he or she shall make it appear upon the trial, or hearing of any information for such offence, that it came by sea, and that the duties due and payable on the importation thereof had been paid or secured.

V And whereas by an act pajj'ed in the eighth year of his present Majesty s reign, soul salt is permitted to be delivered from any salt works, upon paying a duty cf fourpence a bushel, upon the terms therein mentioned, for manuring of land only: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty second year of his present majesty*s reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt; and to prevent frauds in the duties on soul salt, to be used in manuring of lands; reciting, "That, notwithstanding the reflrittion in the said att, abuses had been committed contrary to the intent and meaning

thereof

1785*3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III c.63.

thereof 1 and for preventing them in future, it was'enacted. That no grey or fcrow salt, salt jcakyfandjcale, or crusings, or other soul salt whatsoever, produced or to be produced at any salt works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town Berwick upon T weed, from the manufacturing of such white salt as afore faidy Jhouldy from and after the twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, be removed or carried away from the works where the same ffould be produced without notice first given to the officer attending such works, or who Should reside nearejl thereto; and without having been firs well and sufficiently mixed with common chimney coal sooty in the proportion of two bujheh of foot to one hundred bujhels of such salty under the penalty therein mentioned \ which provision in the said act has not had the good effect to prevent such abufesy but great frauds are daily committed by diverse manufacturers unlawfully using such foul salt, without the means of detection to the great diminution of the salt duties, who must otherwise use white salt; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That those parts of the said recited acts, which allow the Part of the using of soul salt for the manuring of land only, and direct that as of 8 and it shall not be removed from the works without having been %% 3#

first mixed with chimney coal soot, shall be, and the/fame are repeae # hereby declared to be repealed.

VI Andy in order to obviate any doubts that may hereafter arise respecting the duties payable for such foul salt, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Augufly From Aug. ione thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all soul salt that all soul shall be made or produced at any salt works, shall be subject ablvto the and liable to the same duties as any English white salt is now, same duties or hereafter may be subject and liable to, and to such and the as white salt, like directions, regulations, andrprovi(ions, in every refpedf, as

if they were several jy enumerated and re enacted in the body of this adh

VII And whereas by an ady made in the twenty second year of Recital of the reign of his present Majesty, intituledy An act for granting to ** Geo, 3. cf his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties Upon 39*

Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for

glass, made from salt, and to prevent frauds in the duties on soul salt, to be used in manuring of lands; a duty of twenty Billings for every hundred weight is laid on all Gaols known or called by the name 0/" Glauber or Epsom Salts, made or produced at any salt works in Great Britain, and after that rate for a greater qrlefs quantity: and whereas it is foundy by experience, xthaty since the said duty has been impofedy the exportation of the said salts has been much leffenedy to the hurt of the maker or manufacturer thereof it is therefore but reasonable that a drawback or alloivance Should be made of so much of the said duty on exportationy as will enable the maker or manufacturer to render the sale thereof at foreign markets,

Upon equal terms with that of any other country; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first Exporters of day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all Glauber or and every person or persons who shall export, or cause to be ex lowed

ported, beyond the Teas, any salts known or called by the name a drawback.

S ^ pf

,

From Aug. X 1785, no fish curer shall fell salt, except to other curer.

5 Geo. 1. C 18.

Penalty.

Recital of iz peo. 3. C 58

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III G. 63. [17&5.

ol Glauber or Epsom salts, made or produced at any salt works in Great Britain, the duty whereof shall have been paid, shall, upon such exportation, be entitled to a drawback or allowance of ten Shillings out of the said duty for every hundred weight of the said salts, upon such and the like terms as in the cases of exportation of foreign and English salt.

VIII And whereas great frauds have been committed in the salt revenue by fish curers becoming dealers in salt for home consumption; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no fish curer or fish curers flfall, directly or in directly, fell, retail or vend any salt other than to fish curers, in pursuance of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of'his late majesty King George the First, entitled, An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts; and for better securing the duties on salt, under the penalty of forfeiting twenty shillings a bushel for every bushel that he, (he, or they shall so dispose of, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity; and shall never afterwards be permitted to have salt duty free, or be concerned with any other or others as a curer of fish.

IX And whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of his pre

► sent Majesty s reign, entitled, An act for the further encouragement of the herring fishery on the coast of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the bounties upon the British white herring fishery, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy one; any sort of herrings, (aught upon the coafis of the Isle of Man and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the duties therein mentioned, the mafier or other person having the charge of the ship so importing such herrings, bringing with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chiefs or chief magistrate for the time being, that oath had been made before him or them, in the presence of the officer of the cufioms for ihe port or place where such herrings were put on boards that the same were bona side taken on the coafis of the Isle of Man and cured there; which certificate or certificates also to be attefied by the said officer of the cufioms, and to express the number of barrels and quantity of such herrings respectively, and the marks of the package expressed in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names, place or places of abode of such person or persons as shall have made the oath thereby dir eft ed, and where and to whom such herrings shall be consigned in Great Britain; and the mafier, or person taking charge of the hip or veffiel importing the same, also making oath before the collector or principal officer of the jalt duties, at the port or place of importation in Great Britain, that the said herrings were the same that were taken on board by virtue of the said certificate or certificates foto be produced \ on failure whereof or of any of the requisites therein mentioned, the herrings to be liable to the same duties penalties, and forfeitures, as such herrings would have been liable to by law, if the said act had not been made: and whereas, before the faffing of the said act, all kinds offifh were prohibited

'

1785*1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 2 63

hibittd frm being brought in or imported from the said if and; and it is since found by experience that herrings caught and cured upon the said coasis, are clandejibiely hipped, and fraudulently brought into Great Britain, to the loss of the revenue, and injury to the fish curers there, contrary to the intention of the said act, which may in a great tneafure be prevented, if further provisions andjuitable penalties were to be in flitted on persons offending against the said at?; be it there * enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after From Aug. t, the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty 1785, 00 tier five, no herrings, caught upon the coasts of the lfe of Man, thecoafts

and cured there, shall be shipped or exported from thence, for the jqc of

any place or places whatsoever, till such certificate or certifi Man, C shall cates is or shall be obtained as required by the said act, under be exported the penalty of forty Shillings a barrel, and foin proportion for a [!ra thence greater or less quantity, to be recovered of the owner, propri certificate's etor, tnafter of the veiled, or the person or persons who shall obtained, etq. ship or export the same, and also giving bond to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in double the amount of the duty, to the satisfaction of the chief officer of the customs for the time being, (who is hereby required and empowered to take the same), at the port or place in the said island where such herrings shall be shipped or put on board, for the truly landing of .them at the port or place for which they shall be so shipped or put on board, and if for Great Britain, upon paying the duty and making the oath upon the importation thereof; which bond shall be discharged, and given up without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the chief officer of the customs, for the time being, of the port or place in the said island from whence the said herrings were exported, within twelve months from the date of the said bond, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for such chief officer of the customs to cause such bond to be put in suit, unless he shall find fuffieient cause to forbear the same; which certificate the chief officer of the salt duties, or otherwise of the customs, (in case there shall happen to be no salt officer), at the port or place of importation in Great Britain, or any other of his majesty's dominioas, is hereby directed and required to grant, without fee or reward; and if exported to any other place or places out of his majesty's dominions, then, upon certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate there, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such place or places, that such herrings were there landed; or upon proof, by credible persons, that such herrings, or part thereof, were taken by enemies, perifhedin the feasor were otherwise lost or destroyed by any inevitable accident; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chies, or chief magistrates of the said lfe if Man, for the time being.

X And whereas British salt, delivered duty free for the curing iffijh for foreign markets, is liable to frauds for want ofsecurity being given as for foreign salt, when delivered over into the curers foie

S 4 cujlody

From Aug. 1785, on delivery of salt duty free to

2 64 Anno videfimo quinto geor©ii III C 63. [ tytgi

tujlody at the beginning of (he fijbing feafonr, for remedy whereof, be.it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on delivering over such salt from the joint custody curers for fb f he officer and proprietor, into the foie custody of the proprie reign mar tor or his agent, for the curing of fish for exportation the said kets jecunty proprietor or his agent shall give security (to the satisfaction of °fficer f the salt duties in the port or place where faction of the ^uch salt has been lodged) in double the amount of the duties, officer. that he or they shall and will account for the same in the terms of, and according to tb, e true intent and meaning of the several ails of parliament made in that behalf, in like manner as the curers of fish now do for the foreign salt delivered into their X folecustody, for curing fish for exportatipn, by virtue of an ast made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King Such salt to George the Second; and that all such salt shall, upon being de t'c w eighed m 'jjvered into the foie custody of the proprietor, be weighed over by the said proprietor or his agents in the presence of the officer for the duties on salt, if he shall require the same, to the end that the quantity of salt delivered into the proprietor's foie custody, and the deficiency (if any) from the quantity before lodged under the joint lock and key of such officer and proprietor, as aforesaid, may be truly ascertained, and the real quantity wanting at the re delivery truly known, making a reasonable allowance for the waste for the time the said salt lias been so locked up; and that every fish curer, who shall neglect of refuse to weigh over, to the officer for the duties on salt, what salt shall remain unused, (in order to adjust the quantity used), and also to lock up the remainder in the joint custody of the officer and proprietor, when thereunto duly required by the said officer, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and shall never afterwards be permitted to have salt duty free for the curing of fish, or be concerned with any other or others as ^a*fi/v, e^rec* a curer f and that no salt whatsoever, after the same has not to bee * delivered into the foie custody of the curer of fish for so moved with reign markets, shall be delivered over to any other person for out a warrant the curing of fish, nor shall be removed from the place where from the of lodged to any other place for curing fish, without giving notice to the officer, and having a warrant from him for removing the same, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, by the proprietor or owner of the salt, or the person removing the same; and that no person whatsoever shall be deemed or taken to be a curer of fish, so as to entitle him to have any salt delivered into his foie custody duty free., for the curing fish for foreign markets, who has not a warehouse, storehouse, or other proper place, wherein the salt may be securely lodged under the lock and key of the officer sot the duties on salt, as well as the said proprietor, as the law directs..

And for the better and more impartial trial of any indictment or information, which Shall at any time hereafter be found, commenced or prosecuted for any ajfault made or committed upon any .of

the

iicer.

1785.] Anno vicesimo jqpato Georgii IIL c.63. %6$

the officers of the Jalt duties, or, any other person or persons a sling in their aid be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That inai&ments every such offence shall arid may be inquired of, examined, foraffauits tried, and determined, in any county within that part of the ™ ° tried kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such manner and inanycounty. form as if the said offence had been therein committed.

XII And whereas it. hath been sounds by experience, that the bailiffs and other officers, having the execution of process in the several counties, cities, and liberties of this kingdom, often hold correspondence with the p erf ons guilty of offences contrary to the laws or statutes relating to the duties on salt, or other duties under the management of the commissioners for the. duties on salt, and give them notice when any writ or procejs ijjues against them, whereby they escape from justice; for remedy thereof,, be it further enabled bv the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of August, ]?rom £ug# Xj one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, where any writ 1785, when

of capias, or other process, shall issue out of any court, directed ™rits ca' X ^ 1 # j * piss arc

to any sheriff, mayor, bailiff, or other person having the exe }ffue'd acrainft

cution of process in any county, city, or liberty, against: any offendersre

person who shall be guilty of, or prosecuted for any offence lative to the

whatsoever, contrary to any of the laws or statutes now in be felt duties, a

ing, or hereafter to be made, relating to his majesty's said duties ran^fl^fb'e

on salt, or any other duties under the management of the com granted for

missioners for the said duties on salt, every such sheriff, mayor, apprehending

or bailiff, and other persons having execution of process as them.

aforesaid, and their and every of their under sheriffs, deputies, \

and other persons acting for them in the said office and offices

respectively, shall and are hereby enjoined and required, upon

the requefi: or application of the known solicitor for the duties

on salt (such requefi: to be in writing endorsed upon the back of

the said process, and signed by such solicitor), to grant a special

warrant or warrants to such person or persons as shall be

named to them; by such solicitor, for the apprehending such

offender and offenders; or, in default thereof, every such he Penalty on

riff, mayor, bailiff, under sheriff, and other person acting in ffienffs^etc.

the said office or offices respectively, shall be subject and liable e'

to such process of contempt, fines, amerciaments, penalties, ^

and forfeitures, as they, or any of them, are now by any law,

custom, or usage, liable to in case of refuting or neglecting to

execute the like process, where the defendant might have been

taken thereupon, in the common and usual method of proceeding.

XIII And whereas it has been doubted where the commissioners for the duties on salt, and justice s of the peace, have respectively issued out any summons for the appearance of persons offending against, or for forfeitures incurred by the laws relative to the duties on salt, or any other law under the management df the commissioners for the said duties on salt, which hath been left at the house or usual place of rest dence, or with the wife, child, or menial servant of such persons, whether the same Should be deemed and adjudged a good and sufficient summons, and as legal and effectual a notice as if the same had

a 66

summontes for the appearance of offenders, left at their place of abode, etc, to be deemed legal notice.

Summonfes relative to the salt duties, left at the house, shop, etc. as effectual notice as If delivered to the party, etc.

Clause relative to actions for recovery of goods seized by virtue of any act relating to salt duties.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 6f. [i785;

been actually delivered to the proper bands of such person or persons to, whom the same was or were directed: now, in order to put an end to such doubt, be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every such summons, so left as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a good and sufficient summons, and as legal and effectual a notice, as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper hands of such persons to whom the same was by name directed.

XIV And, for the future, it is hereby enacted, That in all cases relating to the duties on salt, or to any of the other duties which now are, or hereafter may be under the management of the commissioners of the said duties on salt, the leaving such summons at the house, workbouse, warehouse, boiling house, hot house, salt crib, (hop, celiar, vault, or usual place of residence of such person or persons, directed to such person or persons, by hisi her, or their right or assumed name or names, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be as legal and effectual a notice and summons, to all intents and purposes, as if the same was personally given or delivered to or into the hands of the party or parties for whom the same shall be designed,, as if the same was directed ta the party or parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her, or their proper name or names.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.. in case any information or suit shall be commenced and brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any salt, fish, or other goods whatsoever, or the package thereof, seized as forfeited by any act or act of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his majesty's duties on salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the said duties on salt, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horses or other cattle, or of any carriages used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be found for the owner or claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court, before whom the said action or information shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause of seizure, the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried, shall certify on the record, that there was a probable cause for the seizing the said salt, fish, goods, package, ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, as the case may be; and in such case the claimant or owner shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person who seized the said salt, fish, goods, or package, or the said ships, vessels, or boats, or the horses, or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; and that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such salt, fish, goods, or package, or of any ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, used and employed in removing or carrying the. same, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or

defendants

1785.} Anno vlcefyno quinto georghiu. c.63. 267

defendants, if the court or judge, before whom such action, indicsment, or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify, on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized,, the value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant, in such prosecution, be fined above one shilling.

XVI Jnd, for the more ejfeflucl preventing vexatious suits again ft the officers for the salt duties and their ajfijlants, acting under the authorities and powers to them given by the several statutes made?, or hereafter to be made, for securing the duties on salt and rock salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the duties on salt, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand From Aug. t, seven hundred and eighty-five, no writ shall be sued out against,

nor a copy of any process served upon any officer or officers out agajnft for the salt duties, or against any person of persons acting by anyofficerfor his or their order, and in his or their aid, for anything done salt duties, for in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, until one ^ntu * calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been deter a livered to him, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the month's no attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue out such tice. writ or process as aforesaid;; which notice (hallbe clearly and explicitly contained the cause of adkion, the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent, and that a see of twenty Shillings shall! be paid for the preparing and serving of every such notice, and no more.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

V That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said of Officer, with ficers, or other persons adtingin their aid, to whom such notice in a month shall be given as aforesaid, at any time, within one calendar month after such notice shall have been given, to tender amends der amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, etc. and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such tender in b3r to any action to be brought against him grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or her action, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs, as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the general issue only; and if upon issue so joined, the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and shall also find against the defendant ox defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give 3 verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, together with his or her costs of suit.

XVIII Provided

2^8

No evidence of the cause of ad ion to be produced, except that contained in such notice.

defendant allowed to pay money into court.

Limitation of actions.

General issue.

Treble costs.

In actions brought relative to seizures, proof of payment of duties to lie on the claimer.

Anrio vicfefimo quinto Georgii III C 63. [1785.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plaintiff, in any case where an action shall be grounded on any ad done by the defendant, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any verdict against such officer or persons acting in his aid, unless he shallprove, on the trial of such action, that such notice was given, and that in default

such proof, the defendant in such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case such officer, or others acting in his aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have tendered inefficient amends, before the action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by leave of the court where such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by any officer or officers for the salt duties, or any others acting hi his or their aid, in execution of, or by reason of his or their office, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement shallbe given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the same, as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where costs are given by law.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any salt, fish, or other goods, liable to the duties on salt, or any other duties under the management of the commis fidners for the said duties on salt, shall be seized by virtue of, or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made; or if any action shall be brought by the owner or claimer of any such fair, fish, or other goods, Against any officer or officers for the salt duties, or any person jading in their assistance, for anything done in pursuance of any such act or acts, the proof of the payment of the said duties upon such salt, fish, or other goods To seized, shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such salt, fish, or other goods, and not on - the

17&5c] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III c.63. 269

the person who seized the same or against whom such action shall be brought. '

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority tiforesaid,

That if any person or .persons shall obftru&, assault' ' op Penalty on pose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of the salt duties pbftru&ing in the execution of his or their office, or in the execution of any 0 cers* of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officers by this or any other a now in force, or hereafter to be made; or shall beat or abuse the said officers, or any of them, in the execution of their office; every person or persons so ofr, sending shall' several ly forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum Of one hundred pounds.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven From Aug. r, hundred and eighty-five, upon the entry of any claim to any 1785, claim horses or other cattle, or to any carriages, or to any: ship, boat, bv°vir or other vessel, or to any salt, fish, or other goods, or the pack tue of any salt age thereof, or to any other thing whatsoever, seized for any act, to enter cause of forfeiture, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament into bond to now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on Paf costs C salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the salt duties, the person or persons who shall enter the claim, as the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof (in case such claimant shall reside in the kingdom of Great Britain shall be bound, with two other fufijcient securities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim; and if such owner or proprietor shall not reside in Great Britain, then, and in such case, the attorney or solicitor, by whose jliredtion such claim shall be entered, shall, in like manner, be bound with two other sufficient securities, in the like penalty, to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV And whereas, by the several regulations hereby established,

and by the reduction in the allowances granted by former ails of par" " .: :

the produce of the several and respective duties on salt will be much incteafed\ be it therefore enacted. That a just and reason A Just pro able proportion shall be taken by the cashier of the said salt du ties, out of the moneys that shall arise and come to his hands, ta^ncfor° for the respective duties granted by the before recited acts of the duties the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King granted by the George the Second, and of the twentieth and twenty second tormer acts years of the reign of his present Majesty; and he the said cashier ia, oool. to be shall set apart, and pay into the receipt of his majesty's exche Paid annually quer, the annual sum of twelve thousand pounds, by payments chequer COF three thousand pounds each quarter; videlicet? on or before *

the tenth day of October the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July in every year, the first quarterly payment to be paid for the quarter which will end the tenth day of Qflobery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and such quarterly sum and sums of three thousand pounds;

so

all other mo nies.

Application

thereof.

applied.

276 Anno vicesimo quinto georsii III C 63. [1785*

and entered foto be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer shall be en separate from tered and kept diftindi and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty; his heirs apd successors; and thall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as are or shall be granted by any actor acts of this session of parliament, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament (entitled. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy vie mailing, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this acts imposed, forfeitures and all other fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by any former act

covered^mid6" or hereafter to be imposed, relating to the duties on

covere an or any other duty now or hereafter to be under the management

of the commissioners for the duties on salt, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or salt duties, now in being, or hereafter to be made refpedtivejy; and that no appeal or writ of certiorari shall be allowed upon any judgement or conviction in any penalty or forfeiture inflicted, either by this or any other act made or to be made relating to the duties on salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the salt duties, or by any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance; any law or statute to the contrary in any wise not with ftandingj and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (not otherwise directed by any former act) shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or

may plead the prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this general issue, or any otjier at now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on salt, or other duties under the management of the commissioners for the duties on salt, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, or such other acts, and the special matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defencesj apd if afterwards a verdict shall pass for th defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against any such plaintiff of plaintiffs.

XXVII And whereas many persons, having incurred heavy penalties by reason of offences committed against the laws for collecting and securing the duties on salt) and on account of foreign and British

salt

Defendants

and recover treble costs.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto GEORGII III C 64. 2.71

salt delivered duty free for the fi/heries, are deterred from renouncing their evil courses, through fear of being discovered by same of their officiates, and thereby subjected to prosecution: and whereas it is ex pedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to persons under the afore aid circumfiances; be it therefore enacted, That no prosecution, perfoot by bill, plaint, information, or action of debt, shall be commen indemnified ced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason for offences of any offence committed, by any person or persons, against any of the provisions of any act or acts for coljeding and fecur duties, before ing the duties under the management of the commissioners of June i, 1785, the salt duties, committed before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, but that the said penalties and forfeitures be wholly pardoned and released.

CAP. lxtv.

An act for altering and amending anoel, made in the last session of parliament entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported,, and alia certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain. \

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty fourth year 0/* Preamble the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for Recitaj Of granting to his Majesty certain .duties on all gold and silver 44geo.‘3. b. plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver 53* wrought plate made in Great Britain, after reciting, That gold and silver wares, when sent to be marked and assayed, were sent in fa rude and rough a Jiate, that the same in the finishing were greatly lejfened in weight, it was enacted, That the person appointed by the several companies, or assay offices, to take and receive the moneys and duties diretted by the said act, Should, where such plate was sent to be marked and assayed in the same rude and rough Jiate as theretofore had been usual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weighty and an allowance of one fifth part of the duty imposed by the said a CL to the person or persons bringing the same: and whereas doubts have arisen upon the confiruction of the words rude and rough state as theretofore had been usual, the manufacturers having been accujlomed, time immemorial, to foetid in their work in various fates to the assay offices to be marked and assayed, and great inconveniences and disputes frequently arifa between the manufacturers and assay officers, on the confiruction of the said words: for remedy whereof,

, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From July 14, day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the 1785, the per person appointed by the said companies or assay offices to take and receive the moneys and duties directed by the said act, Dufies payable where such plate is sent to be marked in any unfinished state, for marking Jothajt a diminution in the weight thereof must necessarily re of plate, may

main to be made by the worker or manufacturer thereof, before "ache an ai"

4 lowajaceot

iyi Anno vicesimo quinta Georgii III. C 64* [ 1785/

1-6th part of the same shall be finished, shall, in respect of such diminution the duty for as aforesaid, make a deduction of one ibcth part from the pla*e. weight, and an allowance of one sixth part of the 4uty imposed unfinuhvd *** ^7 Afe said act, to the person or persons bringing the same, inflate stead of one.fifth part, as by the said recited act is directed and Shall, at the bottom of the note or memorandum by the said act directed the kept and filed; express the dedudion from the weight, and the allowance of the duty accordingly, as in and by thedaid ad was directed

two clauses H. And whereas by the said recited act it was also enabled. That, in the act of in case any person or persons whatsoever Should, at any time or times la ft session re after the jirfi day of December, one thousand even hundred and cited, eighty-four, during the continuance of the duties by the said act imposed

upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, export, by way of merchandise, for any foreign parti, any plate of gold or fliver, wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by the said act is charged or chargeable with the respective duties of eight Billings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the same Should appear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the first day ^ December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and the duty thereby directed Should have been paid thereon $ and Should give fuffident security, before the hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such plate or manufactures of gold and silver, intended to be exported a; aforesaid? and every part thereof,. Should not be reloaded or brought again into Great Britain, and Should male proof, upon oath, that the same gold or silver plate or. manufactures ivere actually made and marked as aforesaid, after the said sirs day December, one thousand seven hundred, and eighty-four; and Should also produce or deliver to such cufiomer or collector a certificate under the hand of the person to whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and flyer were consigned, certifying that the same had been received, and mentioning the weight and particular species of plate so consigned and received, the name of the person consigning the same,, the name of the vessel, and the name of the captain commanding such vessel, and the port of Great Britain from which the said vessel was cleared, and the port to which such vessel. was bound; and Should also, where the drawback fimld amount to five pounds, and upwards, authenticate such certificate by notarial aft in writing, and where the same could not be done by a notarial aft, then the same Should be authenticated under the hand and seal of the chief magifirate of the city, town, or place, where such wrought plate or manufacture of gold and jilver Should be received; that then the said cuf omer or collector Should give to the exporter thereof a debenture, expressing the true kinds and quantities of such plate and ' \ manufactures of gold or Jilver so exported, or Jbtpped to be exported;

and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the fearcben Upon the said debenture, the collector or receiver of the said duty on plate, upon the said debenture so certified being produced.to him, Should ' forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight billings for every ounce Troy on gold, and sixpence for every ounce Troy oti fiver plate or manufacture, out of the money in his hands, in the u manner

N

1785o Anno vicesimo qubto Georgii III C 64. *73

manner in the aid aft particularly mentioned and set forth : and whereas the great delay in with bolding the drawback, in cases where fitch plate or manufacture of gold and silver is wanted to be exported to the Eart and West Indies, and to other disant parts, until the certificate, directed in the said recked clause, can be procured from the persons to whom such wrought plate is configntd, tends greatly to impede the exportation of gold and silver manufactured plate to foreign parts, and is very injurious to the manufacturers thereof: and whereas by the feud recited act it was olfo further enacitd, Thai all wrought gold and silver plate, which Should be intended to be exported from this kingdom into any foreign parts, Jhouldbefore the same was slipped, be brought to the ajfay office, and Should there be Jumped with the figure of a Britannia, in order to denote that such plate was intended for exportation, and to be allowed the drawback thereon : and whereas the ft riling the Britannia mark on many artieks of wrought gold and silver plate, in theirfinifbedfate, can in no way be praclijtd without doing material damage to such wrought plate; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth and repealed, day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said two last recited clauses in the said act contained, and each of them, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

III And, in order to prevent any injury to the manufacturers of gold and silver plate, and for the better encouragement of the exportation thereof, be it enacted, That in case any person or persons Clause For the wfiatsoever (hah, at any tien or times after the twenty-fourth encourage day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, dur ment of the ing die continuance of the duties by the said recited act imposed of gom^and upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, ex fiiver plate, ported by way of merchandise, for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or silver, wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which, by the said recited act, is charged or chargeable with the said respective duties of eight Shillings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the same lhail appear to have been made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the duties thereby directed shall have been paid thereon, and shall give suffi event security, before the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such plate, or manufactures of gold or silver, intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall not be re landed or brought again into Great Britain \ and shall make proof, upon oach, that the same gold or silver plate, or manufactures, were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the time in the said recited act mentioned, which security shall be taken in the king's name, and to bi use, and the oath or oaths administered by the customcr or collector of the respective port of such exportation, without fee or reward; that then, and in every such case, and without the production of any such certificate, or notarial or other act in writing, as in the said act is mentioned, the said customer or collator shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, exprefit vol. XXXV T injg

£74 Anno vicesimo quinta Georgii [1785.

ing the trud kinds arid quantities mf fuel! plate and manufactures of gold or silver so exported, or shipped to be exported; and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collector or receiver of the said duty upon plate, at the several assay offices where the same were marked and assayed, shall, upon the said debenture, so certified, being produced to him, forthwith pay a drawback or allowance, after the rate of eight Shillings per ounce Troy, and proportionably for any greater or less quantity of such plate, or manufacture of gold; and after the rate of sixpence for every ounce Troy, and proportionably for every greater or less quantity of such plate, or manufacture of silver, out of the money of the said duties on plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, then in the hands of the said receiver or collector, without fee or reward ^ and if the said collector or receiver shall not have money in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the receiver-general of the lamp duties for the time being, is hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said debenture, out of the duties arising ‘by this act, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Gold and sit IV And be it further enacted, That the exporters of gold ver watches, and silver watches shall mark or engrave in the inside of every how to be case or box of each watch, enclosing the works thereof, the ^inar ed. same numbers and figures which shall be respechvely marked or engraved on the works of the watch which shall be enclosed in such base or box.

V Andy the better to prevent the fraudulent relanding, of any plate in this kingdom, aftenthe drawback has been paid' and allowed for the same, it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore bonds to re said That all securities and bonds, required to be taken as afore main in force, said, shall continue and remain in force, until every such expbr scularsherein'ter^ any wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, shall mentioned ‘ produce and deliver to such customer or collector the bill of lading shall be com thereof and which shall have at the foot the receipt of the plied with. matter of the vessel on board of which the said plate or, manufactures were shipped, and also. a receipt or certificate, on the back of such bill of lacting, under the hand of the person to - whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and silver were consigned, certifying or acknowledging that the same

have been received, and mentioning in such receipt or certifi ' cate the true kinds and quantities of plate so consigned and re

and tlve name of the person configuring the same * and also, if filch plate shall consist of watches, the numbers or fi

marked, or engraved in the inside of the case or box of each such watch that then such securities and bonds shall and

Bonds to be; nay be delivered up and cancelled.

o^th^loftpof ?rov^ec* always, and be it further enacted, That where

any veife°l ex * P or vessel, on board of which such plate, or manufac porting such tures of gold and silver, or watches, were shipped, shall be lost, goods. or shall not, within the fpacf of three years, return to any port

*-« - V - » in

I Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C i 17$

Hi Great Britain \ upon due proof thereof being made to the icustomer or coile#or at the port at which the said drawback was. received, and the said bonds given, the said customer or colje&or Hiali deliver up to such exporters their securities and bonds, so given by them, in order that the same may be cancelled, if qo fraud therein shall in the mean time halve appeared, or no prosecution thereon shall have been commenced

G A P. LXV

An act for the further encouragement of the British fijberies*

WHEREAS the extending' and.improving of the British fishery Preamble.

hath been frequently declared by parliament to be of great importance to this kingdom, inasmuch as It not only adds ccnfiderably to the national wealth, but is moreover at fruitful nursery of able fearnen jor the public service: : whereas, by an act paffied in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An af for the n Geo. 3. C encouragement of the white herring fishery, a bounty of thirty i fallings per tonne is made payable annually to the owner or owners of all decked byffls Or vessels, from twenty to eighty tonnes burden fitted out and employed in the said. fisheries, for the space or term of seven years, from and after the twenty second day of October, one. thousand [even hundred and seventy one, and to the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, in the manner, and under the regulations therein mentioned: and whereas, by an aftfpdffef^ the nineteenth yfar 19 Geo. $. 6, of his said Majesty's reign, for continuing and amending the said act, 16 it was enacted. That the said former act jhopjd, from and after the term in the said former act mentioned, be continued for and during the further term ofseven years, .and from Iheriee id the end of the then next session of parliament: and where it plight tend to the encouragement of the said fishery, by inducing a greater number o f persons N to engage, therein, if the said .bounty were extended, under certain re(iriftionsx to the owners of decked bitjfes or vessels of a. greater burr then than eighty tonnes: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be.enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by arid with the.advice and. consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, infthis present parliament assembled, and by ihe authority of the same. That, From Aug. 1, from and after the.first dny ot August, one thousand seven hurt *785* the dred and: eighty-five, the ia»j bounty of thirty Shillings per tonne per^on°ex°s* shall, during the coneinuauce ct the term for which' the fapie tended to all was fq granted, be extended to, and be payable and paid to decked vef the owner or owners of, all decked bpffes or veltels, of what fels, except burden soever the same may be, other than and except decked burden tonne bufles or vessels upder twenty tonnes burden, which shall be in all respects (save only in respect to theit burden or tonnage) built, fitted out, visited, and Jicensed, according to the directions of the said last mentioned ad, and shall be manned, vie tualied, furniftted, and accoutred, in proportion to their respective rates of tonnage, in the manner by the said act preferred for the manning, vfdualling, furnishing, and 'atfcout

T 2 ring

Preamble, relative to places of rendezvous appointed by former acts

Part of the said acts repealed.

Owner, etc. to be sworn before clearance outwards.

The forth.

Anno vicesimo quinto ofibfcgl! lit. 6j6$. f17^.

ring bufles and vessels of a burden not exceeding that of eighty tonnes: provided nevertheless, that ho owner or owners shall be entitled to the said bounty for tnore than eighty tonnes, upon or in respect of any buss or vessel, although such buss or vessel shall exceed that burden.

II Andwherea, s, in and by the said recited act of the eleventh year of his present Majejlfs reign, certain times and places are appointed for the rendezvous of all decked bujfes and vessels employed in the said fishery, and certain oaths are thereby also directed to be taken by the Owner and mafier, or chief officer of every such buss or vejfd, before the colie ft or or comptroller of the port of her clearance outwards, previous to the departure of such buss or vessel, and by the said master or chief officer, after her return to such port as aforcjaid, In order to her discharge, as well in respect to her being at one of the said places of rendezvous, as in respect to several other matters therein specified: and whereas by the said act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majejlfs reign, for continuing and amending the said former act, the times of rendezvous were altered, and other places of rendezvous were added to those appointed by the said former act: and whereas the compelling bujfes and vessels, employed in the said fishery, to rendezvous at the places, and within the times, in and by the said act appointed and limited for that purpose respectivety, has been found extremely inconvenient, and injurious tv the owners of such vefi Jets and to the pet sans employed therein, and is a great discourage went to the fishery \ therefore further enacted, That so much, and such parts of the said two several ly recited acts, as direct that any decked buss or vessel shall proceed to or be at any of the places of rendezvous, in and by the said adis For that purpose appointed, and also so much and such parts of the said recited a of the eleventh year of hta present majesty's reign, as diredi that the owner or master, or chief officer of any such vessel, shall make such several oaths as are therein prescribed, shall be, and the same are hereby repeated; and that, instead thereof, the owner or owners, and master or chief officer of the vessel shall, before her clearanee, take and subscribe an oath, before the coliedtor or comptroller of the port of clearance outwards, in the following form j that is to say,

I A. B. do swear, That it' is really and truly my firm purpose and ( determined resolution, that the buss or vejjel, now lying in the V port of f called (Specifying the names

of the port and vessel)) now manned, furnished, and accoutred, shall proceed immediately Upon the brltuh white herring fishery, there to continue fishing, in an orderly regular manner, for the fpate of three, inghths at the leaf, {iinltfs fbe jfhrtll have sooner Completed her full loading of fish,) without impeding or obftfufting any other vejfeh which jhatl be employed.in the said fishery %

help me GOD.

And that the master, 6t chief officer of the vessel, after her return to port in order to her discharge, shall lifcewifetake and

subscribe

17s5*] Aohq vicesimo qvunto Geqrgix III C $§* %jy

tubfcribe he following oath, .before the fcid cqlledtor or comp trojlerj that is, to say,

1a, B. do wear, That the buss or vessel called the Oath to be

now lying in the port of (fpecifyjng takj: n byfthe

the names of rl>e vessel and port,) did without delay proceed turn into from the aid port, upon, her kfi clearance from thence outwards, to port. or upon the British white herring fishery atfd did there remain and continue employed in fishing for herrings or other fi/hfaccording to law 5 and that during all that, time, the quantity of nets and other fares, and number of men by law in that behalf required were on board the aid buss or vessel or were employed in the lawful prof ecu tion of the said fifheryi and that, the said buss or vessel hath, not*since her [aid lost clearance outwards from the said port, been qn( any other voyage, or pursued any other design or. view of profit than that of iating fifty and faking or curing the same, orjolting or curing other fresh fish lawfully pur chased at sea; and that all the fish brought into port by the said buss or vessel were taken by the crew belonging thereto [and in case of the buss or vessel not returning till after the expiration of three months, the following wprd.s are to be added to the said oath, (videlicet,) or were purchased of British subjects.]

So help nte gjq D.

III And be it further enacted, That, from apd after the From Aug. r, first; day of Augufi* one thousand feyeo hundred and eighty-five, i785, alldeck the owners or matters of any decked bufles or ^effels, being edvessels, on built, manned, victualied, furnish, qd, accoutred, ftpred, fitted ^i^certain out, and licensed in the manner required by the said recited act conditions, of the eleventh year of his present majesty's reign, and which shall be intit shall clear out of any port of Great Britain at any time or times Jfd t0 th between the first day of June and the first day of oflob&r* and p^rton? S shall proceed immediately upon the white herring filbery, and ^

shall there begin and continue to fifty, according to the regulations of the said last mentioned ft, and of this present act, without returning into port for the space of three calendar months, to be computed from the day upon which fqch owners or masters respecfively first (hot or wetted their nets, or shall return into port within that space of time with a full cargo of fish, taken wholly by the crew of such buss or veffd*, shall be entitled to the said bounty of thirty Shillings per tonj anything in the said two several ly recited a, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted. That in case the crew of any Regulations buss or vessel, employed in the said white herring fishery, shall, relative to during the time of their continuance at sea, catch any cod, ling, ing*and or hake, it shall and may be lawful to and for such crew to take and use, for the salting or curing of such cod, ling, or hake, a sufficient quantity of the salt on board of such buis or vessel, for which they shall be entitled to the same allowance as if the same had been confirmed in, the felting or curing of her

T 3 rings.

Owners of decked vessels may purchase, at sea, fresh herrings, etc. from British iubje&s.

178 Anno vicesimo qtiinto Georgii III C 65. [ 1; g

rings, but so as nevertheless that no bounty shall be allowed on the exportation of such cod, ling, or hake; and to that intent all Cuch cod, Jing, and hake shall, on the landing thereof, and before the same shall be removed from shore, have part of the tail cut off in the presence of the collector or comptroller of the port, that it may be known that the owners of the fish for marked are not intitjed, in respect thereof, to any bounty upon the exportation^of the same; and the said c6liector or comptroller is hereby empowered and required to cut off, or cause foto be in his presence, part of the tail of all such cod, ling, and hake, on the landing thereof; and if any of such cod, ling, or hake, shall be landed or removed from the shore before the same shall be tendered to the said co)lec1or or comptroller to have part of the tail cut off as aforesaid, all the fish so landed or removed shall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer of such fish, or of the proprietor or matter pi the vessel.

V And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be law * fu] to and for the owners or chief officers of any decked buses of vessels, femployed in the said fishery, to purchase in any part of the Teas, or other waters where such fish are to be found; any quantity or quantities of fresh and unfalted herrings, cp$j, ling; or hake, from or out of any boat or boats belonging to British subjects; and also to ship any quantity of fish, as well what they shall catch or take, as what they (hallto purchase on ' board of any other British vessel or vessels; and that the owner ' or owners, or chief officer or officers, of such lass mentioned

vessel or vessels shall be at liberty to enter and land the tifli so ' shipped on board thereof, in any port or ports of Great Britain, in such and the same manner as the owners or chief officers of _ the buses or vessels, put of which the same shall be so shipped. Particulars to could or might have lawfully done; oath being taken and fub pefwomto scribed, by the owner or chief officer of each refpe$ive vessel bringing such fish into port, before the collector or comptroller of the port where the same shall be entered, fpecifyin'g the sorts of fish, and the respective quantities of each sort, together with the name or names of the buss or vessel, buses or vessels, from which the said fish were shipped, and of the respective master or chief officer thereof ?nd of the port or ports from whence the said buss or Vessel, buses or vessels, was or were cleared y and alfq that such fish were, according to the bed of his know ledgeand belief, caught and salted, or caught and cured, as the case may be, by British subje<3s; and the collector or comptroller of the port, at which such fish shall be so entered and landed, shall, upon demand, deliver gratis, to, any of the owners of such fish, a certificate under his hand and seal, specifying the particulars of the same, and the falling or cure thereof; which certificate shall be admitted as proof of the consumption of the salt used in the salting or curing of such fish, as the case may be. _

VI Provided always, That no owner or owners of any bose

or

on landing thereof.

t7&5<] Anno vicesimo quintoqeorgii III C 65.;. 279

or vessel, which shall return into port from the faicj fishery* Vessels re within the said space of three calendar.months, to be computed turning into from the day whereon the nets belonging to such buss or vessel p°rt within were first (hot or wetted, without a full cargo of herrings y. or without a"full having a full cargo, unless the whole of such cargo was bona cargo, ncstin side caught and taken by the crew belonging to such bufs^or, titled to vessel, shall be entitled to any bounty in refpedtof the tonnage bounty, of such buss or vessel; anything herein, or in any other as, contained to the contrary notwithstanding' ',

And for reviving and encouraging the cod fijbeyy in the north seas and Iceland, and that the same may he, carried on with success be it further enacted. That the matter of any boat or From Aug. 1, vessel, bound on a fishing voyage to the. said north feasor leer *7; 85> matters land shall, from and after the first day of Auguji* one thousand ?t vc^e]8 th seven hundred and eighty-five, be allowed to take from any salt fe works or salt pits, any quantity of briti/h salt for the faltijng or Iceland may curing of fish, without paying any; duty for the same, such salt take salt for being weighed at the salt pit or salt .works in the prefenee of an curing of fish officer for the duties upon salt, and being lodged in a warehouse ^ ^lpay* under the lock and key of the said officer, as west as of the proprietor of the said salt; which fair, so lodged as aforesaid, *shall remain in the custody of the said officer, jointly with the said proprietor, until the, same shall be delivered put to be put on board the filling vessel, and so from time to time on each succeeding voyage; and upon the return of such vessel from, the Salt not used filling voyage, the whole of the salt in such vessel, which shall to be returned not have been used under the authority of this act, in the salt ware" ing or curing of. fish as aforpsaid, shall again be lodged under the like guftody as. aforesaid, the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their .agent or agents, entering, at the next office for the duty on salt, the respective quantities of briti/h salt so lodged by him qr them from time to time as aforesaid, and the said officer keeping n account of every respective quantity of the 1

said salt so entered and lodged in his custody as aforesaid; and Previous to that previous to every filling voyage, the proprietor or pro every voyage, prietors of the said salt, or his or their agent or agents, shall ofcfaltmvend* make oath in writing, before the officer for the duty on salt, at ed for curing the office nearest to the place where the said salt, is lodged, de fish, to make daring the quantity of the salt lodged as aforesaid, and that all oath ^tlle the said salt is intended for the curing of fish to be caught at {^ged^etc^ the north leas, or at Iceland and shall not, by his or their, order, consent, or connivance, di redly or indirectly, be sold, given away, .or any ways delivered but far the purpose aforesaid *

which oath, so made as aforesaid, and filed up by the said officer, in the said office, the officer, in the joint custody of whom, and of the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, the salt has continued during the interval of the fishing voyage, shall deliver into the foie custody of the said proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, all the said salt for the curing of fish to be taken during the, said filling voyage; and that, at the end of every filling voyage, the officer for the fajd ' ' t4 duty

ing the quantity of fish entered, etc.

£86 Anno vicesimo qmntd Gtotoit III CI gi

ddty on salt shall take a particular account of the quantity of salt remaining in hand, which remaining salt shall be immedr* ately locked up hi the joint buftody of the said officer arid proprietor or proprietor?, his Or their agent or agents, as afore at the end. arl({ said proprietor or proprietors, his or rheir agent or deliver a writ tifing the said salt, shall, as soon as possible, after the

ten account bt\a of every fishing voyage, deliver an account in writing into to the salt of the said office for the duty on salt, specifying the quantity of fice, specify fish entered with the proper officer or officers of the port or ppfrts where fitch fifb was landed in the curing or falling bf Which any of the salt taken away, after its delivery into the sole eoftfidy of the said proprietor or proprietors his or their agent or agents, ha been used or confuted, together with a centifteite bt cdrtifieates from the proper officer or officers of the port or ports where the fold fish were so entered, verifying the said account; which certificate or certificates such officer of officers is arid are hereby directed to give gratis, and which said account delivered into the office as aforesaid, shall be affirmed by the oath of the said proprietor or proprietors, his or their agferit or agents ufiftg the said salt, and shall remain in the said office to the end that the quantity of fish felted or cured arid entered and the quantity of salt used in faking of Curing the same, may; from time to time, appear upon oath, and be compared together; and in case any of the said salt shall be delivered over to any other person or persons, to be by hirri of them used in fairing or curing of fish, the quantity or quantities of salt so delivered over shall be expressed in the said account; and each person to whom such salt shall be so delivered dr his

__________ agent, shall likewise, upon oath make another account of the

anjiccount of particular quantity of such salt used by each of them in the salt the quantity ing or curing of fish; which account, together with the propel certificates, as aforesaid, shall likewise be trarifmitted into the office aforesaid; there to remain, for the purposes abovementioned; and if such proprietor, or his agent or any other person or persons to whom any quantity of salt shall be delivered over as aforesaid, shall for the space of six months after the end of every respective fishing season, refuse or neglect to deliver such account, attested upon oath, as aforesaid, such bn penalty of proprietor or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit isol. the sum of one hundred pounds.

restrictions VIII Provided always, and be it fartherenatfed, That no part on delivering of fajt so shipped as aforesaid shall be afterwards refhipped or out a tat ea. delivered out at seato any person or persons, save only irr the north feasor at Iceland, and to British subjects belonging to fishing vessels which shall have been regularly cleared out of a British port; and that so often as any salt shall be so delivered out as aforesaid, the owner or matter of the vessel from whence the same shall be reshipped, shall make and subscribe an oath before the eolle&or or comptroller of the port of his out fit, specifying the quantity delivered, and the names of the vessels on board of which the said salt shall have been shipped, and t

the

Every person receiving salt as aforesaid, shall deliver

used in each voyage.

i Armb vicesimo quinto Georgii HL C 65^ z$g

the owner and matter thereof, and the place of her out fit, tfr the intent that, if both vessels shall not have been cleared outwards from one ihd the same port, the refpc&ive collectors or comptrollers of the several ports of clearance of such vessels may be duly informed, by each other, of the circumstances of the case, and which they are hereby expressly required, from time to time, to communicate to each other forthwith; and also to the intent that the federal owners or matters, through whose hands any of such salt shall pass, may be charged with and called upon, at the ports of their respective out sits, to account upon oath for the due consumption of the same in the fairing or curing of fish; and the like rule and regulation shall be, and are hereby enacted and established, for the due accounting for the said salt through whofesoever hands the same shall or may }>afs at sea.

11 IX Provided also and be it further enacted and declared,

That no bounty whatsoever shall be paid or allowed upon the No bounty to Exportation of any cod, ling, Hake, or other fish, which shall be paid on be brought or imported into Great Britain from Iceland or the exportation the north seas, any a<tt or statute to the contrary notwithstand broucht^nim tng: afrd, to the intent that no such bounty may be allowed, the north all such cod, ling, or other fish, so imported as afofesaid, fhalf, seas, etc. on the landing thereof, and before the same shall be removed from shore, have part of the tail cut off in the presence of the collector or comptroller of the port, that it may be known that the owner or owners of the fish so marked are not entitled, in refpedb thereof, to any bounty on the exportation of the same.

X And be it further enacted. That when and so often as ciauferete miy salt shall have been so refhipped at sea, and the eonfump tive to salt tion thereof duly accounted for as aforesaid, the collector or refhipped at comptroller, before whom the account thereof shall be taken, ** shall grant a certificate of the Xante, under his hand, gratis directed to the collector or comptroller of the port at Which the said salt was originally Chipped * which certificate, being produced by the person who so shipped the salt, shall be admitted

proof of such consumption, and entitle such person to credit for the same upon his account; but no such certificate shall be available, or admitted as proof of the due consumption of any salt pretended to have been refhipped or delivered over at sea, vnlefs such certificate shall be delivered to the collector Or comptroller of the port where the said salt was originally fhtp ped, within the space of six calendar months next after the return to port of the buss or veffd on board of which the salt was so originally shipped as aforesaid.

XL And be it further enactod, That for every bushel of salt, penaltyocuot so as aforesaid taken out of the salt Works or warehouse, which accounting shall Hot be accounted for in the manner abovementioned, or for fej* taken by certificate from the justices of the peace at their quarter fef teat fions, that proof was there made that such salt was put on board

?ny boat or reffel for felting or curing of fish at Tea and was

* there

282 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL C 65. [ 1785*

there taken by enemies, or otherwise joft or periffied at ft a, or shall not be returned into or found remaining, at the end of every filling voyage, in the warehouse as aforesaid, the proprir ctor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent or agents, who tofik oit the same, .shall, according to the quantity or respective qhahtities for. which: he or they mall stand accountable, forfeit Penalty on and pay the sum of twenty Shillings; and every such person felj persona fell Jng, giving away, using, or delivering any such (alt, or coning of such feihting> or being anyway priyy to the selling, giving away,

salt using or delivering such ...felt, directly or iridirectly, otherwise.

than for the purposes and to the persons aforesaid, shall forfeit, pay, and undergo the penalties and puniftunents herein aftec mentioned 5 (that is, to fay),

Every proprietor of such salt, or his agent, for every bu(he! of such salt so sold, given away, used or delivered, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings:

And every other person, buying, taking, or using any such salt, otherwise than for the purpose and in the manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings for every bufhej V of salt so bought, delivered, or used $ after that rate for a

Jess quantity,

Penalty on XII And be it further enabled, That, for every bushel of proprietor for fajf f0 lodged, which shall either be carried away, or be found wantin^at re wa^ting> itthe redelivering thereof into the foie custody of the delivering proprietor thereof as aforesaid, reasonable allowance for the thereof, waste of such salt being first made, the.said proprietor shall forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings, to he applied and recovered as > herein after mentioned. :

Penalty on XIII And be it further enacted, That, every perfqn whd embezzling shall unlawfully take away, embezzle, or misapply, any British after^an ied after it is weighed and Carried from any salt work or salt from the^pit, pit in Great Britain in order to its being cellared and locked etc. for cur up for the curing or salting of fish, and beforedt is brought urtr ing fiqi. to, and locked up in any cellar or.storehouse by the proprietor and the officer for the salt duties, directed by, this act, (hail forfeit and pay the sum of twenty ihillings for every bqfhel of British salt so unlawfully taken away, embezzled, or misapplied, reckoning such British salt at fifty six pounds weight to the bushel, and foin proportion for a less. quantity.

Penalties and XIV And be it further enacted, Tfiat all penalties and for forfeitures feitqres given by this act shall be distributed in manner follpw ch^red^and6 5 (that isto %)> one mo^ety thereof to. his Majesty, his applied. heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; and shall be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any law of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor o matlon.

Anno vicesimo quinto <£eorgii HI. e, 66* a 8$

tjnation, in any .of his majesty's courts of record at westminster'

And be it further enacted, Thetis aftyperson or per. Limitation of fbns shall happen to be sued or prosecuted for anything by him actions.

or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person

or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give this General issue.

a dt, and the special matter in evidence; and if upon trial a verdict

shall pass for the defendant or defendants; or if the plains

tiff or plaintiffs rtiall become nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear

pfofecuring such action or actions, then such defendant or defendants

shall be entitled to double, costs against such plaintiff Double colts.

or plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like Temedy

as a defendant can have in any case where costs are given him

by law. X

XVI Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Not to affect thing in this act contained shall extend, or be implied or con the powers ftrued to extend, to repeal or alter any actor acts now in force, |^ts fore or any of the elaufes or provisions therein contained, or to take gating the away, abridge lessen, or affect any of the powers or authorities fr^ode to be th'ereby'given or granted respectively, for settling or regulating observed in the mode or course to be observed in fitting out for any filheryy

or clearance outwards, or entry inwards, or the discharge of etc. ery> any buss or fishing vessel, or in cellaring, securing, shipping, re shipping, or re landing any salt to be used for the salting or curing of fish, or in fishing for, catching, faking, curing, flowing, landing, removing, marking, or exporting any fish whatsoever, or in the payment of allowance of any bounties thereby refppdtively granted on the tonnage or burden of any buss or vessel, or on any fish to be exported; save only and except so Exception, far as any such actor acts, or the clauses, provjfions, powers, or authorities therein contained or granted, are specifically or expressly repealed, revoked, aitered, or controlied, by this pre *; actor repugnant to any of the provisions herein contains ed; but that all and Angular the said former acts, and the bounties thereby granted, and the several rules, regulations powers and authorities, therein contained or granted, and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred, or thereby inflicted or provided for any breach or non observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue tin the same force, and effect as if this act had not been made, anything herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding *

A P. LXVI

An act to explain and amend an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain rates and/duties upon bricks and files made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the laji session of parliament, Preamble. (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain

rates

^84 Anno vicesimo quinta Georgii IIL e. 66. [ 17851

Recital of rates, and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain \ part of i4 and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported Gcq, j. C 34* into the same), it was wafted. That if any per sin at persons, who Should make any bricks or tiles chargeable with the aid duties, Should remove, carry, or or eaufe or fiffir to he removed, rtfr

rtvd, or sent away, \ any iritis or tiles to the kiln, clamp, or other place for burning, from or out of the field, Shed, or other place where they Should befirst put or placed to dry or harden, after being turned out of the mould, and before the proper officer of exeife Should have taken an account thereof, and charged the duties thereupon, he, Jhe, or they Should forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the pojjiffton of any brukmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brick shaker or tilemaker, or trader, or dealer therein, Should be forfeited, and might be fiized, or the value thereof: and it was alfi enabled. That all and every per son and persons, making any bricks or tiles as of oresaid, Should, from time to time, keep such and fa many ef the said bricks and tiles, as Should net have been surveyed and taken an account of by the proper officers in that behalf, [separate and apart from all other bricks and tiles which Should have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officers, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect or default therein, the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas the said provisions have been found inconvenient \ be it.therefore enacted by the king's mofi excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho from Aug. i, rity of the same. That, from and after the first day of August, 178s* there one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said herein ons repealed ore recited provisions shall be, and the same are hereby re p ' pealed.

Makers who - II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from shall remove and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hun to the kiln 8 arm «*8kty'hve, if any person or persons, who shall make before the WJ bricks or tues chargeable with the said duties by the said act

officer has imposed;; remove, carry, or send away, or cause or suffer

charged the $0 be removed, carried, or sent away, any bricks or tiles to the forfdt*the damp, or other place for burning, from or out of the

same, and also fidd, filed, or other place where they shall be put or placed to 50i. dry or harden, and before the proper officer of exeife shall have

taken an account thereof, and charged the duties thereupon, he, (he, or they shah forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the possession of any brickmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, or the value thereof, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the feizer or informer. r

ISLAND be it further enacted by the authority aforefapd,

'That

17$$*] Anno vlcertmo qointc csoroii HI. v.€6.

That all and every person and perfdns, making any bricks or Brick and tilts as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep such and so tiles not fur many of the said bricks atfd tiles, as shall not have been fury, e?e<l>etc ^ veyed and charged by the proper officers in that behalf fepa officer be rate and apart from all other bricks and tiles, which shall have kept separate been surveyed and charged by such officers, on pain to forfeit, fromotheis. for every neglect or default therein, the sum of fifty pounds

IV And whereas the makers if brisks and tiles do sometimes place their bricks and tiles, while the same are in the operation of drying or hardening, in irregular and tinvjual rows or pofttms, on purpose to make it difficult for the officer ofemfi to take an account of the

same be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From Aug. i, after the said first day of Auguftt one thousand seven hundred J, al and eighty-five, every maker of bricks or tiles shall, while the bricks or tiles shall be in the operation of drying or hardening, so placed that in the field, shed, or other place where the same shall be made the officer or prepared, after being turned out of the mould, place or dismay easily pose such bricks and tiles, or cause the same to be placed ornf. diiposed, in such manner and form as that the officer of excise 9

who shall survey such bricks may easily and securely take ah account thereof; and if any maker of bricks and tiles (halt, front and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, place and dispose, or Cause to be placed or disposed, such bricks or tiles, while the same shall be in the operation of drying or hardening, in the field, Ihed, or other place where the lame shall be made or prepared, after being turned out of the moulds, in any irregular and unufoal manner, with intfent to make it difficult or unsafe for the officer of excifti to take an account thereof, every such maker of bricks dr tiles shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the Turn of fifty on penalty pounds. f s01-

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That all fines, penalties and forfeitures inflidied by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied. Of mitigated by such ways, forfeitures means, and methods, as any fine, penalty; or forfeiture, is 6r cohered anct" may be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, fey any law applied of laws of excise, or by'action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wtjltninjlet, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectrvdy; and that one moiety of every Well fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty; his heirs and successors, add the other moiety to him or them Who shall diftover, inform, of sue for the same.

VI And be it further enacted'by the authority aforesaid.

That if any aftfon or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation any person or perforis, for anything by him or theta; done iti of actions pursuance of this act, or the said act made in the list session of parliament, such aft ion or suit shall be commenced vritblh three months next after the matter or thing done, arid shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in tucft a&ibftor mit may plead the general issue, and give this act: and General issue. thefpecial niartft* In evidence, at any trial tabe had thereupon;

and

Treble costs.

Preamble,

From Aug. i, 1785, no person to put on board any vessel, for exportation, any tool, etc. in the act specified,

Aim yafcfefinio tjmftto. gog if Ilf. e. [17851

and, if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nqnsuited, or discontinue his, her, of their adlioni or prosecution, or judgement shall he'given against him, her, of them; upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

; CAP. LXVII

Ah dfito prohibit the exportation to foreign parts, of tools and uteh*

'ftu made use of in the iron andfeel manufactures of this kingdom; and to present the [educing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures ^ to go into parts beyond the seas — —

the exportation of the several tools and utenfili made use of ip preparing, working up, and finishing, the irort andfeel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, will enable fpreignen to work up such manufactures, and thereby greatly diminijb the exportation of the same from this kingdom; therefore, for the preferyingv^s much as poftible, to his majesty's subjects the, benefits anting from those great and yaluable branches of trade and commerce, may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of tfye lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this/present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if, at any timd .after the first day of Augujiy one thbufand seven hundred and eighty-five, any person or persons in Great Britain shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, export, load, or put on, board, or pack, or cause or procure to be loaden, put on board, or paeked, in qrder to be loaded or put on board of any ship or vessel which shall be bqund to some port or place in parts beyond the seas (except to Irelandf), or, shall lade, or cause, or procure to be laden on board any boat or other vessel, or shall bring, or cause to be brought,, to any quay, wharf, or other place, in order to be so laden or put on board any such ship or vessel, any tool or utenfif hereafter mentioned; that is to say, hand damps,, dog head (lamps, pulley (lamps, (lamps of all sorts, hammers and anvils for (lamps, ferews for damps, iron rods for" (lamps, presses of all fqrts, in iron, steel, or other metal, which are used for giving impressions to metal, or any parts of these several articles; presses of all sorts called Cutting'out Presses, beck and punches to be used therewith; piercing presses of all sorts, beds and punches to be used therewith, either in parts or pieces, or fitted together; iron or steel dies to be used in stamps or presses either with or without impressions on them; rollers of cast iron, wrought iron, or steel, for rolling of metal, and frames for the, same; stalks or caftiqg moulds, and boards, used therewith; lathes of all sorts for turning, burnifhing, poliihing, either the whole together, or separate parts thereof; lathe firings, policing brushes, fcoring or (hading engines, presses for horn buttons.

1785.} Anno vtoefimo quinto Georgii III C 67i 2 87

tonnes, dies for horn ibuttohs, (heers for cutting of metal, rolled steel', rolled metal with silver thereon, parts of buttons not fitted up into buttons or in an uofiniftied state; engines for chasing, flocks for calling buckles, buttons, and rings; cast iron anvils and hammers for forging mills for iron and copper j roles, flitters, beds, pillars and frames for slitting mills; die * sinking tools of all sorts, engines for making button (hanks, laps of all sorts, drilling engines, tools for pinching of glass, engines for covering of whips, polishing brusties, bars of metal covered with gold or silver, iron or steel screw plates, pins, and flocks for making screws or any other, tool or utensil whatsoever, which now are, is or at any time or times hereafter shall or may be used in, or proper for the preparing, working, finifti ing, or completing of the iron or steel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, by what name or names soever the same shall be called or known, or any model or plan, or models or plans, of any such tool, utensil, or implement, pr any part or parts thereof; the perform or persons so offending bn penalty p€ shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit and lose all such [?r'cltlf, re tools or utensils, or parts or parcels thereof, together with the * eieo * packages, and all other goods packed therewith if any such there be, and complaint being made, upon the oath of one or *

more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice. or justices of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace to ifliie his or their warrant or warrants to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county, city, riding, division, liberty, shire, fstewartry, or place; and if, when such person or persons hall be brought and if the of before such justice or justices, he, * (he, or they shall not give such an account of the use or purpose to which such tools, fa^igfactory utensils or implements, and part or parts thereof, and all such account be mpdel pr pl^n, models or plans, and part or parts thereof are fore the ma intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory tothejiff he,

tice or justices before whom he, (he, or they shall; be brought Jo appear at as aforesaid.. and in such oafe* it shall and may be jawfipl the next acto and for such justice or justices to bind the person or persons sizes, etc. * so charged to appear at the next assizes, general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county,, city, ricling, division, stewartry, or pl^ce, where such offence fjhall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their appearance; and In caferfuch person pr persons shall refuse or n^gledt to give such Security, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such'justice or justices to commit the person or .persons farefufing to the .common gaol, or house of orbecom correction, thejje to be kept until; the next affixes, or next nutted for quarter sessions of the county, ' city, riding, division,, tnal* stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, (he, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and Penalty on in case any Cuph person or persons shall: be convicted of any of conviction,? the offence, aforesaid, upon any indictment or information ->

against' ' ‘

by 30gle

af&o vicesimo qulhto gfiojtgtillf. C 6j. [iy$$

agatnft hirti, her, or them, at fifoh affizesbr quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, the pel fan or persons so offending hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fam of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall also faffcr imprisonment, in the common gaol, prison, or houseof oorrection, of the county, city, riding, di vision, liberty, shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offertdtr or offenders shall be refpedliveiy convicted, for the space of twelve months, without bail or main prie, and until such forfeiture (hail be paid.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From Aug. i, Thftt, from and after the said first day of, one thousand of8the°cuf rs even hundred and eighty-five, it shall and may be lawful to toms^ofeize aod for any officer of his majesty's customs in Great

all such tools, and they ate hereby required to seize and secure, in (bme or etc. laid, or one of his majesty's warehouses, all such tools, utensils, or intended to be implements, or part or parts thereof 5 and all and every fuel! spy "outward m<x*e* or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, as bound vei0$j such officer shall find or discover to be laid or put on board, or intended to be laid or put on board, of any ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be bound to some port or place in parts beyond the leas, (except to Ireland), contrary to the true Intent and mean fbch goods to ing of this act, together with the packages, and all other goods be sold. packed therewith, (if any such there be), and they are hereby indemnified in so doing; and all tools, utensils, and implements, or part or parts thereof, ' model Or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after condemnation thereof in due course of law, see publicly sold to the hest bidder, by order of the commifliohers of the customs in Great Britain respectively; and one moiety of the produce arifitig by the sale thereof, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and tyre other mdiety to the officer who shall seize and prosecute the same as aforesaid'.

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty n That, from and after the said first day of Aaghft, one thousand matter of seven hundred and eighty-five, if the captain or mailer of any Ml oenuit Ship, vessel, of boat, in Great Brhain, shall knowingly or dean y such hgnedly permit or firtfer any tool, otenfil, or implement, Or

tools, etc. to part or parts thereof, or any model or plan, or part or parts

be put on thereof, by this act prohibited to be exported' as aforesaid, to

hoard. be put on board his said ship, Vessel, or boat, every such captain

or mailer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the fuen of two hundred pounds; and if the said ship, vessel, or boat, hall.

. to his Majesty, his heirs or foeeeflbrs, then tyre captain or mallei thereof shall not only forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, but Ihal! also forfeit his employment, and see incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Pehrtty on IT. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, customs uk that if any customer, comptroller, funreyor, fcarcher, waiter.

\ $89

qr qt^fc officer pf jfe?>§ufesi#jfl Great, £haty take, or ing any entry

krv?^iflgly sr willingly j: a e tajkon, any entry oujtvyand, outwards, etc.

grk fignany cpcquet, warrant, pr jfufferaace, for. the liip for such tools

ping or exporting of any of jthp laid tools, utensils, or imple or u en 18*

qajenjs* pr any papt pr pas thereof, or any of the said models

pr plans, or any part or parjs thereof, by this act prohibited to

]pd exported, pr shall knowingly or willingly permit or (uffer

the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true

intent and meaning of this atft; every fucji cdftomer, comp r

t roller, surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer of the cuft

tonne oi Great Britain shall, for every such offence, forfeit the

sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also forfeit his office,

and be incapable of .holding any office or employment under his

Majesty, his heirs orfurceffors,

V And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid,

f hat, from and after Lthe said first day of August one thoufancj From aitg. i, ^evephundred and eighty-five, if any person or persons hath or I7%$' ap?. slave ip his, her, pr their custody, power, or pofteffipn, or shall fnpofiession^ cplleds, obtain, make,, apply for, or cause or procure to be any such tool, made, any such tool, utensil, or implement, or any part or utenfii, etc. parts thereof, pr any such model or plan, models or plans, or toex^ort^he part or parts thereof as aforesaid, with intent to export, or that f^efany 16 the same may be exported out of Great Britain to any part or justice may pl^ce beyond the seas, (except to Ireland and complaint being issue his war made, upon the oath pf one or more credible witness or wit hereof' neffes, before any justice. or justices of the peace, that there is bringing reason to believe such person or persons hath or have in his, such perfoii lier, or their custody, power, or poffelfion, or hath or have before him; collected, obtained, made, applied for, or'caused or procured to be made, any such tool, utenfd, or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any such model or plan, or models or plans, or part pr parts thereof as aforesaid, with intent to export, or (

that the same may be exported to some other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the fa id cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices of the peace to issue his or their warrant or warrants to seize all such tools, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and, all fqch models pr plans, or part or parts thereof as aforesaid, and to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his majesty's justices of the peace, for the same county, city, riding, division, shire, flew artry, or place; and if such person or persons shall not give and if he half such an account of the use or purpose to which such tools, n.°£*ive a utensils, or implements, or part or parts, models or plans, cou^t there" or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be ap of, such tools, propriated, as dial! be fatisfacfory to the justice or justices etc. may be before .whom he, (he, or they shall be brought as aforpsaid, detained, and' then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and boanffoverta for such justice or justices to cause all such tools, utensils, or appear at the implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plans, or next assizes, t part or parts thereof, which shall have been so seized as afore et laid, to be detained, and also to bind the person or persons so

You XXXV

U

L

or may be committed.

Penalty in case of conviction.

Penalty on per tonnes enticing artificers in the iron or steel manufactures, etc. to leave this kingdom, (except to Irttyid):

for first offence, 5001. and twelve month im jprisonment}

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 67, [1785;

charged to appear at the next assizes, general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable sureties for his, her, or their appearance p and in case such person or persons shall refuse or neglect to give such security, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons to the county gaol, prison, or house of correction, there to remain until the next assizes, or quarter sessions of the county, city, riding, division, liberty, stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, (he, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person dr persons shall be convicted, upon any indictment or information against him, her, or them, at such assizes or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, of having in his, her, or their custody, power, or possession, or of having collected obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such tool, utensil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with such intent as aforesaid, then, and in such case, the person or persons so convicted shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose all such tools, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models of plans, or part or parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall suffer imprisonment in the common gaol of the county, city, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offender or offenders respectively shall be committed, for the space of twelvemonths, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

VI And whereas, for the encouraging of such manufactories in this kingdom, it is necessary that provifeon Should be made to prevent artificers, and others employed therein, from departing, or from being seduced to depart out of this kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any person or persons shall contract with, entice, persuade, or endeavour to seduce or encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who shall have worked at, or been employed in heiron or steel manufactures in this kingdom, or in making or preparing any tools or utensils for such manufactory, to go out of Great Britain to any parts beyond the seas (except to Ireland), and shall be convicted thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king's bench at West minfler, or by indictment at the assizes, or general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions for the county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders shall live or reside, or by indictment in the court of justiciary, or any of the circuit courts in Scotland, as the case may be 5 every person so convicted shall, for every artificer so contracted with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted foto be, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful

money

C Dgle

1785.] Anfio vicesimo quinta Georgii 111; c.68. ig t

money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or stewartry, wherein the offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of twelve calendar months, and until such forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a subsequent offence Second, etc. of the same kind, the person or persons so again offending shall, 1000i. and upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for every person so contracted with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged or fedueed, or meat attempted foto be, the sum of one thousand ppunds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the edm ttiori gaol as aforesaid, there to^remain, without bail or main jtfizfe, for and during the term of two years, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

Vtl. Provided always. That no person shall be prosecuted Prosecution for any of the offences aforesaid, unless such prosecution shall to be comb commenced within the space of twelve calendar months next after such offence shall be committed

VIII And it is hereby further enacted bv the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures, herein Penalties and before mentioned, shall and may be sued for and recovered by forfeitures action of debt, bill, plaint; or information, in any of his Ma ^ovlred and * jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exche applied, quer, or in the court of session in Scotland, in thfe name of his majesty's attorney general, or lord advocate, or in the name

of some officer or officers of the customs in Great Britain respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one moiety of the said penalties and forfeitures shall go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such officer or officers <jf the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same refpe<ftivelyr after deducting the charges of prosecution from the whole;

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid... *

if any suit or action shall be commenced against any per Limitation df son for what he shall do in pursuance of this at, such suit or actions. action shall be commenced within three months next after the

fact committed; and the person so sued may file common bail,

or enter a common appearance, and plead the general issue not General issue.

guilty, and may give this act and the special matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonfult, of suffer

discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him or her, or if,

upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff,

the defendant shall recover treble costs; Treble costs..

LXVIII

An act for appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom. — The act of 24 Ged. 3. C 13. and former acts, continued till one year after July 21, St in the same manner as before.

V 2

CAP.

1

Hooted by

2gz

Preamble.

17 Geo. 3 C 39.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 6g. [ij8§j

CAP. LXIX

An ah to repeal the duties upon flajks in which Florence wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation of wines in fmdll cajks for private use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majesty s sugar colonies in America; for disallowing the drawback on the exportation of fnujf, for continuing the permijflon to land rum or spirits of the British ftigar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise; for reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitchy tar, and turpentine, from East Florida, into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of ftik gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of rawftlk..

WHEREAS by an act) passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled) An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned 5 and for repealing several rates and dutiesupon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons, and bodies politic and corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate; it was, amongst other things, enacted, That there Should be raised levied, collected, and paid) unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucc^ffors) the several rates and duties therein exprejfedy upon all glass imported and brought into the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited act) p ajfed in the seventeenth year of his ma jeftfs reign so far as the same relates to charging the flajks only, in which wine and oil have been usually imported, with the said duties 3 be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From Aug. 1, by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day dut5onfklks °* ^ugufl) one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said in which Flo recited so far as the same relates to charging duties upon rence wine, the flasks only in which wine or oil, of the growth of the do etc. is im minions of the great duke of Tvfcany^ shall be imported, shall ported, re be and is hereby repealed; and the said duties upon such flasks pea ed* shall cease determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II And whereas by an act of parliament) made in the eighteenth Recital of 18 year of the reign of his prejent Majesty) (entitled, An act for Geo. 3. C *7. granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom), it was) amongst other things) enacted) That no wines of the growth or produce of any part of the dominions belonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and ' that

1785.3 Anno vieefima quinto georgii III cg. 29$

that no French winesshould be imported or brought into Great Brir tain, in any jmailer vessel. or cajk than what is .commonly called an Hogthead, in which such wines have been usually imported, upon forfeiture of all such wines as Should be imported contrary to the said act, together with the cajks and other package containing the same, (except as therein after was provided): and whereas by the said act it was provided, That any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in smaller cajks than as therein before limited, without fraud or concealment, for private use, and not by way of merchandise, anything in the said act, or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas, by 23 Geo. 3. cji an act of parliament made in the twenty-third year of the reign of11 his prejent Majesty, it was enacted, That the said proviso in the said recited act, so far as the same relates to Ponugal V Spanish wines, or any other wines, except French wines, Shall be repealed and made void: and whereas it is and may be expedient to permit Spanish and Portugal wines, and other wines, to be imported in jmall cajks and other vessels for private use, under certain rejlriftions\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after From Aug. r, the first day of Auguf, one thousand seven hundred and eighty ^ in case it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his' majesty's customs in England or Scotland small casks respectively, that any Spanish or Portugal wines, or any other for private, wines, shall be imported into Great Britain, without fraud or concealment, in any smaller vessel or cask than what is commonly called an Hogjhead, for the private use of the persons so importing the same, and not by way of merchandise, that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective commissioners, or any three or more of them, if they think proper, to admit such wine to an entry, and cause the duties to be accepted instead of the forfeiture thereof; anything in the said last recited act, or any other act, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore So much of said, That so much of an act made in the sixteenth year of the 16 Geo. 3. C reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for alloiving the 37* exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, and to the if and of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majejlfs orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles), as relates to as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and the exporta other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first day of January, one thou fucrar

sand seven hundred and seventy seven, and which, by several coionics, 0 acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, ' twentieth, twenty first, twenty second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued

U 3 until

2gj Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C gi [1785;

until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and revived) and eighty-five, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be rein force until vived> and the faroe s hereby revived, and shall continue in full jmtey i, 1786) f°rce and untd day Gne thousand seven

C * and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the then

next feljion of parliament.

jfrom the IV And be it further enacted. That, from and after the

idpto^via^'8 pan a untd day°f one thousand fe

1786°wheat* ven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the C may jbe'* then next session of parliament it shall and may be lawful to exported from ship and export from the port of Lancaster, to his majesty's fu thenfufter t0 ar co^on'es n for the sustenance and use of the inha

loniesf ^ C hi cants of the said coionics, any quantity of wheat, wheat flour,

4 ' bread, biscuit, and meal, not exceeding in the whole ten thousand quarters, in like manner, and under the same regulations and reftridfions, as if the same had been allowed to be exported by the said recited adfc of the sixteenth year of his present majesty's reign" " ________

'And, for the letter preventing of fraudulent practises in the mixing of snuff with other materials, or with other fluff which has been elandefl indy imported into this kingdom, and run on shore without payment of dutyy and entering the same outwards for exportation, to obtain a drawback of the duties thereon, and privately relanding the same in Great Britain, to the diminution of the public revenue, and detriment of the fair trader, be it further enacted by the aur drawback thority aforesaid. That no drawback shall be paid or allowed, to be allowed for any sort of snuff which, from and after the first day of au ported after one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be ex

Aug, r, 1785. ported, or entered for exportation, from this kingdom, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

So much of VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 15 and 16 That so much of an act, made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Geo. ic. 2, 5. years of tjle rejgn of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act to empower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations to land the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expense; and for the relief of Ralph bar row, in respect to the duty on same rock salt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane), as relates to the landing of rum ache rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment fore payment of the duties of excif^, and to the lodging of the same in ware. of excise du houses at the expense of the importers or proprietors thereof, Jie, efc. which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffior* of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, of the twenty-third and thirty first years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and nineteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty

tanm> vicesimo quinto georgii III C 69. *9$

eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby farther conti continued to nued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day f September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and *

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VII Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the proprietor or proprietors, importer or im Directions reporters, of such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or ma lative to en nufadture of the British sugar plantations, within thirty days terin£ fu next after the master or purser, for that voyage, of the ship or fodgitfg it in vessel wherein the said rum or spirits of the briti/h fqgar plan warehouses. tations shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, shall have, or ought to have made a just and true entry or report, upon oath, of the burden, contents, and loading of such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of the statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majejlfs customs, shall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excise, in the port or place where such rum or spirits, as aforesaid, shall be imported,

of all such rum or spirits on board of such ship or vef* el belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers; and shall, within the said thirty days, land the $ same, and put the same into such warehouse or warehouses, and give such security for the due payment of the duties of excise, as is or are directed by the said act of the fifteenth m.d.. sixteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, on pain, fqr every neglect or refufaj to make due entry, or to land the same, and put the same into such warehouse or warehouses, and to give such security for the due payment of the duties of excise within the said thirty days, to forfeit all such rum or spirits, with the casks and packages wherein the same shall be contained, belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers of the same so negledling or refusing, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the excise.

VIII And whereas by an act, passed in the second year of the Recital of reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act * Geo. %, ot for the better preservation of his majesty's woods in America, 35* and for the encouragement of the importation of naval (lores from thence; and to encourage the importation of mails, yards, and bowsprits, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland $ certain premiums, for the encouragement of the planters in the british plantations in America to send naval [lores to Great Britain, were granted upon the importation thereof for a limited time; which premiums, by several subsequent acts of parliament, were continued to the end of the session of parliament in one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: and whereas considerable quantities of turpentine, pitch, and tar, have been prepared by the proprietors of plantations and lands in East Florida, for the purpose of importing the same into Great Britain, under an expectation of receiving the like premiums, and same part of fitch turpentine, pitch and tar, has betnfe imported

V 4 - few

V * Anno vicesimo quinta geor<hi IIE CI [tyigpi

into Great Britain; but, for want of an act of patliament tofurtbev C continue'the granting such premiums, the importer thereof are notj

"' * ' * bp taw, Entitled to] iior can be allowed the * same, without the inter jerence of parliament, and other part of such turpentine, pitch rndtart, is expected hereafter to arrive: and whereas it is just and expedient that the premiums heretofore granted upon the importation of pitch, tar, land * ' turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain, should be revived

and continued, for a limited time, from the expiration of the session of parliament in one thousand seven hundred and eighty two: : it The premi therefore enacted by the authority afpresaid, That the; several hriborfa°i?on ^ pr6r*>iums or bounties upon turpentine, pitch, and tar' granted of turpentine, by the fa id recited act, passed'in the second year of the reign of etc. from East his late Majesty, and continued, by several subsequent aftsy t Florida re the twenty-fourth day of June, one thbufarrd seven hundred continued to ?nc eighty one, and from thence to the end of the then next Dec. 25, 1785. session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, ' and continued, from the said period, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five. —

IX And whereas, byreasonofthe cession East Florida to the

___._________ crown (T' Spain, several of the civil officers therein, whose duty it

was to certify that such naval Jlores, exported from thence to Great Britain, were of the growth and produce of East Florida, may have removed therefrom, or may have omitted to give the usual certificates whereby it is impracticable for the planters, or agents of proprietors resident in Great Britain, to obtain such certificates as were formerly Clauferelative required; be it therefore enacted, That the commissioners of hri th^bount'^ Majesty V navy shall, and they are hereby authorised and ree

oun les. ^ired to allow the said bounties upon the turpentine, pkchj and tar, imported and to be imported as aforesaid, before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven. hundred and eighty-five; provided the importer or importers shall make oath that, to the befi of their knowledge and belief, the turpentine, pitch, and tar, mentioned in their affidavit, were and are of the growth and' produce of East Florida, and Were ftupped from thence, and imported into and landed at same port in Great Britain, mentioning the time and place when and where " the same were so landed.

Penalty on X And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons obtaining the shall have knowingly imported, or shall knowingly import from tuwmiive 'East Florida any turpentine pitch, or tar, which shall not be of etc, not the the growth and produce of East Florida, and shall thereupon / produce of obtain the benefit of this act, such person or persons so offend

East Florida, fog shall be liable to all the penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury, and beprofecuted by his majesty's attorney general for the same.

Recital of XI And whereas by an act, made in the last session of parliament, 34 Geo. C entitled. An act for granting additional duties upon raw and 49* thrown silk imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported

from Great Britain, into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of silks, and stuffs mixed with silk, it is enacted, That, over and above the former bounties

allowed

Anna vfceffmo qxriftto grorgii HIC. 70. &gjr

burntd on thr'exportation of the several articles therein fpecifod*

'amtigfl federal other articles therein enumerated, there Shall be allowed and paid to the exporter thereof sir all ribbons and stuffs of? silk except gauzes, made in Great Britain, the sum of two Billings for every pound weight avoirdupois : and whereas it is expedient, to 'encourage the silk manufactures in this kingdom, that a bounty Should be allowed upon the exportation of silk gauzes into foreign parts; be it therefore eriacted, That, from and after the first day of Au Prom Aug. r, £«/?, one thcufand seven hundred and eighty-five, the same 1785, a boun bounty shall be allowed and paid upon the exportation of to be al" gauzes made of silk only in Great Britain, as is allowed and h^exiwta paid, by the said recited act, upon the exportation of ribbons tion of silk and stuffs of silk, in the same manner as if gauzes had not been gauzes; excepted therein, anything in the said recited at to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand and a draw seven hundred and eighty-five, the duty imposed upon raw silk, back upon the by an made in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting additional duties upon raw and thrown silk imported into Great Britain and upon lead exported from Great Britain into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a drawback upon the expor iation of silks and stuffs mixed with silk, shall be drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such raw silk to any part of ieurope (except the Isle of Man, and the islands of Faro or Ferro) under such rules, ways, and methods, as the duty of customs upon foreign goods is allowed to be drawn back and rbpaid upon exportation, except where any alteration is made by this at'

'Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by i the authority aforesaid, That the said drawback shall not be The draw paid, in any case, until a certificate shall be produced, tb the back not to be collector and comptroller of the customs at the port from ah°wed until whence such silk was exported, under the hand and official seal tificatebe^" of a British conftil residing at the port or place for which such produced to silk was entered for exportation, certifying that such silk was the officer, landed there; and in case there shall not be any British consul refideht at such place, then upon the like certificate, under the hand and official seal of the chief magistrate for and resident at such place.

CAP. LXX

An act to rectify a miflale in an act, passed in this present session of parliament, entitled, An act to repeal the duties on male servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants.

HE REAS by an afi9 made in this present session of par Preamble.

* r liament9 entitled, An al to repeal the duties on malb Recital of # servants; and for, gran ting new duties on male and female fer £.43 vants, it is enacted, That every person who Shall have living in their *ession' V ',. houses

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 71, 72. [1785,

houses two or more lawful children or grand childrens under the age of fourteen years, hall, m respect of every two such lawful children or grand children, be exempted from the payment of the duties by the f aid aft imposed for one female servant \ is to say, If any person having two such lawful children or grand children Jbatt have one female Jervant, and not more, he or he shall be wholly Exempted from the duty thereby imposed; if any person having four such lawful children or grand children, jhau have two female servants, and not more, he or Jhe Shall pay for one female servant, at the same rate as if he or fbe retained only one female servant, and m more, and foin proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty, in the manner therein before provided, for every two such children or grand children: and whereas it was intended that all persons Should be exempted from the payment of the duties by the said act imposed, in respect of one female servant, and no more for every two lawful children or grand children, living in their houses, under the age of fourteen years; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parriament ^flembled, and by the authority of the Persons hav same, That every person, who shall have living in their houses ing children two or more lawful children or grand children, under the age children to f°urteen years, shall in respect t>f every two such lawful be exempted children or grand children, be exempted from the payment of the payment for duties by the said act imposed for one female servant; that is to one female say, If any person, having two such lawful children or grand children, shall have one female servant, and not more, he or she such children, he wholly exempted from the duty thereby imposed; if etc. > any person, having two such lawful children or grand children,

shall have two female servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one female servant, at the same jilt as if he or (lie retained only one female servant, and no more, and foin proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner in the said recited act provided, for every two such children or grand children.

CAP. LXXI

An act for extending the time limited, by an act of this session, for delivering in navy, victualling, and transport bills.

Recital of C 32. of this session. Navy bills, C to he taken in until Aug. 31, 1785.

CAP. LXXII

An act for repealing the duties on linens to be printed, painted, jlain ed, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an act made in the lafi session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof % and on cotton stuffs, mujlins, fufhans, velvets, and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton stuffs, muslins, fufl'tans., velvets, and veherets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts.

WHEREAJ3

t^85.3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 72. N 29$

WHEREAS by an act made in tbs loftfejfionof parliament, Preamble.

entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional 44 Geo. 3. C duties on linens, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great #>

Britain; and for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not printed, painted, stained, or dyed in foreign parts), among other things a duty of three farthings for every yard in lengthy reckoning yard ivide, and after that rate for a greater or lejjer quantity, was laid upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Great Britain, (such linens as Should be dyed throughout of one colour only always excepted), which said duty was subject to three additional im pojls offive pounds per centum each, as in the said act is mentioned? and certain other duties were by ths said act granted, which, having ' been found inconvenient, have been repealed by an act of this present session of parliament, whereby it is become necessary to provide a sufficient fund for the payment of such encumbrances as were by the said act of the last session of parliament charged on those duties: therefore, we, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, think it will bo for the advantage of the public to repeal the herein before mentioned duties upon linens, wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and in lieu thereof, and of the said duties repealed by the said act of this present session of parliament, to, grant unto your Majesty the several duties herein after mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the first day of August, Formerdutiea one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said duties repealed, upon linens wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, by the said act granted, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand From Aug. r, seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, col the sob ledted, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs tolbepatdfor and successors, for and upon all lineps, and stuffs made of cotan linens,

. tonne mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton mixed stuffs, wool, wove in Great Britain, British muslins, and fustians, vel cotton stuffs, vets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs made of cot tonne and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, which shall be wove in Great Britain, and foreign muslins, which, at any time printed, etc; or times after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun 5n Great bri dred and eighty-five, shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed tam: in Great Britain, (except such calicoes, linens, and fustians, as (Exception.' shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and except such stuffs whereof the greater part in value shall be woollen), the

additional

X

For all linens printed, etc. (except those dyedth rough out of one colour) of greater value than igd. and not more than is. 6d. per yard, — id. aq. per yard: for all such.. as afore said, worth more than as. 6d. per yard, — 3d. per yard:

for all mixed or cotton (tuffs, valued at more than aod. and not more than 3s. per yard, — ad. per yard:

for all mixed or cotton Huffs, worth more than 3 s. per yard, — 4d. per yard:

for all British muslins, worth more than aod. and not more than 3s. — ad. per yard:

for all British muslins, worth more

Anno vicesimo quiirto Georgii IIL c.72. [1735.

additional rates and duties herein after expressed, over and aboye all other duties payablefor.the same; that is to say,

For and upon all linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except such linens as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only), which shall be of greater value than sixteen pence, and not of greater value than two Shillings and (ixpence by the yard in length, at the ready money price, either in London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lelfer quantity:

For and upon all linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than two Shillings and sixpence by the yard in length, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of threepence for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:,

For and upon all stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufaflory, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and not of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, at the ready money price, at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of twopence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in. Great Britain, commonly called br‘}tijh Manufactory, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, at the ready money price, either at London, pr at the nearest market town to the pface where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of fourpence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

, For and upon all muslins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and not of greater value than three Shillings by the yard "square, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of twopence for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all muslins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which

shall

/

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 72. 301

shall be of greater value than three ihillings by the yard square, than 3s. per at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest yard — market town to the place where the same were manufactured, pcr yarci: before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of fourpence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and for all fufti other figured stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, an velvets, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, to be qre^brhafli printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), lct.c2q, per * the sum of three halfpence by the yard square, whatever the yard: price of the same may be, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all foreign muslins to be printed, stained, paint For all foreign' ed, or dyed, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one muslins to he colour only), which shall be of greater value than twenty Prmtpd, etc. pence, and not of greater value than .three Shillings by the yard jan and square, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the not more than nearest market town to the place where the same shall be pre 3s.per yard, — fented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, be 4d.pe*c yard: fore they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of fourpence for every yard square, and after that rate' for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all foreign muslins to be printed, stained, paint for aq such ed, or dyed, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one foreign muf colour only), which shall be of greater value than three fhil hns of greater lings by the yard square, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the yard,

same shall be presented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of eight pence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. New duties That the said several duties herein before mentioned shall be to

subject and liable to the additional duties or imports of five tionaumpofte pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per of 5 percent. centum on the produce and amount thereof respectively, in the ontheamount same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional thereof, duties of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and C

five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majesty by three sea Geo. *3. veral acts of parliament, made in the nineteenth, twenty first, i7.; ahdaa and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign. Geo. C 66

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said duties by this act imposed upon all linens, and Duties on LI stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly ne1rjs, lt^jtq ^5 made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, British muslins recoveredtn and fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs thefamemaa made of cottorf and other materials mixed, or wholly made of per as those cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or upon foreign muslins h^pofed by printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, shall, from

time

t

Qot Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 72. [1785.

time to time, be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected anfw^red, and paid, by such ways and means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with the like discounts, allowances, exemptions, and drawbacks, and in such manner and form (except as herein after is other wise'excepted), as the duties imposed upon silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, flamed, painted, or dyed, by an act made in o Anh», C the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying several *95 duties upon fope, paper, chequered and figured linens, and upon certain

silks, calicoes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, orstained, (amongst other things thereby charged), towards raising the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of it Ann, C Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on fope and paper, and 9> upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, andfluffs, (amongst other things

thereby charged), towards raising the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of and 14 Geo. his present Majesty, for ascertaining the duty on printed, painted, 3* C 74, etc. or dyed stuffs, wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in

Great Britain, and for allowing the use and wear thereof, under certain regulations 5 or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, relating to the said duties, or any of them, hre to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, andt paid, save and except in such cases where it is othefwife provided for By this act.

V And, for the better securing the said duties by this act granted,

On or before ^ further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such Aug. 1, 1785, proper stamps or seals shall, on or before the first day of August, damps to be one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be provided and thftributed*fby distributed by the commissioners for managing the several duties fioncnfoi' by fo™er as, and by this act, chargeable on the

managing the commodities aforesaid, as may serve to denote the payment or duties on LI charging of the several duties by this act, and the said former nens, etc. ^fts, chargeable on the same commodities respectively j and that

the said stamps or seals, by this act directed to be provided * be used and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered, by the said commissioners as often as they shall see fit to alter the same.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Provisions of That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains, pe former acts nalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, du\ie8^herebv contained in the said several acts of the tenth and twelfth years enlarged/ex* reign f Queen Anne, and the fourteenth year of the

tended to this reign of hi present Majesty, for railing, ascertaining, receiving, aft. levying, recovering, securing, and paying, the duties on such

commodities as are by this act charged with additional duties, touching the stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, ascertaining, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional duties by this act charged upon the same commodities,

and

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III e. 72. 303

and 'all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were at large repeated in this present act.

- VII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall, after the Penalty on firltday of Auguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, printing LI print, stain, paint, or dye any such linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton leaving‘ho wool, wove m Great Britain, British muslins or fustians, vel tice thereof vets or yelverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, made of cot at the next tonne and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign calicoes, and foreign muslins, without giving or leaving at the next office of excise for the said duties, such notice in writing as by the said act, in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is required, he, (he, or they shall, for every neglect: by not giving such notice, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VIII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty oft

fons, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye, any such commo persons ob dities aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any officer for the said tfa

duties in the execution of the powers given by this act for afcer execution of taining and securing the said duties, the offender therein, for their duty, every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer of any iuch com Penalty on modifies aforesaid, chargeable by this act, shall begin to print, printing, etc. stain, paint, or dye the same, before the same shall have been before the measured and marked at both ends thereof by the officer of ex hasbeenmea cife, with a frame, mark, denoting the measure thereof, then, sured and and in every such case, the said commodities so printed, stained, marked by painted, or dyed, before being so measured and marked by the excise officer, officer, shall be forfeited, and the printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit twenty pounds for every piece.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no person or persons, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye, penaltyonre any of the commodifies aforesaid, chargeable with the said du mo™s cm' ties by this, aft, shall remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to they are be removed, carried, or sent away, any of the commodities stamped by aforesaid chargeable by this act, by him, her, or them, printed, proper officer, stained, painted, or dyed, until such time as the proper officer (hajl have taken an account of any particular quantity of such commodities aforesaid, foto be carried away, and until every particular piece or pareel, or remnant, of the same respectively, be duly marked at both ends thereof with a stamp or seal, or (lamps or seals, denoting the charging the duty as this act directs, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all such commodities aforesaid, so carried Such commo away, without being marked with a stamp or seal, or (lamps or dities forfeit seals, denoting the charging the said duties, and being found pqffef in the pafleflion of any draper, or other trader or dealer therein, fion Gf any

or draper, etc.

3°4

Penalty on defacing the frame mark.

Commodities not surveyed to be kept separate from those surveyed.

Penalty on concealing commodities with intent to evade the duties.

Penalty on keeping commodities in any place whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer.

Utensils liable to duties in arrears, and penalties and forfeitures.

Anno vlcdfimo quiajo geo£gii III (?. $£* 1*7$5* or of any person for the use of fqch draper, fr^der* pr dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized l?y any officer of

excise.. >

And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid. That in case any printer, ftainer* pointer, ordyer of fuqh commodities aforesaid, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark put by the officer on any piece of such commodities aforesaid, to denote the measure thereof, every such printer ftainer, painter, or dyer, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every piece on which the said frame mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XII And be it further ehacted, That every printer, ftainer, painter, and dyer, of such commodities aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep so much of the same commodities as shall not have been surveyed and taken an account of by the proper officer, separate and apart from all others of the same kind which shall have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officer, on pain to forfeit, for every fqch offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, shall fraudulently hide Or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any fuph commodities aforesaid, before or after the same are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majesty pf; hrs just duties by this at granted, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and all such commodities aforesaid, which shall be found in any private workhouse or other place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer of excise, as by the said act, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen nne is required shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

XIV And be it further enaqed by the authority aforesaid. That no printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, shall keep any such commodities aforesaid, marked with a (lamp or seal, or (lamps or seals, denoting the charging the duties thereon, or unmarked in any warehouse, room, or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer of excise, as by the said al, madein the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is required; and if any such commodities aforesaid, stamped or undamped, shall be found in the possession of any printer, ftainer, * painter, or dyer, in any warehouse, room, or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer of excise as aforesaid, then,, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and all the commodities aforesaid, so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

XV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all the utensils and instruments for the printing, staining, painting, or dying of any such commodities aforesaid, in custody of any such printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, as aforesaid, or of

any

1^85.] Aiitio vicesimo quinto georgii ill. C 72. 3*05

any person or persons to the use of, or in truflr for tjiem, or any f them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties in arrear and owing by such printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer for any such commodities aforesaid, printed, stained, painted, or dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhouse or places aforesaid; and shall be also subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons so using such workhouse or other place, for any offence against this act relating to the duties on such commodities aforesaid, so printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and it shall ' and may be lawful, in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and use such proceedings, as may lawfully be done by this act, in relation to such commodities, in case the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the same.

.XVL And, for the better ascertaining, chargings colie fling, levying, raiftng, and jecuring the several duties by this act imposed upon all linens, and stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, British muffins and fufhans, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other ffgurfd stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, and upon foreign muffins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and for preventing frauds \

concerning the same; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as are chargeable upon such Duties so be commodities printed, stained, painted, or dyed in England and under the ma wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (half be under the management c™mmif of the commissioners and officers of excise in England for the fioners of ex time being; and such of the said duties as are chargeable upon cife. such commodities printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Scotland,

shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland (or the time being. "

XVIL And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforesaid.

That the respective commissioners of excise shall, on or before On or before the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty Aug. t, 1785, five, provide proper frames to denote the measure of such com ento provide modifies aforesaid, and proper (lamps or seals to denote the frame marks charging the duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective to denote the frames, (lamps, and seals, to be distributed to the respective of roeasure, and ficers for the several purposes before mentioned; which officers notepthe°dtt" are hereby enjoined and required in using the same, to do no ties, hurt or damage, or the least damage that may he to the commodities to be so marked or stamped; and the said (lamps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time as the said respective commissioners shall from time to time think fit: and if any person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time Persons frau or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any (lamp or seal to re dulently semble any stamp or seal which shall be provided, in pursuance counterfeit of this act, to denote the charging the duties on the said linens, in ftamp8> stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, British muffins and fustians, velvets, velyerets, dimities and other figured stuffs,

voxxxv. X made

G( e

306

to suffer death as felons.

Penalty on persons selling commodities with a counterfeit stamp.

If (tuffs are fufpe&edtobe in the custody of a draper, C undamped, the com miffiohers,

C may issue their warrants to search for the same, and if found, itre forfeited.

Atiiio vicesimo quinta Geoalgii III C yi< [ i

made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign calicoes, or foreign muffins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or shall counterfeit'or resemble the impression of the same upon any of the said goods chargeable by this al, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty hereby, granted; then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy : and if any person or persons shall, at any time or times hereafter, sell any such commoditiesaforesaid^with a counterfeit stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, all and every such offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being duly convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the pillory in some public place for the space of two hours.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible person or-persons, that he, (he, or they have reason to fufpedfc or believe that any such linens, or stuffs' made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or British muslins, or fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, foreign muslins called or other foreign muslins, printed, stained, painted, or

dyed in Great Britainfor which a duty ought to have been aid or charged by this act, or which ought to have been stamped as by this act is directed, are or shall be in the custody or poffedion of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons for the use or acv count of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for sale, without having thereupon such (lamps or seals as are by this act required to denote the payqient or charging, the said duties thereupon; it shall and may be lawful for the respective commissioners of excise^or any two of them, within their respective limits, or for any two justices of the peace in any other parts in Great bri tain, from time to time to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authorising and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the assistance of a constable, or Other officer of the peace, in the daytime, to search for the same, aod to open doors, chests, trunks, and packages, and to seize such linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or British muslins, or fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured Huffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, br wholly made of cotton wool, wave m Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, or foreign muflinsj called Gojfaet, or other foreign muslins, printed, gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and to bring

them

i Anno vicesimo quinto geq&gii III C 72. 307

them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be seized, and that every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such commodities aforesaid, so found undamped in the possession of such draper, trader, or dealer, for fate, or other person for the use of such draper trader, or dealer, for falet shall be forfeited.

XIX And b.c. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all (tuffs wholly made of cotton wool, commonly called Cotton ft offs or known by the name of Calicoes that have not three blue "^ee^ue threads in each felvage, as directed by an act made in the four threads in teenth year of his present majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for each felvage, a/cert dining the duty on printed, painted, jiained, or dyed fluff's, to he deemed wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for forei£n cali' allowing the use and wear thereof under certain regulations,) shall qco g be deemed to be foreign calicoes, and on their being printed, 7j6# stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, shall be damped, marked, or sealed at both the ends of each piece or remnant, with a stamp, mark, or seal, containing the following words \ videlicet. Foreign Calicoes for Exportation y and every draper, tra How such der, of dealer for fate, having in his, her, or their custody or us are possession any such foreign calicoes, printed, (tained, painted, e ampe or dyed, (except dyed throughout of one colour only,) and not papers etc. being stamped or sealed at both ends of each piece, as directed having in their by this act, (except such as have been printed, (tained, painted, possession or dyed, before the commencement of this act, and have been such foreign, stamped or sealed at one end thereof;) or having in his, her, or their custody or possession, any piece of (tuffs wholly made of ^ cotton wopl, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British or stuffs called matiufactory, (muffins, neckcloths, and fustians excepted,) not brftiffimanu having the blue threads in the felvages, as required by the said the*blue *

'act of the fourteenth year of his present majesty's reign, shall threads in the not only forfeit and lose the said goods, or the value thereof, felvages. but shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds for every piece of such goods found in his custody or possession as aforesaid.

XX And be it further enacted, That the owner or printer Every piece

of any piece, or remnant of a piebe, of any croffae, or foreign of ft£fftp be muslins, and foreign calicoes, shall, before the same are fare itfmted presented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, etg. *

mark the same at both ends with a frame or mark, containing

in words at length his name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods which they are commonly called or known by, dn pain to forfeit the said gtoods, and the sum of ten pounds Penalty on for every piece or remnant of such goods that shall be printed, ^ negieft. stained, painted, or dyed, (except those that are dyed throughout of one colour only,) without being so marked.

XXI And be, it further enacted, That the owner or printer Name and of any piece or remnant of linens, or stuffs made of cotton

mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton and name and wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manu quality of the factory, or muslins plain, chequered, striped, figured, or orna goods tc*be

X % mented,

gos Anno vicesimo qultfto Georgii III C 72. [1^%.

marked on men ted, that shall be wove in Graz Britain, except fufhans, stuffs liable to velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs made of the duty of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton yard ^ wove in Great Britain, which are by this act made fub

( 9 jest to a duty of one penny halfpenny per yard square, shall

mark the same at both ends of every piece or remnant, with a. frame or mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, the name and quality of tlfe goods, and the linen and stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; com and the ready monly called British Manufactory with the ready moiiey price or money price value thereof; (that is to say,) if linens, whether the price is more to be m*rke(j than sixteen pence, or more than two Shillings and sixpence by the cdbritishma yal*d in length, or if stuffs made of cotton and other materials ' nufastory, be mixed, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great forepresented Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, or British muf ^^erexcife lins, whether the ready money price or value thereof be more than twenty pence, and not more than three Shillings, by the yard square, or whether the ready, money price or value thereof be more than three Shillings by the yard square;; the same shall be presented to the officer appointed to take an account Owner to de thereof, to be printed, (lained, painted, or dyed; and in case ter etc l^le owner snot printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer, then with thee C sham deliver a note in writing with the said linens or (Iqffs to fluff?, etc. an the printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer, expreffmg the number of account of pieces, their quality and value as aforesaid, and the time whea the number, Slivered to the printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer; which note vaiue^of the Printer (lainer, painter, or dyer, dial 1 deliver to thp

pie^esdeliver officer who is to take fcn account of the said linens and stuffs, ed, which is before the same shall be printed,, (lained, painted, or dyed? ex to be given to cept t|10fe that are t0 be dyed throughout of one colour only,) fice/before0 " on pa'n lat evety piece or remnant of such linens or, (tuffs, not printing, etc. so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be feiz^d by Penalty on any officer of excise, and the owner,, or other person putting neglect of the out or sending such piece not so marked, shall forfeit and lose above menti the sum of twenty pounds; and that every printer, (lainer, tions Fesula' painter, or dyer, being the owner, who shall print, (lain, paint, or dye, any of the said linens or stuffs, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only,) shall, before he begins to print, (lain, paint, or dye the same, mark each piece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a frame or mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods, which they are cemr monly called and known by, with the ready money price or value thereof; (that is to say,) if linens, whether the price is more than sixteen pence, or more than two Shillings and sixpence by the yard in length, or if stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory or British muffins, whether the ready money price or value thereof be

more

Anno vicesimo quinto georgii HI. C 72. 309

more than twenty pence, and not more than three Shillings, by the yard square, or whether the ready money price or value thereof be more than three Shillings by the yard square, before he begins to print, stain, paint, or dye the same, (except those that are dyed throughout of one colour only,) on pain to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect, and also the said linens and stuffs not so marked as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise; and in case such Penalty on owner, or other person so putting out or sending any such marking stuffs linens or stuffs to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, as afore a puce leif said, or any such printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, shall mark aa e re any piece or remnant of such linens or stuffs at a price lef$ than the real value, or ready money price, as herein before directed, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXII And whereas it may happen in the printing, flaming, painting,

or dying the commodities aforesaid, that the frame marks, fet thereupon by the officer of excise to denote the meajure thereof, may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when the said frame marks shall be Frame marks come obliterated or defaced, the printer, ftainer, painter, or unavoidably dyer, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye the said com modi renewed ties, shall give notice thereof to the officer of excise, under upon notice whose survey he is, and require the said officer to renew the said beinggiven to frame mark, who shall renew the same accordingly. he exgife of

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cer#

That if any person whatsoever shall, at any time or times here Penalty on after, counterfeit or forg? any frame mark, to denote the mea counterfeit sure of anyxfuch corpmodities, directed to be marked by this ithe frame aft, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, ™ar *

of the duties to be charged thereon, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds,

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains, pe Provisions of nalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things ip this act this act shall contained, shall extend to all silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, of

of what kind soever, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, upmtfilks" wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, etc. by 10 *

printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, arid shall Anne, C 19. be pradiifed and put in execution for railing, ascertaining, re riqc^? ceiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the duties ™ C ^ imposed upon all silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs of what kind 3' *?

soever, or stuffs wholly made of cotton, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, by the said acts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his preferit Majesty, or by any of them.

J£XV. And whereas the duties imposed by the said act, made in,

'- X 3 the

A drawback of the duties

Q Anno vicesimo quirvto Georgii III. C 72. [ 1785* %

Hhedaft session of parliament upon fluffi made of cotton and linen. mixed, and fluff's wholly mage of coltonyiuool9 wove in Great Bri,,

'and bleached or dyed in'qfeat Britain, have been paid for diverse quantities of such stuffs which may hereafter be printed, flainedy painted, or dyed in Great Britain and thereby become chargeable %vitb the duties by this act imposed upon such stuffs to be printed fained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, and it is reasonable that upon payment of the duties by this act imposed upon such stuffs, when printed, fained, painted, or dyed, allowance should be made for

. the duties before paid in pursuance of the said act, made in the list session of parliament, for the same stuffs when bleached or dyed; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall. be lawful for any printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer of such stuffs actdofniaftrthe as who, after the first day of August, one thousand

session pn seven hundred and eighty-five, shall print, flam, paint, or dye goods charge any of the said stuffs, made of cotton and linen mixed, or stuffs able with new wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, that (lull obtainedun een charged with the duties imposed by the said at,

on appucati 011 their being bleached, and shall have the mark or seal thereof in the on, denoting the said duties to have been charged, and also the manner here t frame marks thereon, or for the owner of the same stuffs, when (n prescribed. tj, e duties by this at granted shall be charged upon the same stuffs, on their being printed, stained, paintpd, pr dyed, to make application to any two or more qommissioners of excise in England or Scotland respectively, if such stuffs, of stuffs made bf cotton as aforesaid; shall be printed, stained, painted, pr dyed within the limits of the chief office of excise in London or edinburgh respectively, or in other places in Great Britain, to any two or more justices of the peace within whose jurisdiction fucfi stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, shall be printed stained, painted or dyed, for a drawback or allowance of the " iduties before paid upon the bleachipg the same stuffs respectively,

upon the terms, and ip the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, such printer, ftainer, painter, oy dyer, or such owner, after having given twelve hours notice in writing to the officer appointed by the commissioners for i that purpose, shall produce to the said officer every piece of

Such stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, and (hew such officer the (lamps or seals, denoting the charging the duties upon the bleaching thereof, at both erids thereof, and alfp the frame marks at both ends thereof; and the said officer 'Khali take off the same seals or damps, ' and the frame marks, from both ends of every fhch piece, arid thereupon such officer shall give the said printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, or fucfi owner, a Certificate, without fee or reward, or other chargej except such (latrip duties as may be required by law, expressing the quantities and kinds bf such stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, arid that the (lamps or seals, denoting the said duties to haye been charged, and the frame marks, were upon such pieces when the same were prqduced to him, and 1‘. - " V i; i u‘ ' " : " that

3 Anno yicefima quinto g&orgii HI. c 72. 311

that lie had taken off such stamps or feals„ and frame marks and that the duties by this at chargeable had been charged upon the same.

XXVI Provided always, That .every such printer, ftainer, personsap painter, or dyer, or such owner as aforesaid, who shall apply for p|y*ng fr aan allowance of the said duties paid upon the bleaching the said ^u?ies paid stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, shall give notice, under former in writing, of his intention to apply for the same, unto the col act, to give Jedlor or supervisor of excise of the diftri<ff within which such ap previous no plication^shall be made, fourteen days before such application, to ^ohector or the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace respec1iv.ely, supervisor of in order that such collector or supervisor may attend, if he excise. thinks fit, to (hew unto the commissioners or jjustices respectively

any reason against the making such allowances; and such Oath to be printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer, or his chief workman, or made of the such owner as aforesaid, shall make oath (or, being a Quaker, duties having affirmation) before the commissioners or justices respectively, ceppai that he verily believes that the said duties upon bleaching such stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, have been paid, and that the duties by this a imposed upon the printing, flaming, painting, or dying the same stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton respectively, have been charged thereupon, and that such notice as aforesaid had been given to the said officer to take off the stamps or seals, and frame marks, and also such notice as aforesaid given to the collector or supervisor of the application being intended to be made; which oath or affirmation such com eommifeon missioners or justices are hereby authorised and required toa.dmi fc. au nifter; and thereupon it shall be lawful for thefajd two or more commissioners of excise, or two or more justices respectively, t^eo^th, being satisfied of the truth thereof, and no sufficient reason be *

shown to them to the contrary, upon such certificate a aforesaid, from the officer appointed to examine the said goods being produced to them, to order the collector of the duties by ancj or(j€r this at granted, to pay out of the money in his hands arising repayment of by the said duties, unto such printer, ftainer, paipter, or dyer, the duties or such owner, so much money as the duties paid upon the bleaching the same stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, amount unto; and if the said collector shall not have money fuffident in his hands to pay the same, the commissioners shall cause the same to be paid out of any moneys arising by the said duties by this aql granted.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall be lawful for any person or persons who shall Ferlbns who have paid all his majesty's duties by this or any former act pay uf

able for any such linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed, with of thofcuwto other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in have paid, the Great Britain, British muffins, and fustians, velvets, velverets, duties, may dimities, and other figured stuffs made of cotton and other tofor^8* materials mixed, or made of cotton wool, woye in Great Brt parts?

tain or foreign calicoes, or foreign muffins, or coffaes, printed, ffaified, painted or dyed in Great Britain or for any person or * X 4. - peffqps

Si

Terms of exportation.

No linens,

etc.to be packed up for exportation but under the limitations herein prescribed;

and security to be given for their exportation.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii HIC. [1785;

persons who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any such commodities aforesaid, printed, Gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, from the person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such commodities aforesaid, for which all the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions herein after mentioned; that is to say, the person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities aforesaid, shall give twelve hours notice in writing within the limits of the chief office of excise m London and twenty-four hours notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up in order to be exported any such commodities, and of the time and place when and where he will pack up the same, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise m England or Scotland; and such officer or officers shall take care to imeasure the said goods, and to see that the seals or Gamps, denoting the payment of the duties upon such goods, and also the frame marks upon the same, be taken off from both ends of every piece so intended to be exported, (except as bear in after is excepted;) and every such piece .shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, who shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the commodities aforesaid so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such commissioners to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any see pr reward for so doing.

XXVIII Provided always, That the said officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, and shall not take off such seals or Gamps, denoting that the said duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of such commodities aforesaid not having the frame mark, denoting the measure thereof, distinct and plain at both ends thereof; and not obliterated or defaced, (except as herein after is excepted,) which frame mark shall be cut off at the same time as the Gamps or seals denoting the payment of the duties; and the person or persons, so intending to export such goods, shall also give six hours notice in writing of the time and place of shipping such goods unto the pfficer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and see the same put oh hip board; and the exporter of the said goods (ha also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person by them appointed for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular commodities aforesaid, so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, uni ladled, or laid on land, or put on board any other ship or vefi fel within Great Britain, ((hipwreck, and other unavoidable accidents, excepted;) whicji security thq oige^r of exjifp of the

: - port

^

1^8$.] vigcflmo quinta Georgii III C |ij

port where the said goods Avail be exported, is hereby directed to take in his majesty's name, and to his majeay's use; and Oath to be Jhe said exporter, or his clerk or manager. Avail make oath (or ^ade that the affirmation, if a Quaker) that he believes the duties upon such beeupaid^tc. goods had been paid, and that such goods are the same that are *

described in the account sent as aforesaid by the officer in whose presence the same were paeked, to the officer attending the Avipping, (which oath or affirmation the surveyor, or other officer appointed by the commissioners for that purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer)) the said surveyor or supervisor, or other officer aforesaid, and the officer who at,,

the Avipping the said goods, being satisfied of the truth thereof. Avail, within one month after the exportation of the said goods, give to the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture expressing the quantities and kinds of such goods so fivipped, and that all the duties are paid for the same, and that security hath been given before the shipping the same for the due exporting the same; and such certificate or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where the same goods are exported, he Avail forthwith pay or allow to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback or Drawback al allowance of all the duties before paid for such goods so export low^d on ex? ed; and if such colleflor Avail not have money in his hands to pori pay the same, then the respective commiaioners of excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon linens or stuffs printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, arising by this or either of the said former acts.

XXIX Provided always. That it Avail be lawful for the of Goods maybe Acer attending the Avipping such commodities aforesaid (if he opened at the Avail think it necessary) to open pr examine such goods at the Port ex port of exportation, in order that he may be satisfied that they the proper ^ re the same that are described in the account sent to him by officer.

the officer in whose presence the goods were packed.

XXX Provided always, That if, after the Avipping of any Penalty on,

such commodities aforesaid, and the giving or tendering such unlbipping security as aforesaid in order to obtain an allowance or drawback od"?.

of the duties charged thereupon, the same commodities, or any w£fch have part thereof. Avail be unavipped, unladled, or laid on land, or been shipped put into any other Avip or vessel within Great Britain, hip for exportati* wreck, and other unavoidable accidents, excepted,) that then, on

and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond,

which Avail be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the ' t

said commodities aforesaid, which Avail be unshipped, unladled,

pr laid on land, or put into any other Avip or vessel within

Great Britain, (except as befpre excepted,) or the value thereof.

Avail be forfeited. " «,.

XXXI Provided nevertheless. That the exporter of such Exporters of commodities as aforesaid, as Avail have been printed, Aained, linens, etc. painted, or dyed, before the said first day of August, one thou prifrit.edietc* sand seven hundred and eighty fiye, and Qvall have been marked ^ ^

: - ' o ‘ : ‘ * ' with * 7 -*

h . i \

,

1*4

titled to drawback though the goods are marked at one end of the piece only.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer

a»hq viejpfimo quinto Georgii III 72, [ 1785.

with a stamp or seal, or stamps or seals, denoting the charging the former duties thereon, at one end of each piece only, shall upon the exportation thereof, be entitled to a drawback of the said former duties paid thereupon, upon the terms, and according to the directions hereinbefore mentioned, notwithstanding such commodities aforesaid are marked or stamped at one end of each piece only, such exporter making proof, to the satisfaction of the officer who shall see the said goods packed up, that the same were printed, stained, painted, or dyed, before the said first day of August^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, who shall certify that such proof has been made in the account of the said goods, which he is herein before directed to return to the officer to be appointed by the said commififoners to receive the same, at the port of exportation.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the duties by this act granted shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his

separate from exchequer, separate and apart from all other duties.

all others.

and shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties by this act, and the said other ad of this present session of parliament repealed, were applicable unto.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore

Allthepow That all and every the powers, authorities, directions,

ers, penalties, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and etc.contained things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of in XI Car. a. the rejgn Of {£jng Charles the Second, entitled, An act for tak other \awtl tn away le court f wars and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and lating to ex by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon

\ cife duties, his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force re fbr collecting }ating to his majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under int? the duties ie management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, thereby settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, rais granted, shall ing, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating, or recovering be applied in adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby grant aetcutmsthl9 anc or Preventlng* deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prefciibed by this act,) shall be exercised practised, applied, and put in execution in and for the manage ing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeef taining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby grants ed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in this present

ad.

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore

Penahiesand said, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting the forfeitures inland duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for, reco how to be re yered, leyied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, awtkd* and as any or, forfeiture, is or may be hied for, reco

p, p ."* vered, levied or mitigated by any law qr Jaws of excise, or by

1785.i Anno vicesimo quiato Georgii III. C 72*

a<stion of debt, bill, plaint, or info/irration, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively $ and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.,

XXXV And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the several duties which were imposed by the herein From aug.x, before recited act, made in the last session of parliament, upon 1785, the old all stuffs made of or mixed with cotton, not printed, painted, ftufft^c ftaiped, or dyed in foreign parts, which (hold be imported or imported to brought into this kingdom, shall, from and after the said'first cease, audtfae day of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, following to cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; and in lieu and in stead thereof, there shall be raised, levied, collected, y\z% and paid, to^and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon the several goods herein after enumerated, which, from and after the said first day of Auguji^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties herein after mentioned j that is to say,

For and upon all linens, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, For all linens in foreign parts (except such linens as shall be dyed throughout printed, etc. of one colour only, and except also such linens p are prohibit part°gre|fxcept ed to be used or worn in Great Britain,) which shall be of those'dyed, greater value than ixteen pence, and not of greater value than throughout two Shillings and sixpence the yard in length, there shall be paid of one colour, the sum of one penny halfpenny by the yard square: :

more than as. 6d. per yard, — id. aq. per yard?

And for and upon all such linens (except as before excepted) for all such which shall be of greater value than two Shillings and sixpence linen worth by the yard in length, there shall be paid the sum of threepence yard

by the yard square: : per yard:

For and upon all stuffs made of cotton and other materials for all cotton mixed, and all stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, printed, stain or mixed ed, painted, or dyed in foreign parts (except as before except etc in^rei^i CD which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and parts, from pot of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, od. to38. ad. (here shall be paid the sum of twopence by the yard square: : yard

And for and upon all such stuffs made of cotton and other for all such materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool ex oran 3 eept as before excepted,) which shall be of greater value than per jthree Shillings by the yard square, there shall be paid the sum per yard: of fourpence by the yard square: forallmuflins

For and upon all muslins printed, stained, painted, or dyed printed, etc. jn foreign parts (except as before excepted,) which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and not of greater value than *0d.to3s. per

; 1 - ' three yard, ad. per

yard:

sd by : >ogie

for all such _ worth more than 38. per yard, 4d. per yard: for all fufr tains, etc. printed, etc. in foreign parts, id. xq. per yard.

Duties liable tcvthe additional imposts of 5i. per centon the amountthere of, as granted by 19 Geo. 3. fc.i5, and, a Geo. 3. C 66.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 72.' [1785;

three Shillings by the yard square, there shall be paid the Tun pf twopence by the yard square:

And for and upon all such muslins (except as before excepted)) shall be of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, there shall be paid the sum of fourpence by the yard square:

And for and upon all fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or made wholly of cotton wool, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts, (except as before excepted,) there shall be paid the sum of one penny halfpenny by the yard square, and in the like proportion for any greater or less quantity of such goods respectively: : the said duties shall also be subject and liable to the additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, on the produce and amount thereof respectively, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional duties of five pounds per centum and five pounds per centum, are granted to his majesty by two several acts of parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of his majesty's reign.

XXXVI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Dutiesjonim aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the portation of importation of such foreign linens, cottons, muslins, fustians,

l\nens velvets, velverets, dimities, and figured stuffs, shall be under the manaee the rnanagement and direction of the commissioners of his Ma * jhent of com jesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall missionersof be 'drawn back upon the exportation of the same goods; and customs, and tiie said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, bellowed recoverec!* Paid, and allowed, in the same manner and form, former draw and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by [backs. ' such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as fully, to all intents and purpose?, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and. forfeitures, in any acl or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this act.

XXXVII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted,

Duties on im^ That the before mentioned duties, which are chargeable upon portation of the importation of such foreign linens, cottons, and muslins, foreign linens, according to the value thereof, shall be ascertained and paid, certained and n me Homier, and the goods shall be subject and liable paid in like to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures, that manner as for other unrated goods, undervalued by the importer or proprie other unrated tor are subject and liable to by sny act or acts of parliament f00 B now in force. V

-.. XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore

^uont1011 f That any action or suit shall be brought or commenced?? * against apy perfop or persons, .for apy thing by him or them

"' ^pne

<785.1 Anno vicesimo quinto gfiorgii III e.73. g j

done in pursuance of this at, such aion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in such a&iori or suit may plead the general General Iffae* issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict (halt pass for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given again ft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise then such defendant or defendants shall have treble colls awarded to him, her. Treble or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIII

An act to declare, that brewers selling leer or ale in less quantities than a cajk, containing four gallons and a half Shall not be; inttiled to any allowance out of the duties of excise for wajie or leakage; and for making allowances to distillers of Idw winey and fpi ritsfrom maltcor n, or grain, in respect to the duties imp ofed by an act of the lafi session of parliament.

WHEREAS, by two acts of 'parliament, made in the twelfth Preamble.

year of the reign of King Charles the Second; one entitled,

A grant of certain impositions upon beer ale, and other Recital of 1% liquors, for the increase of his majsftyv revenue during his car#a'c* life; and the other entitled, An act for taking away the court of ani Gt wards and liveries, and tenures incupite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon htema '

jesty in lieu thereof, it was among other things, enaftedythatevery common brewer not selling beer or ale by retail, for and in confderation ff

of wajle by filling and leakage of their beer and ale, Should have and be allowed, out of the returns made by the gaugers, the several allow -. -

ances and abatements after mentionedy that is to say, upon every three and twenty barrels of beer, whether flrongor finally returned by the said gaugers, three barrels; and upon every two and'twenty barrels of ale, whether strong or small, returned by the gaugers, two barrels: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, V An additional act for the better ordering and collecting the duty ls car. a. c„ pf excise, and preventing the abuses therein,) it was, among n.

other things, enacted. That no common brewer of beer and ale Should sell, deliver, or carry out, any beer or ale to any of his tujlomers, either in whole cajk, or by the galion, before notice given to an excise officer, but between the hours of the day therein mentioned: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of King William and ghieen Mary, (entitled, An act for an additional duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors,) it it was among other things, enacted. That the allowances appointed to be made and allowed to the common brewers, other than within. the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, for wajle by fillings and leakage of their beer and ale, out of the

returns

igul. 3c Mar. C »4.

ted by

i Afina Vkefimo quint georgii till. C 73. f 178$.

returns or charges made by thi gaugers or other should he two barrets and an half Upon every three and twenty 'barrels, of beer and ale, whether strong or fthnll, and no more: and whereas many iommon brewers, under the elaufe above recited of the said act of the fifteenth year of King Charles the second, do sell great quantities of teer or ale by Jingle galions, to diverse of their customers, and nevertheless claim the aforesaid allowance, dir eft ed to be made, for waftt by fillings and leakage, to common brewers riot selling beer or ale by tetail, by the said two acts of the twelfth year of King Charles the r _... Second, or by the said act of the first year of King William and $%ueen Mary 5 and it has been doubted whether such brewers, so selling their beer or ale by [ingle galions, are entitled to the said allowances; now to remove such doubts, be it enabled by the King's? most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confertt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From July $ parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thafy x?von felhn rom after' the fifth day of juty+one thbufand seven hundred 2eer°et<f. ina anc eighty-five, every common brewer, who shall sell beer or lefsquantity ale, or worts, in any less quantity, at any one time, than in a than 4 gal whole calk, containing four gallons and an half, shall be deem jj)1?|anda, ed to sell beer or ale by retail, and shall not be entitled to the *reta&er?e 1 allowance for waste by fillings and leakage in the said two au of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and the said act of the first year of King William and Queen Mary, mentioned, nor to any other allowance for or in confix - deration ofi such waste whatsoever.

II And whereas by a certain aft, made in.the last session of parr

*** Geo. 3. C

entitled. An al to discontinue, for a limited time, the Low wines Paymcn^ of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home ar^f^rits^for confiimption, and for granting and securing the due payment home con of other duties, in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of fumption. the making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Majesty the duties of excise, within the lands of Ferentofh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the jveft Indies: it was enacted. That for and during the pace of two years, to be computed from the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, all the rates and dutiesr granted and inipofed upon low wines and spirits for home confumplion, in and by any act or acts thentofore made and then in force, Jkould be discontinued; and that, in lieu and fiead thereof, the several rates and duties in the said act mentioned, fi)ould, for and during the said term of two years, be substituied, charged, and paid, which duties in the said act mentioned are lower in value than the duties by the said act discontinued: and whereas, at the time of faffing the said act, diverse difiillers or tnakers of low wines and fpi tits from malt, corn, or grain, were poffefjed of a large flock of spirits, dtftiued from malt, corn, or grain, for which the high duties by the said act discontinued had been fully paid, and it is reasonable that

same

1785*] Anno Vicesimo quinto georgii III Ch 73. ' 319

same allowance Should be made to such distiliers, in respect of the high duties fto' by them paid, for the spirits which were their fiock in hand at the time of the paffmg the said act; but no provision is made in type said act for making such allowance; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the commis Allowance (loners of excise in England, or the major part of them, in cases not exceeding; where the said duties were charged within the limits of the aa every chief office of excise in London, to pay, out of the money in to^bf paidirt their hands, arising by the duties by the said act granted, unto england.aod such distiller or distiliers, any sum or sums of money, not ex a rateable ceeding twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, Scotland, and foin proportion for a greater or less quantity; and also for on the (Stock the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of in hand be them, in cases where the said duties were charged within the twee^°n<i* limits of the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, to pay, out member'! of the money in their hands, arising by the said duties, unto I7g4. such distiller or distiliers, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also that it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place in England and Scotland respectively, within which such duties were charged, in cases where the said duties were charged out of the said respec five limits, to order the colle<sior of the said duties to pay, out of the money in his hands, arising by the duties by the said adfc granted, unto such distiller or distiliers, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, and in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity in that part of Great Britain called England; and in a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon, in that part of Great Bri *

called Scotland, according to the respective stock of such distiller or distiliers, as the same was taken by the officers of excise respectively, Jwho surveyed the several and respective malt distiliers, between the twenty second day of October, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the commencement of the said act; and if the said cqlle&or shall not have money Efficient in his hands to pay the said sums so ordered, the commissioners shall cause the same to be paid out of any moneys arising by the said duties.

III Provided also, That every such distiller who shall apply Six days no for such allowance, shall give notice of his intention to apply tieetobe for the same, unto the collector or supervisor of excise of the fintlon mao district within which the distillery of such distiller is situated, piy for said P six days before such application to the commissioners of excise allowance, or justices of the peace respectively, in order that such collector *

or

'

f Anno Hcefimo qulhte georgii Its. fe. f; (1

'or supervisor may attend, (if he thinks fit), to show unto such commissioners or justices, how much the flock of such diftillet* respectively amounted unto, according to the survey of the officers made in October one thoufarld feveh hundred and eighty-four, as aforesaid*

Application IV Provided also That every such diftrller^ intending tof to be made by apply for such allowance as aforesaid, shall apply fof the same Novi, 1785. w; thin six months after the first day of May, one thousand fe * hundred and eighty-five;

Allowance V Provided also, That after arty of the said eomrtfilfionefsr

when afcer or justices shall have once ascertained such allowance, the same

!aiu!d«n!ler had never after be examined into by any other of the com to be again J J

examined. miliioners or justices.

VI And whereas an account was taken of the flock in hand, at the several different corn dijiilleries, by order of the commissioners of excise /// and Scotland reflectively, and by their proper officers, within ten days next preceding the commencement of the new rate of duties chargeable under the said at, and was so taken, cajly and computed at and after the rate of one to ten over hydrometer Regulations proof \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and for person8f every person, claiming any allowance by way of drawback as Reallowance, aforesaid shall and do present a petition to the commissioners * excise in, England and Scotland respectively; in which petition shall be stated, not only the amount of the allowance claimed thereby, but also the particular place and places where the spirits on which such drawback is claimed, were made and diddled the particular period or time, within twelve months last precede ing the commencement of the reduced duties, when the flock of the petitioner, at each and every of such place of working was either entirely out or at the lowed state (if any was then in hand), the time next after such period when working began at each of such places respectively, and for how longtime worts' and wah were continued to be brewed and distilled therein re fpe6lively, lhe quantity of Wash brewed, and oh which the dw ties on low wines and spirits have been charged, and actually paid by the petitioner, and the whole amount of the duties fa respectively paid within such period; and that the quantity of spirits sold and permitted out since the period, within such twelve months, at which the stock was either'wholly out, or at the lowed state as aforesaid, together with the stock so remaining in hand, and on which such drawback shall be claimed, (cast and computed at one to ten over hydrometer proof), did not amount to one fifth part of the quantity of wash, on which the duties chargeable on low wines and spirits had been charged', and actually paid by the petitioner within such period, respect being had to the dock in hand, if any was at such lowest state. Petition to be or when the petitioner so began working; to which petition ve^hfie^on (had be annexed an affidavit, made and sworn by one or more

03 ' of the petitioners, before any two or more of the said respective

commissioners, or before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where such spirits were

remaining

*5^5*1 Anno vicefirhd quinto gedfeaii III C 74. 3u

remaining in flock, verifying the particulars and matters flated in such petition; and every person or persons, who shall be Penalty on donvidted of making or taking, a false oath, to any of the facfts making false herein before directed or required to be sworn, shall be deemed oat * guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury;

CAP. LXXIV

An act for repealing the duty imposed on tea by an act passed in the ( laji jejfion of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu, thereof; for repealing so much of feverol acts as relates to the re „ moval of tea; for directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles.

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the lajlfejfion of parliament, Preamble.

entitled, An act for repealing the several duties oh tea, 24 Geo. 3. e and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; 38. and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several rates, duties, and other impositions upon teaimported ^ sold, or used in this kingdom, Should cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that upon all tea, which, from and after the said fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, Should be delivered to the buyers thereof by the united, company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there Should be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, by the purchaser or purchasers of suck tea, a duty of twelve pounds teh finllings per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea Should be sold; which duty Should be paid as in and by that act is in that behalf directed and appointed: and whereas it is expedient that the said duty, by the J'aid aft granted upon tea, Should be repealed; and in lieu of the said duty, by the said act granted upon tea, to grant unto his Majesty the two new duties of five pounds per centum, and seven pounds and ten Billings per centum, herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftenir bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after From Aug. r the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty 1785, the duff ve, the said duty, by the said a<ff granted upon tea, shall cease, *^3™^ b "determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except recited in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears of the said duty, a repealed, tvhich may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively,

which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before the said first day of Aitgiift, one ihoufadd seven hundred and eighty-five. -

II And' be it further enabled by the authority aferesaid, vql.xxxv. Y That

%22 Anno vicesimo quinto Geor, gii III C 74; [1785;

New duties in That upon all tea which, from and after the said first day of lieu thereof. August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be sold by the said united company, there shall be paid to the.

„ king's majesty, his heirs and successors, one duty of five

pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea flail be sold \ 2nd also one other duty of feveji: pounds and ten shillings per centum to be also computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold; which said duties of five pounds per centum, and seven pounds and ten billings per centum, shall be paid, by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea, to the said united company, at such time or times as 1 shall, by the conditions of such sales, be from time to time ap'

'for the payment of the price of such tea to the said

united company \ and the said united company flail at all times, together with the proper officers of thecustoms, make up an "account of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the.gross prices at which such tea shall be sold, and pay the same to the collector inwards of his majesty's customs, within forty days fiuty of 5 per after the expiration of each quarterly sale; which said duty of to be pqunc]s per centum flail be under the management of the

Management commissioners of the customs for the time being, and flail be of comm if again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such tea (loners ofcuf to any place where a drawback of the duty on tea is now auow. toms, etc. ^ by jaw. an(] fajd united company shall also, at all times,

* together with the proper officer of excite make up an account

of seven pounds and ten Shillings per centum, to be competed

upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold, and pay the same to the commissioners of etfeife for the time being within forty days after the expiration of each quarterlytale; Duty of 7i. which lad mentioned duty flail be, and shall be deemed and ios. percent, taken to be an inland duty, and shall be under the manage' to be under jpent of the commissioners of excise for the time being, and mentof the" be again drawn back and fepaid upon the exportation, of

commission such tea to any place where a drawback of the duty oa te ers of excise, is now allowed by law; and such tea hall and may, from time

ctc» to time, be exported to any place or places, where the exportation

of tea is now allowed by law, upon the same terms and conditions, and under and subject to the same rules, restrictions, regulations, and provisions, (not otherwise directed by this act,) which in and by an act made in the twenty first: year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti axe Geo, a, C tuled, An act for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an act of the eighteenth year of his present Ma reign \ and for enlarging the time for some of the payments to be made on the subscription of six millions three hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of an act of this session of parliament; or in or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to the exportation of tea, in force at the time of the passing of the said act, * made in the last session of parliament, are contained, provided, settled or established, relating to the exportation of tea and such

rules,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quintb georgii III C 74. 323

rules, reftridlions, regulations, and provisions, shall be in full Provisions in force, and be duly observed, p radii fed, applied, used, and Put Jeifti ex jn execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, p0rtation of " upon such exportation of any such tea, anything herein, or in tea, to be ap any other actor acts of parliament, contained to the contrary plied in exin anywise not with (landing,, ^in8this

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, C *

That in case the moneys by the said act of the last session of Receiver ge parliament, directed to be paid to the receiver-general of the neral of the customs, (other than the duty on tea hereby repealed,) shall,

.together with the moneys arising by the said duty of five pounds pua of duties, per centum, by this act granted, at any time in any one quarter to pay the (the necessary costs, charges and expenses of railing, receiving, same to the colledtirig, levying, accounting for, and paying the same being commission first deducted,) exceed the sum of eighty seven thousand one €U Q CXCI C hundred and thirty*six pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight pence farthing, the said receiver-general shall pay ovpr such ex cess or surplus into the hands of the said commissioners of ex icife for the time being.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all the moneys that shall arise by the said duty of five Thejper founds per centum, granted by this act, (other than and except cent. duty such, excels or surplus as aforesaid)) all the arrears of the {^cfus)^be laid duty hereby repealed, shall be applied and paid by the said paid into the icoiiedlor inwards into the receipt of the exchequer, upon the exchequer; several distinct heads of Subsidy or Customs, as the duty hereby 1 repealed has been paid in there, pursuant to the said act of the Jaft session of parliament; and the said duty of seven pounds and and alfothe tert Shillings per centum, hereby granted, together with such, ex ^*ni°^u^er tess or surplus as aforesaid, shall (all dofts, charges, and expenses cen ' u bf railing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and payitlg the same being first dedudled) be, by the said commissioners of ekeife for the time being, distributed in due proportion td the respective heads of excite to which the inland duties bn teas, repealed by the said act of the last session of parliament were applicable, and shall be by them paid into the receipt bf the exchequer, at the rate of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy nine pounds, five Shillings, arid ten pence halfpenny per quarter; and such moneys, so paid Application into the receipt of the, exchequer, by the said colledlor inwards, of the duties, and commissioners of excise, respectively, shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the said duty on tea, repealed by the said. act of the last session of parliament, were applicable unto; and in case, in any one quarter, the moneys arising by the duties granted by the said act of the last session of parliament,

(other than the duty on tea hereby repealed,) together with the said duty of five pounds per centum by this act granted, over and above all costs, charges, and expenses of railing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, shall be lefethan the sum of eighty seven thousand one hundred and thirty-six pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight pence farthing,

Y 2 the

C gle

324 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III 6.74. [17^5.

the said receiver-general shall return a certificate thereof into the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer aforesaid; and in case, in any one quarter, the moneys arising by the duty of seven pounds and ten Shillings per centum by this at granted, together with such exbefs or surplus as aforesaid, over and above all costs, charges, and expenses of rafsing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, shall be leis than the sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy nine pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence haffpehny, the said commissioners of ( excise shall return a certificate thereof into the said office of the In case of a auditor of the receipt of the exchequer aforesaid;; such dedeficiency of ficiencies respectively shall, from time to time, be made good

fam^t^be y or out rnoney as ke or rettia*in in the receipt of

made good exchequer of or for the furpiuftes, ex cedes, or overplus

out bf the money, or other revenues composing the fund commonly called sinking fund. The Sinking Fund, at the quarter day next after the said certify cates respectively shall have been returned into the office of ttye auditor of the said receipt; and whatever moneys shall be i(turd out of the said fund to make good such deficiencies respectively, shall be replaced by or out of the first supplies to be thereafter granted by parliament.

Receipts of V Provided always, and be it enacted, That the receipts of commission tj, e commissioners of excise, or the major part bf them, shall a7u%piente a diffident discharge to the receiver-general of the customs difehavge to for such moneys as he shall pay to them in pursuance of this receiver ge ad, and such receipts shall several ly be allowed by the proper neralofcuf officer or officers in passing' the accounts of such receiver ge tom8‘ neral, ' *

Surplus of VI And be it further enacted by tl\e authority aforesaid, to be a ^ fiwd That if the moneys hereby directed to be paid to the commis Turners of excise shall, in any one quarter, produce, over rind above all costs, charges, and expenses of rafsing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, m6re than Efficient to satisfy the said sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy nine pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, the surplus which remains, after satisfying that sum, shall be paid by the said commissioners of excise into the said receipt of the exchequer, and be applied towards making good the like sums charged upon the said subsidy and duty on houses, windows and lights, in the next succeeding quarter,

VII rfnd whereas, by the before recited act of the last feffen of parliament, the several duties and other itnpofitions of exeije upon coconuts or coffee are repealed, and sundry duties are granted and charged on coconuts and coffee imported in lieu thereof; be it en moneys to acted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys that shall are anche paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, coa nuts and for and on account of the said duties, shall be, and are hereby cv>ffee, howto appropriated, and shall be applied in manner following; vide be applied, //^ ons moiety Qr half part thereof shall be carried to, and

made

i 785.]' Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 74.i 325

made a pait of the fund, commonly called The Aggregate. Fund; and the other moiety shall be carried to, and made a part of the fund, commonly called The General Fund; in lieu of the Former inland duty on coffee so repealed; and shall be iffiied, paid, and applied to and for the same uses and purposes as the said respective funds are subject, liable, and appropriated unto. (

VIII And whereas, by a clause in a certain aft) tnade in the Recital of a twenty first year of his present Majefys reign, entitled, An al for clause in 21 repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Bri eo 3* C tain and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of, the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties itn posed on malt; and for redlifying a mistake in an at 'made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act; it was enacted

That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weighty not being in the original chejl in which the same tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same state in which it Was so imported, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership%

Should be removed or carried from any city, town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any other place out of the, limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, parijh9 or place, from which the same Should be so removed or carried, under and subject to the forfeitures in the said act mentioned; and by another clause in a certain other act, made in the twenty second year of his Majejlfs reign, entitled, An act for repealing the duties payable for a Geo. 3. beer and ale above six Shillings the barrel, exciulive of the duties cof excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel, exclu (ive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and also additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches and on other carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and Other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male servants; the removing or carrying tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weighty in manner in the same aft mentioned, was prohibited, under the forfeitures in the same aft mentioned; and the last mentioned clause is amended and enforced by another clause in a certain other act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of hu Majesty s reign, entitled, An act for the more effectual pre ^ C

venting the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for put 70. tipg a (lop to the private distillation of British made spirituous

y 3 liquors }

3*6 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii Till C £4. £1785^

liquors; for explaining such part of the act impqfing a duty ' upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectify a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with reipeft to the femoval of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious actions against officers of excise acting in pursuance' of the authority given by excise statutes; IV here by it is matted. That if any tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight at any one time, diretted to one and the same.

-, person, or persons (where there are two or more in joint trade

cr partnerfo p), and not being in the original chejl, in which the < same was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants

of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same ft ate in which it was imported, Should be found removed

or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, from any city, i own+parish; or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any other place out if the limits aforesaidj not within the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same Should be Jo removed or carried, all such ted, together with the cani jlers, bags, and other package, containing the same, and the vessels and boats, and the korfes, and other cattle and carriages employed in removing and carrying the same, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be seized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas the'' rejlrqining the removing tea from one city, town, parish, or place to another, without the limits of the chief office of excise in London, to( fd small a quantity at one time as twenty pounds weight, has been From Aug. i, found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and af 17*85, the re ter the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and replied CS eig^ty'five? the said several clauses shall be, and the same arej hereby repealed.? 1 ' ' 1;

aljthepowers IX And be it further declared and enacted, That all the pow andprovisions ers, authorities, methods, rues, directions, regulations, penalties,

10 and 1 forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and other acts in by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his late ma force at the ' jesty King George the First, entitled, An act for repealing certain pasting the tea duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, coconuts, chocolate, session for cocoa Pffie imported; and for granting certain inland duties in licit

railing', re thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, covering, C and cocoa ptijlb; and for better, dfeertaining the duties payable upon the duty coffee, tea, and coconuts imported; and for granting relief to Ro

ectto be^111* hext ite earl of Carnwath; or in any other act or acts of

deemed to parliament; relating to*the duties upon tea, in force at the have been in time of passing of the said act made in the last session'of parlia force for fc rnent, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for ma n2smg, a lie fling, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, ad by the'said judging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, ' or securing the tea aft, and duty thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and pu shall) be ap rifling frauds relating thereto, fhaltbe deemed and taken to jn exe "have been in full force, to all intents and purposes, from the' ci^nng t is tjme 0£ the pa(fulg of i jie said act, of the last session of parliament

.* » - j for

^

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 74.' 337

for the managing, aflfefling, railing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaihing, enforcing, or securing ^ said duty hereby repealed, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto; and the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the managing, affefling, railing, levy, * ing, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several duties by this act granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes (sofar as the same are not altered by this act), as if the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re enacted in the said act, passed in the last session of parliament, or in this act.

X Provided always. That nothing in this act contained isfot tosubject shall extend to subject any person or persons to any penalty or to forfeitures forfeiture for any ad done or committed by him or them before before the the passing of this act, to which such person or persons would p^ffinshcre not have been liable if this act had not been made, anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI And whereat, by several acts of parliament, the several duties Reciting re bf excise9 or inland duties, or certain proportions of such duties, pay gulations and able for or upon the several commodities after mentioned; that is to ^bferved°&c. say, Candles, leather, fope, hopspaper, pajleboard, millboard, and by officers of scaleboard, paper printed, painted or flamed, to serve for hangings customs, tin and other ufesfjlarch, gold or silver wire, and bricks and tiles, are der former allowed to be drawn back on exportation of the said several commo aits*

dities to foreign parts by way of merchandise: and whereas, by the said several acts of parliament, certain regulations are provided for preventing frauds in the exportation or relanding any of the said commodities., and certain powers and authorities are by the said several arts given to the cuhomers, collect! or s, or other officers of his Majesty's, cufioms, at the refpediive ports or places of exportation of the said several commodities refpelively, to admimfier certain oaths, and to take securities for the due exportation of the said several and refpediive commodities, and to grant to the exporters thereof certificates or debentures for the allowance of the duties on the said commodities so exported respectively: and whereas the requiring those regulations, powers, and authorities, to be observed and executed by the cufiomersy collect! or s, or other officers of his Majesty's cufioms, has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the tenth day of August, one thousand fe Such parts of yen hundred and eighty-five, such parts of such several acts of^fea&s reparliament as require the said regulations, powers, and autho ea e * rities, to be observed and executed by the customers, collectors, or other officers of his majesty's customs, ih^ll be repealed, and

If' ' ' ‘

328

tromaiig.to, 1785, any such commodities, for which the duties are paid, may be cxportecj.

Notice to be given before packing up the same.

Penalty on opening packages, C

If such goods shall not be packed agree able to former notice, a freth notice to be given.

Anno yieefitiio quintovgeoraii III G. 74. [1783.

ball be ro longer observed or pra<3ifed; and that, instead thereof it shall be lawful for such officer or officers of excise, as the? ponfimiffipners of excise shall appoint for that purpose, and they are hereby required to execute all and evety the said regulations, powers, and authorities, as fully and effectually as the customers, collectors, or other officers of the customs, might have done before the paffirig this aeff.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said tenth day of Mgust, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, who shall have paid all his majesty's duties by any act: or acts of parliament payable for any of the respective commodities aforesaid, or for any person or persons who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any of the said commodities, from the perfpn or persons who actually paid his itylajesty's duties thereupon, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such respective commodities, for which all the duties, shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to thedire&ions here in after mentioned; that is to say. The person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities, shall give twelve hours notice, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such commodities, and of the time and place when and where the same afe intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland; and such officer or officers shall attend to see such commodities packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and fealeci with such seal or mark, and in such manner, as thp said respective commissioners shall direct'; and if any person shall open such package, or wilfully destroy or deface such seal or mark, (save and except the officer of excise at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned), every perfpn f offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and the officer or officers who saw the said commodities packed up, shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the said commodities so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such commissioners to receive the same, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing.

XIII Provided always, That if the person or persons, so intending to pack up such commodities, shall not begin and proceed to pack up the same at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour after such time, then such notice shall be void, and such person or persons, so intending to pack up such commodities, shall be obliged to give a frefit notice to such officer or officers of the time and place when and where such commodities are intended to be packed up in order to be exported ^

j7s5*] Anno vicesimo qukito Georgii III C 74. 329

ported; and the person or persons, so intending to export such commodities, shall also give six hours notice of the time and place of shipping such commodities, unto the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend andtee the same put on (hipboard; and the exporter of the said Exporter to commodities shall also, before the shipping the same, give fuf give security ficient security, to be approved of by the respective commifli fr the hip oners of excise, or the person by them appointed for that pur thereof, pose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back that the particular commodities, so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unffiipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put on board. any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; which security the officer of excify of the port where the said commodities shall be.exported, is hereby directed to take in his majesty's name and to his majesty's use; and the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath, (or affirmation, if a <%ttafor), that he believes the duties upon such commodities had been fully paid, and that such commodities are the same that are described in the account sent as aforesaid, by the officer in whose presence the V same were paeked, to the officer attending the shipping, (which oath or affirmation the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer appointed by the commissioners for that purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said surveyor or and shall re supervisor, or other officer aforesaid, and the officer who attend ceive acerti ed the shipping the said commodities, being satisfied of the truth ^^^rointhc thereof, shall, within one month after the exportation of the said commodities, give to the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, a certificateor debenture, expressing the quantities and kinds of such commodities so shipped, and that all the duties have been paid for the same, and that security hath been given, before the shipping the same, for the due exporting the same; and such certificate or debenture, being produced to the collector of the port where the same commodities were exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid for such commodities so exported, or of such part and so much of the said duties for such relpedive commodities so exported, as may now be drawn back or allowed on the exportation of any of the said Commodities respectively by any law or laws now in force; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands tp pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise irf England or Scotland are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of such duties as drawbacks or allowances, granted upon the exportation of the same commodities, are now payable ay law respectively.

XIV Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the officer Officer at attending the shipping such commodities, if he thinks it northeast tending the cefiary, to open or examine such commodities at the port of exportation, in order that he may satisfied that (qcli goods may examine

33°

Goods landed, etc. after giving security for obtaining the drawback, to be forfeited.

Recital of 16 Anns, C 19;

and 12 Anns, C

fromaug.to, 17 ssi certain parts of the recited acts repealed.

Anno ticefimo quinto georgii III c.74. [1785*

are the same that are described in the account sent to him by the officer in whose presence the goods were packed.

XV Provided always, That if, after the flapping any such commodities, and the giving or tendering such security as afore,, ip order to obtain a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid or charged thereupon, the same commodities, of any part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain, hip wreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted, that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said commodities which shall be so unshipped; unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great bri tain, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise.

XVI And whereas by another act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen' Anne, for laying several duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, painted, or stained;; also by another act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, and stuffs, the duties of excise, or inland duties, payable on silks, calicoes linens, or stuffs printed painted Jlained^ or dyed in Great N Britain, are allowed to be drawn back on the exportation of such goods to foreign parts by way of merebandise, and several regulations are provided by the said acts for preventing frauds in the exportation or relanding of such goods; and certain powers and authorities are thereby given to the cujlomers or colie ft or or other officers of his Majejlfs cufoms, at the respective ports or places of exportation of the said goods, to administer certain oaths, and to take securities for the due exportation of the said goods, and to grant to the exported certificates or debentures for the allowance of the duties on goods fa exported: and whereas the requiring those regulations powers and authorities, to be observed and executed by the cujlomers, collectors, or osier officers of his Majejlf's cujlomsy has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of Augujl\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, those parts of the aforesaid two acts of Queen Anne w hich require the said regulations, powers, and authorities, to be observed and executed by the customers, collectors, or other officers of his majesty's customs, shall be repealed, and shall be no longer observed ot pradiifed; and that, instead thereof, it shall be lawful for such officer or officers of excises the commissioners of excise shall appoint for that purpose, and they are hereby required to execute all and every the said regulations, powers, and authorities, a fully and effectually as the customers, collectors, or other officers of the customs, might have done before the parting this act.

XVII And

i7$5J Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 74. 331

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said tenth day of August one thou fromaug.ro, sand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any i785, anyfqch person or persons who shall have paid all his majesty's duties ^idi^he^ for any such silks, calicoes, linens, or stuffs, printed, painted, ties havebe^n stained, or dyed in Great Britain, or for any person or persons paid, may be who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such goods from exported, the'person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, at any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, to export any such goods, for which all the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of .merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions, herein after mentioned; that is to say, the person or persons intending to export any such goods Notice to be shall give twelve hours notice within the limits of the chief Slvei? before office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other same places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up such goods in order to be exported, and of the time and place when and where the same are intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland and such officer or officers shall attend to see such goods packed up, and (halt take care to measure the said goods, and to see that the seals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties thereupon, are taken off from every piece of such goods before the same are packed up; and every such piece shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such seal or mark, and in such manner, as the said respective commissioners shall direct; hnd if any person shall open such package, or wilfully destroy Penalty on pr deface such seal or mark, (save and except the officer of excise at the port of exportation, as hereinafter mentioned), every ® * person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and the officer or officers who law the said commodities packed up shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of such goods so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer, who shall be Appointed by such commissioners to receive the same, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing.

* XVIII Provided always, That if the person or persons soon failure of intending to export such goods, shall not begin and proceed to beginning to pack up the same at the time mentioned in such notice, or ^bfetogformer within one hour after such time, then such notice shall be void; notice, afresh and such perfortor persons, so intending to pack up such goods, notice to be shall be obliged to give a fresh notice to such officer or officers, given, of the time and place when and where such goods are intended to be packed up in order to be exported.

‘ XIX And whereas, by an act passed in the present session of parliament entitled An act for repealing the duties on linens to C a be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and on cotton stuffs, muslins,

1 ‘ ' fujlians.

233 anao vicesimo quinto Gforgii ill; C 74. 17$$.

ftiftians, velvets and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton stuffs, muslins, fustians, velvets, and velve rets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts, every piece of linen or fluffs? or stuffs made of C ottcn, to. be printed, painted, stained, ri Great Britain, after the first day of August,

one thou fund even hundred and eighty-five, is required to have a seal or ft amp denoting the payment of the duties thereupon, and also a frame mark denoting the measure thereof at both ends of every such piece; and all the regulations of the said act are enacted to extend to all fllks? calicoes, linens, and stuffs to be printed, painted, flawed? or dyed? in Great Britain, after the said first day of August, one thousand f even hundred and eighty-five; be it enacted by the au dtireftionsre thorny aforesaid, That whenever any person shall be desirous latrve to fi ks, Of packing up, in order to be exported, any piece or pieces of ^nte^d'or^' s, calicoes, linens, or stuffs, printed, painted, stained, dyed before 9r dyed, before the said first day of August? one thousand fevea Aug. 1, 1785, hundred and eighty-five, and not having such seals or stamps and designed denoting the payment of the duties, and such frame marks de tfoncxp°rta" not^ng the measure thereof, at both ends of such piece or pieces, such person, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath (or, be ing a Quaker, affirmation) before the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer of excise appointed by the commissioners of excise for that purpose (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that all and every such piece and pieces were printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain before the said first day of August, one thousand feveri hundred and eighty-five; and such officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, any piece of silk, linen, or stuffs, which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain? after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, not having the seals or stamps denoting the payment of the duties, and also the frame marks denoting the measure thereof, distinct and plain, at both ends of every such piece; which frame marks shall be cut off from both ends, at the same time as the seals or stamps denoting the payment of the duties ate cut off from the same; and the per lon or persons intending to export such goods shall also give six hours notice of the time and place of shipping such goods, unto the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped. Exporter to w ho shall attend and see, the same put on (hipboard; and the tba" the2™^ exporter f the said goods shall also, before the shipping the goods shall same giv€ sufficient security, to be approved of by the commis not be reland fioners of excise, or the person by them appointed for that pur ed in Great pose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, Britain, etc. that the particular goods so intended to be exported, and every part; thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not he qnshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain, (hipwreck, or'other unavoidable accident, excepted; which security the officer of excise of the ppj j where the said goods (frail be exported, hereby directed

t

1785 ] Anno vlceflmoquihto gsorgii I'll. c.74. 333

to take in his majesty's name, and to his majesty's life: and

the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath, (of

affirmation, if a Quaker), that he believes the duties upon such

goods had been.paid, and that filch goods are the same that are

described in the account sent as aforesaid by the officer in whoso

presence the same were paeked, to the officer attending the

shipping, (which oath or affirmation the surveyor or supervisor,

or other officer appointed by the commissioners for that purpose,

is hereby authorised'and required to administer); and the said Surveyor, etc,

surveyor or supervisor., or other officer aforesaid, and the officer within a

who attended the shipping the said goods, being satisfied of the

truth thereof, shall, within one month after the exportation.of tqgive a cer

the said goods, give to the said exporter, or his clerk of mana tificate to the

gera certificate or debenture, expressing the quantities and exporter, -

kinds of such goods, and that all the duties have been paid for Stifle him to

the same, and that security has been given before the shipping a drawback.

the same for the due exporting the lame; and such certificate

or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where. -

the same goods were exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow 1

to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a draw;;

or allowance of the duties before paid for such goods so,

exported; and if such collector shall not have money in his

hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise

in England, ox Scotland are required to pay the said drawback,

or debenture out of the duties upcn silks, calicoes, linens, or

stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain.

XX Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the officer Officer at < * the shipping such goods, if he shall think it necessary, tending the ; to open and examine such goods at the port of exportation, in shipping order that he may be satisfied that such goods are the same that famine the are described in the account sent to him by the officer in whose same, presence the goods were packed.

XXI Provided always. That if, after the shipping any such Goods, after goods, or giving or tendering such security as aforesaid, in order (h'pped for to obtain an allowance or drawback of the duties Aforeupon, ^^t^lon# the same goods, or any part thereof, shall be unihipped, uri shall be for ladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel leited. within Great Britain, (hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; then, and in every such case, over and above, the

penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said goods which shall be so unihipped,

Unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within.great Britain, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, y

excepted, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise.

XXII Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Nottoautbo* shall extend to authorise any person pr persons to export any nfo tiie ex‘ goods whatsoever, to any, foreign parts whatsoever, other than another such person or persons might have done by law before the make goods, " ing this act.

XXIII Provided also, That nothing iq this act contained

"' 4haji

334 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii Ilf. C 74. [178^

or in any mail authorise any person or persons to export any goods what ** other manner soever, in any manner whatsoever, other than such person of than might be persons might have done before the making this act, save and the paffing6 €xcept as n this at is expressly provided. *

hereof. XXIV Provided also, That nothing in this acts contained

Not to in title foall extend to entitle any person or persons to any other draw *' exporters to back or allowance, upon the exportation of any goods whatfo anynewdraw ever, than such person or persons would have been entitled tc?

by law upon the exportation of such goods before the making this act.

XXV And whereas, notvuithjlanding the several laws already made for the securing the duties on candles, and for protecting the fair trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and in No Person to digtnt persons.. are encouraged in such practises by the length of make candles, tme allowed by the laws for the payment of the duties on candles % within the for remedy whereof, be it.enacted by the authority aforesaid limits of the That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand unlefs5^^: seven hundred and eighty-five, no person or persons whatsoever* cupy a tene" refidjng within the limits of the head office of excise in London ment of iol. shall be permitted to make any candles, unless such person or per ann. and persons shall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly va

rate^for the ue ten pounc^s or upwards, and for which he, (he, or they same shall accordingly be a defied in his or their own name or names

nor in any an awm also Pay t0 .the parish rates; and that no person or other part of persons whatsoever, residing in any other part of the kingdom the kingdom, where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted td make any candles, unless such person shall be assessed and pay poorf^ to church and poor in the several parishes and places in which they (hajl respectively reside; and that no entry of any melting' house, workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, or place, fo? the making or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keepr ing of wax, spermaceti, tallow, or other materials to be made into candles, already made or hereafter to be made, as required by the statutes in such case made and provided, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons, so making entry, shall „ be qualified asaforesaid; and every person making candles ana not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a perfotj making candles without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making candles without entry are, by the statutes in such case made and provided, ftovfr subject unto.

Recital of XXV I. And whereas, by a clause in an act passed in the eighth yea?

two clauses in of the reign of Shteen Anne, entitled, An act for laying certain 8 Anne, C 9. duties upon candles, and certain rates upon moneys to be given wjth clerks, and apprentices, towards railing her majesty's supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and ten, it was enacted, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should make any cahdles in London, Westminister, or in any parts within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, Should monthly, and

every

(3oo^ic

1785, ] Anno vicesimo quinto gfiorgh III C 74.

every month, and all and every person or persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in any other part of Ureat Britain, Jhouldy once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writings at the next office ofexcise, of all the candles by him or them severally made within such month or six weeks respectively \ which entries were to be made in manner as therein expressed 5 and by one other clauji in the same af it was further enabled, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in London, Westminster, or within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality > Should, within four weeks, and all and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in any other part of Great Britain, Should, within six weeks, after he, Jhe, or they Should make, or ought to have made, such entry as afore said, pay and dear off all the said duties for candles which Should be due from himy hery or them respectively: and that all and every such makers of candlesy who fioould refuse or neglect to make such payment as aforesaid, Should. forfeit and loje, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty; .and whereas the alio whig so long time for the making the entries, and for the payment of the duties, as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and also to the fair trader, as evil minded and indigent persons have been encouraged thereby to make candles, and have made entry of the candles by them made, but have neglefled to pay the duty when duey and before the time that the duty could be recovered, have absconded from their refpeblive dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the same; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of Augufi, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the above recited clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of Augufi, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five all and every person .whatsoever, who shall jnake any candles, shall weekly, and every week, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of ex? cife, of all the candles by him, her, or them several ly made yyithih each week $ which said entries shall contain the weight, dumber, and size, of the candles mentioned therein respec tiyely, and what quantity was made at eachcourfe within the said week to which such entry shall relate, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of entry, the sum of twenty pounds; which Entries shall be made upon oath by the makers of such candles, or by their chief workman or servant employed in making the same, according to the best pf their knowledge and belief, unless such maker, workman, or servant, be a known Quaker, and the folemo affirmation of such maker or workman, or servant, to the same efsect, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths and affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such candles as shall be made within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, be made with, and administered by, such officer or

officers

335

\

The said clauses repealed.

All candles made to be enterediweek* ly, oaoafh*,

Particulars to be specified in the entry.

With and by

whom such entries and oaths shall be; made and administered.

336 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 74. [ 1785/

officers as shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise in England or the major part of them for the time being, who shall attend at the general excise office in London for that purpose; and for all candles made in all parts of Great Britain, with and by the respective collectors or supervisors of the district or division within which the respective makers of candles shall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Candlemakers said. That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who ttes withffi a : any candles in Great Britain, shall, within one week

week after after he, (he, or they shall make, or ought to have made, such

entry. entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for candles

which Khali be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such maker of candles, who shall refuse or hegledt to make fpeh payment as aforesaid, ‘(hall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such tnaker of candles, after such default in payment made, Shall fell, deliver, or carry out any candles, until he or (lie hath paid and cleared off his or her duty as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of such candles so delivered or carried but.

, XXIX Add be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid * from and aftel^the said first day of Auguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every chandler, or maker of candles, before he, she, or they shall begin to work upon of make any course or making of candles whatsoever, shall give, to the officer of the division or place where such candles were intended to be tirade, notice in writing of the particular time and hour whendre of (he shall intend to begin to spread cottons, wicks or rushes, for any such course: or making of candles, and also the hour and time, when he or she shall intend to begin to run in or dip any such cottons, wicks or rushes, which nonce shall be given as herein after is mentioned; that! is to say, if such making is intended to be in any place within the limits of the head office of excise in London, then such notice (bail be given by the space of LIX hours next before the beginning of every such making; and if such making is intended to be iri any city or market town, out of the said limits, then such notice shall be given by the space of twelve hours next, be fore the beginning of every such making; and if such making is intended to be in any other place out of the said limits, then such notice shall be given by the space of twenty-four hours next before the beginning of every such making, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every time when any maker of candles (lull begin to spread cottons, wicks, or rushes, or to run in or dip any such cottons, wicks, or rushes, without first, giving such notice as aforesaid.

XXX And he it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That if such intended spreading of cottons, wicks, or rushes,

and

Chandlers, beforfe they begin any making of candles, to give notice to the officer when they shall'begin to fpwad cot tofli, etc.,

on penalty of joi.

Jn hat cases notice shall be void

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto gborgii III c*74« and also such intended running in or dipping such cottons, wicks, or rushes, shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the respective hours and times mentioned in such notice, or within three hours next after such respective hours and times, then every such notice shall be null and void,

* XXXI And, in order to deter persons from ajjift ingin the private and fraudulent making of candles in unentered places, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the Penalty on said fifil day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, when any officer or officers of excise shall discover that candlea pri 5 the making of candles is carried on in any private workhouse, vately: room, or place, whereof no notice ha been given at the next office of excise, and shall at the same time discover in the workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, where such private making of candles shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or any ways concerned in carrying on such private making of candles, every such person or persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds, over and ^ above all penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker m0nths im ' of such candles shall be liable to; and it shall be lawful for the prisonment; officer and officers of excise, and all other persons acting in his or their aid, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the person and persons so discovered in such workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, and to convey the said person or persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons'

be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid, and the person or persons so convicted (half, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of twenty pounds into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner hereinafter directed 5 and on such offender or offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of twenty pounds, the justice or justices, so convicting as aforesaid, shall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of two months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction; and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, (he, or they shall have paid the said sum of twenty pounds, or until the expiration of the said two r months: and in case the person or persons so convicted shall be second of again discovered in any workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, fence, 40i. or - where the making of candles shall be so privately carried on, fou month assisting, or otherwise concerned in carrying on such private making of candles, he, (he, or they, so again offending shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second of ¥01. XXXV z fence,

All the powers, penalties, etc. contained to i Car. 2s Ck 24 or ady other law relating to excise duties, for collecting and recoveringthe duties thereby granted, iliall be ap i plied in executing thin act.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of actions.

General issue.

Anno vicesimo quinto g£orgii Iff. C 74. (1785*

fence, the surin of forty pounds, and shall be committed to the hotife of'corredlion in manner aforesaid, there to retfrain for and duririg the term of four months, or until the said sum of forty pounds (h^ll be paid.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, ditedtiofts, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon Ms Majesty'in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force re lating to his majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commiltioners of excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing of frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effedlually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures,, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or bv action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, *, that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and facceffors, and' the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, anti shall be laid in the proper county \ and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or

defendants

: >ogie

1785*0 Anno vicesimo quinto gfiorgii III C 75, /£ defendants (hail have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them Treble coftf. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

G A P. LXXV

An act to extend the provisions of an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty a (lamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings, to the registry of burials, births, and cbriftenings of protejlant dissenters from the church England.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble, reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for grant 13 Geo. 3. C ing to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, mar 67. riages, births, and christenings,) a stamp duty of threepence was imposed on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth or christenings in the register of any parish preiinft* or place in Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to extend the provisions of the said act to all his Majesty's protejlant subjects dijfenting from the church of England; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and promo£l. r, after the first day of October one thousand seven hundred and cued'ae^ex '* eighty-five, the provisions of the said act, made in the twenty tended ropra third year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall extend to teftantdif all his majesty's protestant subjects dissenting from the church of tenters. England; and that the registers of births, burials, and ehriften ings of such of them as use infant baptism, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them 3 and the registers of births and burials of such protestant dissenters as do not use infant baptism, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them, shall be subject and liable to the stamp duties by the said recited act imposed upon the registers of births, burials, and christenings; anything: therein, or in any other law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI

An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the lojjes and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and profejfions* during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in tonfequence of their loyalty to his haajestyy and attachment to the British government.

WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for appoint qco CI ingcommifltoners to inquire into the losses and services of all 80. such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government,) certain persons were conjlituted commissioners for inquiring into the respective Losses and services of all f uch per sin and persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and

Z 2 prosessions,

Go

Anno vicesimo quinto gteokgii HI, c.j6, [ifsg'i

profeffms, during the late unhappy iijfentions in America, in confer quence of their loyalty to his Maj'ejly, and aitalbment to Abe British government: and whereas the purposes intended by the said act are not yet completed, and. it is therefore necessary that the said act should r be continuedbe. it therefore enacted by the. king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consens of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia commission rnent assembled, and by the authority of th same. That John Wilmot esquire, colonel Robert Ringjlon, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mackenzie esquire, shall be, and they are hereby conftiruted commissioners for the purposes in the said recited a d mentioned.

commi/tion II And be it further enacted, That any two commissioners ers to be in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the

sworn. same, shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the

time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required

to administer)) the form following $ that is to say,.

Tlfe oatfr, T A. B .do swears That, according to the befl of my skill and know

X ledge) I will faithfully, impartially, atid'truly execute the feverat powers and trujls vejled in me by an act, (; entitled, An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire, into the Losses and iservices of all such persons who have suffered in their rights,

properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy diffentrons. in America in consequence of their loyalty'to his Majesty, and

attachment to the British government,) according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said commissioners, in this act named, shall likewise take the same oath before the said two commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer.. same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

Commission III And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

ers may exa jawfuj t0 anct for tie said commissioners, or any two or more ctftoath* ie f them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to exaynine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer)) persons whom the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said commissioners by this act; and aft such persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the fakl commissioners at such time or place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

Commission IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That anvtotend the commissioners, or any two or more of them, are for persons hereby authorised to meet and sir from time to time, at their or papers, present

3 5*] Anno vicefimb quirvto Georgii III C 76. §43

present place of meeting, or at such other place as they, or any two or more of them, tollfhs0k proper, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept dr precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in the execution of the powers veiled in the said commissioners by this at; and the said com to appoint missioner, or any two or more of them, arehereby authorised clerks, e. to appoint and employ such clerks, metfengers, and officers as ' they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said clerks arid officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour, in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed ia him by the said commissioners, and in all other .things touch;; the premises; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them several ly and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service' ' than such salary or rewards as the said commissioners, or any two. or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it Persons dek shall have appeared to the commissioners appointed by the said veringinfrau recited al, or shall hereafter appear to the commissioners ap dulent claim pointed by this al, that any person hath delivered, or shall fro^any* €' hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real compenf&i loss sustained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more tion.

than a just compensation;; if the said commissioners, or any wo or more of them, shall have been or shall hereafter be of opinion that such account or claim was or is fraudulent, then such person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim, shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon Perronsgiving oath before the said commissioners, or any two or more of them false evidence respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly t

give false evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly cortvidled, shall be and is and are hereby declared p J to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt per? jury are subject and liable to.

VII And whereas by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Limitation of

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for appointing the time for commissioners to inquire int^the Losses and services of all such receiving persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and pro claiq^ sessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in con e *

sequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the

British government), it was wafted That no claim or requefi of any f erf on or persons for aid or relief, on account of the loss of any property during the late dissensions in America, should be received after she twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty?

z3 fou. r

34* Artnb vicesimo quinto georgii HI; C }6. [17^

four: and whereas it may happen that fever#l persons may he deprived of the relief intended by the said as by reason of their having been incapable of preferring their claims during the time allowed by the saidafiy be it therefore enacted, That the said conuniffion ers, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered to receive the claim or claims of any person or persons who (hali, upon oath, prove to the fatisfailion of the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, that such person or persons was or were absent from the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and by unavoidable accident, or particular circumstances, to be judged of by the said cbmmissioners, or any two or more of them, was or were utterly incapable of preferring his, her, or their claim or claims, during the time allowed by the said ail y provided that no such claim or claims shall be received after the first day oi.may* one thousand seven hundred and eighty LIX

VIII And whereas several persons, resident in Nova Scotia, and aether of his Majejlfs colonies in America, have preferred claims to the commissioners appointed by the said recited alt, or may hereafter prefer clams tinder this stand whereas it may be attended with great inconvenience to such perfom to come to Great Britain to fub commission Jlantiate such claims; be it therefore enabled. That colonel Theft appointed Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton esquire shall, and they are colonies to 6 hereby direited and required to repair to Nova Scotia, or any America to other of his majesty's colonies in America, to inquire into such inquire into claims, with the same powers and authorities for inquiring into claims; fpch claims as the commissioners appointed by the said recited and this present ail, for inquiring into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and profeflipns, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment and in case of tp the Tdritijb government, are inverted with; and in case the difference of say commissioners shall differ in opinion with refpeit to any require the claim, then, in such case, it shall be lawful for the said com amftance of missioner to call to their afliftanee the governor of any coloriy the governor, to which they may judge it necessary to repair; and the said case governor agreeing in opinion with either of the said commiffi ofacommif <>ners, shall decide the matter or question in dispute; and in fioner, is to case of the death of either of them the said Thomas Dundas or fuppiyhis Jeremy Pemberton, that then the governor of the colony, where place, such inquiry shall from time to time be carried on, (halj be

added to and joined with the survivor of them the said Thomas Dundas and "Jeremy Pemberton and shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as the person so dying is hereby inverted with.

Cotnmissionr IX And be it enabled, That the said commissioners, or any er may ap jwo of them, are hereby empowered, if they shall think proper, to travehn118 t0 appomt> under their hands and seals, a proper person or per america to fons to repair to any part of the United States of America, to inquire into inquire into such sails and circumstances as they may think fails. o tnaterial

1785*] Annos ylcefiicio quinto qeokgii IIJ. £, 76. 34|

material for the better ascertaining the several claims which have been, or shall be presented under the authority of this or apy former act.

X And whereas an act was passed in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, act to prohibit all trade and Intercourse

with the colonies of New Hampflire, Majfachufefs Bay

Rhode Ijland\ Connefluut, New Tork, New Jersey, Repfilvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,

North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefept rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to dlfcontinue thye landing and discharg tng, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town yand within the harbour of Boston, in the province of Maflar chufet's Bay j and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to graqf pardons, to 1 flue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes thereip mentioned $ whereby it was enacted. That all trade gnd commerce Should be prohibited with the colonies therein mentioned and that alljhips and vessels of or belonging to the inhabitants of the said coionics, together with their cargoes, apparel and furniture, and all other Ships and vessels whatsoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which Should be found tracting, in any port or place of the said coionics, or going to trade, or coming from trading in any such port or place, Should become forfeited to his Majestyy as if the Jame were the Ships and effects of open enemies, and Should be so adjudged and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other court $ whatsoever: and whereas vejjeh, effetls, goods, or merchandise, belonging to inhabitants of the said coionics, who were loyal subjects to his Majesty, may have become forfeited, qnd may hqve been adjudged and condemn as lawful prize under thejaid be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and Goramiflionr for the corpmissioners appointed by this act, to inquire into ?rs toenquirt loftes sustained in consequence of the said act, by any such in jsftainedin habitants, who shall give sufficient proof, to the satisfaction of consequence the said commissioners, of their loyalty to his Majesty, and at of an act 16 tachment to the British government. ' Geo. 3* C 5.

Xf And he it further enacted, That the said commissioners commission shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they ers to give an shall be thereqnto required, and as soon as possible after the de account of termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue?

of this act, without any further requifitiori, give an account of treasury and their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commissioners of his fecretariesqf majesty's treasury, and to hi majesty's principal secretaries of te state for the time being.

XII And be it further enacted, That the lords commifil Treasury tq oners of the treasury, or lord high treaiurer for the time being, Wfue *, oool. are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be to sonera" paid all such fqms of money, not exceeding tw9 thousand ^ * * *

344 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 76. [1785*

"pound per annum, to such person or persons as thp said cpm r miffiohers, or any two or more of them; shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public fbr paying moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so clerks, C issued and paid, shall be employed for the payment of clerks, xneffengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to bp taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or - on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appoint; and which money so issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of pan -- liament.

Commifiion XIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the said commissioners being on half pay, as an officer of the navy on'taking the f army, shall be irititled to receive fqch half pay, not with foi lowing Handing any compensation that may be made to him for executing the powers of this act, on his taking the following oath before foraejustice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to adminjfter the lame;

oath, T A. B. do wear, That I had not, between ' any

JL plate or employment of profit, civil or military, under his majesty9 besides such compensation as Shall have been or may he made to me as a commissioner for inquiring into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and' professionsy during the late unhappy dijfeniions in America, in consequence oj theip loyalty to his majesty, and attachment to the british government.

In case of the death, See. of a commilji oner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another.'

Continuance of the act.

And the taking the said oath shall be Efficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwitly rtanding.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, of any pne or more of the said commissioners, during the recess of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person, so nominated and appointed, shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the commissioners appointed by this act.

XV And be it further enacted. That this act shall continue in force for one year, from the fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

CAP,

1785.3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 77.

CAP. LXXVII ^

An act to amend so much of an act, faffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls y and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and other the places therein mentioned, as relates to manufactories of turpentine; for extending the provisions of the said act, so amended, to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, throughout that part aof Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the proprietor of a turpentine manufactory in potter's Fields, in the borough of Southwark, against the penalties he may be liable to under the said act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said manufactory from the provisions herein contained.

145

i

Wr HEREAS by a clause in an act, passed in the fourteenth year Preamble.

of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, entitled. An act for the further and better regulation of build Recital of ins and party walls $ and for the more effectually preventing j4 Geo. 3. mischiefs by fire within the cities of London arid pfejlminfler, and the liberties thereof, and other the paristies, precinets, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint mary le bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Cbelsea, in the county of Middlesex: and for indemnifying, .under cerfain conditions, builders and other persons against the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecung build '

mgs within the limits aforesaid contrary to law; it is ehafted.

That turpentine jhajl not be distilled or boiled, nor oil of turpentine N

and rosin drawn by dijlilling turpentine, nor oil and turpentine be boiled together, in a larger quantity than ten galions, within the limits aforesaid, in any workhouse or place contiguous to any other building, or in any place nearer to any other building than the dijlance of fifty feet at the leaf, under the penalties therein mentioned: and whereas the said dijlance of fifty feet is too small for the effectually preventing of accidents by fire from such manufactories, and it is proper that the same Should be enlarged, and that the provision of the said clause so altered should be extended to manufactories of pitch and tar, and turpentine, throughout the kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That the provision in the said recited act, respecung the making From Aug. 1, pf turpentine, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and *785; uo that, from and after the first: day of Augufi, one thousand seven j^alfbe boiled hundred and eighty-five, it shall not be lawful for any person within 75 feet or persons, within that part of Great Britain called England, to of any other distill or boil any turpentine or tar, or to draw any oil of tur building pentine and rosin by distilling turpentine, or to draw any oil pf, tar or pitch by distilling pr boiling tar, or to boil any oil and

turpeiv

34$ Aonp vi^efima quinto Georgii ijfc £, 77. [ 17s&

turpentine together, or to boil ny oil and tar together, above jthe quantity of ten gaffops/at one time, of $11 or any of the said Commodities, in any wotkhouse or place contiguous to any other butting, or in any place nearer, to any other building than the diffance of fevqnty five feet at the Ipast, (except ill houses or buildings now in use for carrying on such manufactories, and now legally entitled tp be used for thojfe purposes), on penalty of upon pain that every person offending therein shall, for every xooh fuel offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds f

whijch forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with treble cost of suit, by action of debt, biff, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminfiery wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, lhaff be allowed, one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the poor of the parish, precinct, or place wherein the offence shall have been committed, and the other mojety thereof to such persons as shall sue for the same

II Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or becpnffrued to extend, to prevent sip wright barge builders, boat builders, or mast makers, or other person§ employed in building or repairing ships, barges, boats or other vessels, from boiling or mixing oil, and other materials, for the purpose of paying ships, barges, boats, or maft$f Proprietor of III And whereas doubts way arise, whether the proprietor of a the manufac certain manufactory of turpentiney pitchy and taryfituate in potter's Fields, in the parish of Saint John Horsey Down, in the borough of Southwark, which manufactory was expressly excepted from thf provifms of an ab passed in the seventh year of the reign of Shown Anne, intituledy An act for making more effectual an act, made in the sixth year of her majesty's reign, for the better preventing of mischiefs that may happen byprey but which exception was repealed by the said recited act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre 7annajj c.17. sent Majesty, may not have incurred the penalties by. the said lap' mentioned a By inficied on persons carrying on the manufactory of turpentine in houses situate within less than fifty feet of any other. building: and whereas the proprietor of the said manufactory not having received any compensation for being deprived, by the said Iqfi mentioned aby of the exception in favour of his premifesy contained in the said ab of the seventh year of the reign of gtueen Anne, and the same having been repealedy without his know wledge and consenty it is reasonable that he Should be indemnified from any penalties he may have incurred, by carrying on his business at his said tnanufaboryy since the passing of the said lafi mentioned ab; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the proprietor of the said manufactory of turpentine shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all penalties and forfeitures by him incurred, under or by virtue of the said recited V act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise jnotwithstanding.

IV And whereas the proprietor of the foi mayyfabory hath

'agreed

Exception in favour of

Ihipwrighte,

C

tory in Pot ter's Fields, exempted from any penalty that might be incurred under 14 Geo. 3. C 78.

17 8 Anno vicesimo quineo Georgii IIL C 7 & 343^

, cmpenfation for discontinuing the whole of his mo

nufattory, as well that of pitch and far as that of turpentine, at the place by him now occupied in potter's, Fields aforesaid be it therefore further enacted* That it shall be lawful tor the proprietor Proprietor of of the said manufe^ory to continue carrying on the same, for and during the space of six calendar months, and no, longer * and that from thenceforth, it (hajl not be lawful for any person carry qjihi* or persons to carry oh any manufacture of pitch, tar, or turpen work for six tine, on the fcite of the said manufa&ory in Potter's Fields, ex cept in houses or buildings conftru<sed and continued in such lon55r* form and manner as is by this a directed and required with respect to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, hereafter to be made or erected.

V And be it further enacted, That no a£uon or prosecution Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, actions for any penalty inflicsed or to be incurred by virtue of this act, unless the same shall be commenced within six calendar months next after such penalty shall have been incurred

VL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, public act. That this act shall be deemed and ^iken to be a public a; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without fpeciauy pleading the same. _

CAR LXXVIII

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen 5 and for regulating their trade

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty'* most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preambles commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional and new rates and duties hereafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and he it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of August From Aug. i, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there be raised, an 1785* the fol fwered, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and dus fqcceflbrs, the additional and new rates and duties following; hawkers that is to say, and pedlars,

etc.

By every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other By every trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other hawker, C men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, hor an additional fes, or otherwise, in England, Wales or the town of Berwick ™r ann. upon Tweed, carrying to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods, F " " " ' 1 * 5 " J 1 wares.

By every hawker, C travelling with a horse, or other beast of Burden, a further duty of sl.perann. for each beast.

Any hawker, etc. selling goods by auction to forfeit 50u for each offence.

9 & 16 Gul. S' e. J.

After Aug. 1, 1785, the whole of the formerduties, and the present additional ones, must be paid on taking oiit the

Anno vicesimo quintd georgii III C 78/ [1783, -

.wares, of merchandizes, an additional duty of four pounds for each year :

By every person so travehihg with * horse, afs, or mule, or other beast bearing or drawing burden, the additional sum of * eight pounds yearly for each beast he Or (he (hail so travel with, over and above the said fist mentioned duty, and over and a shove all other duties now payable by him or her.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this at, or in a certain at made at a session of parliar r ment held in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, (entitled. An attfor licenftng hawkers and pedlars, for a further provision of interest for the t ran ft > port debt for reducing ofireland,) shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or empower any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other then's houses, or travelling either on foot, or with horse or horses, or opening a room or (hop, and exposing to sale any good, wares, or merchandizes by retail, in any town, parish, or place such person not being a householder there, or the same riot being an usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her. carrying on business, to vend or sell, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand fp ven hundred and eighty six, any goods or merchandizes whatsoever, by outery, knocking down of hammer, candle, lot, pareel, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the best or highest bidder is or shall be deemed to be the purchaser'j bat that every person and persons whatsoever, going, from town tp town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot or with horse, horses, or otherwise howsoever, in England, Woles,

* or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, either on his, her? or their own account, or by, for, or upon commission, or otherwise howsoever, who shall, from and after the aid.twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fpven hundred and eighty six, vend qr fell, or expose or offer to sale, any goods, wares or merchaq. dizes, either on his, her, or their own account, or by pommif fion, or otherwise, by outery, knocking down of hammer, cap?, die, lot, pareel, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the best or highest bidder is or shall be deemed to be the purchaser, shall forfeit and pay, Tor every offence, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and other trading person or persons, so travelling as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving his or her licence, as here after mentioned, and without any discount whatsoever, pay all duties granted or made payable by the said ac made in the feign of his said l^te majesty King William the Third; and alfq

' ' ' ' $

Anno v'icefimo quirito gfcorgh III C 78. 349

all duties granted, imposed, or mentioned in and by this .preferft licence, with aft, payable or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the out any dif commissioners for the time being for licensing hawkers, pedlars count and petty chapmen, or same person or persons authorised or deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writing uhdef their hands and seals; and upon payment thereof, and not otherwise, a licence shall be granted to them, subscribed by the *

said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the true.intent and meaning of this ancfthe said act made in the reign of King William the Third, and according to the duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such licence.

TV. And be it further enacted, That if any such hawker, Every dealer pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person, so travel travelling ling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first day of August ^nceufarfeit* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be found trading lt as aforesaid, without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall be allowed by such licence, such person shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned; and that if any person, so trad Every hawker ing under and by virtue of any licence to him or her granted as ce hfs aforesaid, upon demand made by any person or persons autho ficencewhen rifed or appointed to demand any such licence by the commis requited by fioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen for an authorised the time being, or any two of them, under their hands and seals, ?aeon, or and upon producing or (hewing such authority or appointmentt€l 810 ' to such person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon demand made by any justice of the peace, mayor, or constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, riding, division, town corporate, borough, or place, where he or she shall so trade, shall refuse to produce and (hew his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce and (hew unto such person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace; that then the person fa refusing shall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for nonpayment thereof shall suffer as a common vagrant and be committed to the house of correction -

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences by this act directed to be granted, or travel with such forged or counterfeited licence or licences, for any of the purposes aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in case any person shall let out to hire, or lend any licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with or under colour of any licence

Every person travelling with a forged licence forfeits iol.

Every person lending, or letting his licence to hire, after Aug. i, iforfeits Tol. and his licence.

Anno vlce&ttfe <juint®{jeorgii ML [1785j

?eet!trfe granted troto any other person whatsoever, or of any H 7 Sncc n whiomhis or herowri real name shall not be inserted

as the name of the person to whom the same is granted, the p&fcn letting out w hire, or lending any filch licence, and tyre perfdnfo trading with or utlder colour of any licence granted to any other person, or arty licence in which his or her own real ime shall not be inferred as the name of the person to whom Yhe same is granted, shall eadh of them forfeit the sum of ten |>6uridsj to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned: and in case any person shall beoottvi&ed, or have judgement dgainft himfor lending hi or her licence to any other person or jpersons, contrary to this act, such his or her licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and be or (he shall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

Every person VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid trading with that it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons what or refusing to to ^cxzc and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chap

produce one,, ttian* or Other trading personas aforesaid, who shall be found liable to be trading Without a licence, contrary to this actor who being detained till found trading shall refuse or neglect to produced licence dccord * paid * W tog t0 this at, after being required foto do for a reasonable p ' time, in order to give notice to a constable, headborough, ti

thing ffian, or other peace officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry fbch person so feteed, unless they shall in the mean time'produce their respective licences, before same of his majestyvjustices of the peace of the county dr place where such offence or offences shall be committed 5 which said justice of the peace is hereby authorjfed and strictly required, either upon confession of the party offending, or due proof by witness upon oath, (which he is hereby empowered to administer), that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid $ in case no such lieertce shall be produced by such offender before the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause fhefaid Turn of ten pounds to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods, wares, Or merchandises of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures, 'aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Every eonfta That if any constable, headborough, or tithingman, or other iinff °®cer or officers of the peace, shall refuse and ncgleds, upon

in the exeeu due notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assist tion of this, ing in, the execution of this or the said recited act, being thereat, to forfeit unto required, each and every such officer or officers, being 6ffl: ncereacil thereofconvidted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit, for

each

I y8 g.] ^aiino vfclstimo qdnto Oeorc H tll C 78. $3$

efacfi and every such offence contrary to this a<ff, the sum of teti pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid Every hawkef

'jthat no hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading to

person or persons, going from town to town, or soother men's g^od^^ware^ houses, or travelling either on foot, or with horse or horses or etc. in any opening a room or shop, and exposing to fate any goods, warefs, city or mars merchandizes by retail, in any town, parilb, or place; such **

not being a householder there, or the same not being ah miles thereof tifual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on forfeits rol. * business, shall vend, fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares,

or merchandizes whatsoever, in any city or market town in England, Wales y or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the distance of two miles from the middle of the most central market place, by the usual or most common road, of any such city or market town; and in case any such person or persons shall vend, fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, in any city or market town in England

Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as before excepted), every such person shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as foerein after is mentioned.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That nothing except it be herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to on a fair or hinder any person or persons from selling, or exposing to sale, mar ctday* any sorts of goods or merchandizes in any public mart, market,

or fair, but that such person may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this at; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall Ifo hawker to not be lawful for any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other j trading person, travelling as aforesaid, to vend his or her goods county, etc. or wares, in any county, or city being a county of itself, or in case the town being a county of itself, in England or Wales y by virtue of justice8, at the any such licence as aforesaid, in case the justices, assembled at fer the general quarter sessions of the peace, shall have made an or fhouldhave der that hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other trading made an or persons as aforesaid, shall not have liberty to vend theft goods der to the and wares in such county, city, or town, upon pain of forfeit contrar^, f mg, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds; and that no such order shall at any time be made, except at the quarter sessions next after michaelmasy to be held for such county city, or town, and shall not be in force until nine months after notice shall have been given of the same in some public newspaper, published or circulated in such county, city, or town respectively.

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person of hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person,

shall vend any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any such penalties county, city, town, or place, contrary to any of the provisions as hawkers

in this a contained, such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, travelling

or without licence.

Ann vicesimo qurnto Georgri lit. C 7s, [178^.

or other trading person, shall be subject and liable to the like penalties as is by this act inflicted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading persons, travelling without licences kawkers, etc., XIII And be it further enacted, That from and after the who were LI grft jay of August, one thousand feveft hundred and eighty

June4t?i735, lt be fr any pej*^on or persons who, on the

may setup' twenty-third of Jutie^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty any bufuaefs five, was or were duly licensed to trade as hawkers and pedlars, in the place to setup, occupy, use, or exercise any craft, mystery, or occu* resident Patlon dfed or occupied within this realm, in any place where inhabitants, they ihau he resident inhabitants, although they mall not have though not been brought up in such craft, mystery, or occupation, seven brought up years as apprentices, and also to fet any peffon on work, in - maycemploy ^uch €ra^ mystery, or occupation, although such person shall therein pernot have been apprentice therein as aforesaid, any penalty, fons who have matter, or thing, contained in an act, passed in the fifth year of not been ap the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled. An act containing diverse prentices. orders for artificers, labourers, servants of bujbandry, and apprentices,

to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any such persons, or their wives or children, shall be prosecuted for using or exercising any such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any city, town, or place, and shall make it appear that they had such licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the general issue pleacted, be found not guilty, in any action, bill, plaint, information, or indictment, for such cause exhibited against them; and in all cases where costs are allowed, such persons, so acquitted, shall be in titled to and shall receive double costs; and that no such persons, their wives, or children, during the time they shall uses and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or

place, shall be removable therefrom to his, her, or their lad legal place of settlement, until such person or persons shall become actually chargeable to such parish or place; any law now in being, relative to the settlement of the poor, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

No wholesale XIV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no trader in person, being a wholesale trader in English bone lace, in wool ®ri‘ifh. Sood? Ien, linen, silk, cotton, or mixed goods, or any of the goods, a°hawker Ttc. wares or manufactures of Great Britain, and selling the same * by wholesale, dull be deemed or taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other aci relative to hawkers, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such person or persons, his, her, or their children, apprentices, servants, or agents, selling by wholesale only, shall go from koufe to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being subject or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in this or in any of the said as touching hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen; anything in this or in any of the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

This act not XV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no to extend to thing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

prohibit

Go

1785*} Anno vicesimo quiiito g&orgu III C 78. 353

prohibit any person or persons iroiri selling any printed papers certain per been fed by authority, or'any fish, fruits or visuals, nor t0 Scribed hinder any person or persons who are the real workers or. makers of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Gfeat Britain, or his, her, or their children, apprentices, agents, or servants to such real workers or makers of such goods, wares, or manufactures only, from carrying abroad, expofirig to sale, and selling by retail or otherwise, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town 5 nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness menders, or other persons usually trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying with hrm or them proper materials formending the same.

XVI And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal How penalties, which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater sum ties above aol. than twenty pounds, shall be recovered, together with oofts of coy*re(tand suit,. in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminjhr, by appropriated. #ction of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efthin, protecfion^ privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed 5 and one moiety of every such penalty

or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII And be it funher enacted, That in all cases where How penal the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the ties under oi. sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before one of his qovered^awd* majesty's justices of the peafce of the county, riding, shire, di appropriated, vision, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by voluntary confession

of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses;; one moiety of every such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and fear of such justice; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and, for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justice to the prison of such county, shire, division, city, liberty, town, or piace, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor left, than one month, as such justice shall think flioft proper. *

XVIII And be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons ag persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judge grieved may ment of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon q^rterfef ^ giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and j|ons4 forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case

such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the vol. XXXV A a peace

£54; annd^i'cefimo quirito giorgii IL C ylf. [1785c

- ..... peace at the next general quarter sessions for the. county, riding, or place, who are hereby, impqwered to futninpa and examine witrieffes upon oath arid finally to hear and determine the same nd in case the judgement of tuch justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such judices to award rhe perfpn or persons tp pay such costs pccafioned by such appeal, as to them shall feero meet. V.

XIX And be it further enabled, by the authority aforesaid. All the povv That all' and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, ers contained methods, penalties, and forfeitures, exemptions, clauses, mate ^ ters> and things whatsoever, which in and by the said acct, made relating to the 1p the reign of King William the Third, or by any other law duties grast now in force relating to or concerning the duties by that at ed by thataft. granted, are provided, settled, or established, other than so far (except, etc.) as the same is, are or shall be inconsistent with, or contradictory or repugnant to, anything in this act contained, and other than in such cases Tor which different provisions are prescribed by this fliaribe appji ff, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in exceed in' execu cut.ion, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, tion of this' recovering, and paying, the several duties hereby granted, and abe enforce with respect to the same, as fully and effectually, to

all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

Penalty on XX And be it further enacted, That if any person or per witnelfeswho Pons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evi shall neglect dence before any justice or justices of the peace touching any of to appear, etc. tj^e matters relative to this act, or to the herein befcre mentioned act, made in the reign of King William the Third, qnd shall neglect or refuse so appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, and giye evidence before such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in such manner, and by such means, as are herein directed as to the other penalties.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid from paid into the time to time into the hands of the caftlier for the time being of the exchequer; duties' on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are di and entered recfled to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the jrparate, from said receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in ail others. which ail the moneys arising from the said several rates and.du

o ties.

* 7

17^5^ Atttib vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 79. 955

ties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be entered ieparate arid apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever #.

the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as iforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annul crco * ties, and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, viftuallingi and transport bills, and ordnance debentures..

XXII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Defendants fons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted ma? pe; the for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of genera 1 u * this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be recovered against him or them upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs arid recover awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. treble coils.

CAP. LXXIX

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending mediciries; and certain lamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS by an at, made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled? An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on been 23 Geo. 3. ees to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending me C dicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under recite(i5 such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent; it was enacted, That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there Should be charged, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefjbrs, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say)) all persons (except such as hadferved a regular apprentice ship to any firgeon, apothecary, druggifi, or ckemi/l> or such as had kept a bop for the space of three years before the pajftng of that act, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines sold by virtue of his Majeflfs Utters patentj, uttering or vending medicines in Great Britain, Should annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner therein prescribed; and where the persons so uttering or vending drugs or medicinesshould reftde within the cities of London antd West min fter, or within the dfiance of the penny pofly on every such licence there Should be charged a Jiamp duty of twenty Jhidings; and where the persons, Jo uttering or vending such

A a 2 drugs

^ ^.oogle

Anno tffcefimoquifito georgitiil €. 79. (>7%*

drugs or medicines, Should re side in any other part of Great Britain there Should be charged om every such licence a Jiawp duty of fifte Jhih lings: upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other iticlofure of any medicine under the price or value of two billings and sixpence, which Should be uttered, vended, or sold, by any p erf on or persons taking.. such licencesi or by any. person or persons under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent, there Should be charged a fl amp duty of three - pence: upon every box, packetbottle, r; />/; /£/, inclo

ofany medicine of the price or value of two billings and sixpence9' and under the price or value of five /killingswhich Should be uttered, vended, sold, by any person or persons taking out such licences, r iy any person or persons under the authority of his Mujejlys letters patent, there Should be charged a jlamp duty of sixpence7 every

box, packet, bottle, phial, indojure of any medicine of the

price or value of five/hillings and upwards, which Should be uttered, vended, or sold, by any persons taking out such licences, persons

under the authority of his Majesty s letters patent, there tfioould be charged a f amp duty of one finding: now, we, your majesty's most'dutiful and loyal subjeefts, the commons of g/vj/ Britain, in parliament assembled, finding that it will be convenient and for the public service to repeal the said lamp duties, so made payable by the said recited act, and to grant unto your majesty the several new stamp duties herein after mentioned,; for securing a certain fund, for the payment of such annuities as by the said recited act were

charged upon the said lamp duties; therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ena6ted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of and repealed, the same, That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the rates and duties granted by an at, made and passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty a f amp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain lamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent; shall cease determine, andte no longer paid or payable.

From Sept? t II And be it further ena61ed by the authority aforesaid. That, ties^howine fr0n^ anc after fd first day of September, one thousand fe are to be paid, ven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be railed, levied, col viz. ie61ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto

and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say),

For every That, for and upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or packet, etc. other enclosure containing any drugs, oils, waters, essences.. tjn<^ures? powders, or other preparation or ^ompolition whatfo 18. in value, -- ever, used or applied * or to be used or applied, externally or id. aq.: internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention,

cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint incident to, or in any wise affe6ling^ the human body, which shall be uttered or

vended

vfis.] Anrlo vicesimo quinto georgii HI. c.79v 357

vended in Great Britain, there, shall be charged a stamp duty According to the rates following; (that is'to say,) where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure aforesaid, shall not exceed the price or value of pne shilling, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one penny halfpenny :

And where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, Foreveryfuch phial, or there enclosure aforesaid, shall exceed the price or packet, etc, value of one shilling, and not exceed the price or value of two value Shillings and sixpence, there shall be charged a stamp duty of — 3d. *

threepence:

And where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, Between is. phial, or other enclosure aforesaid, shall be above the price or and 59. in value of two Shillings and sixpence, and under the price 0r vale "rd. value of five [billings, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

And where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, Of 5s. value phial, or other enclosure, shall be of the price or value of five or upwards, Shillings or upwards, there shall be charged a stamp duty of pne shilling..

IIL Provided always, That nothing herein before contained Duties not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the extend to ar rates or duties hereby imposed, any drug or drugs named of contained in either of the books of rates; (that is to say), the books of rates book of rates, fjubfpribed with the name of sir Harbottle Grim referred to jlone baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the act of tonne by 12 Gar. 2. nage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of theireigri of King Charles the Second; or in the other book of rates, inti * °VX* * 71 tuled. An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes usually imported, and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to n the a51 of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, with rules, orders, and regulations, signed by the right honourable Spencer Compton, fpeflker of the honourable house of commons, and mentioned and referred to,

by an act made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George the First; nor to any medicinal'drug or nr un drugs whatsoever, which shall be uttered or yended entire, without ahy mixture hr composition with any other drug or in gularsurgeon, gredient whatsoever, by any surgeon, apothecary, chemist, or etc.; druggist, who hath feyved a rugular apprentice(hip, or by any person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or arniy, under any commission or appointment which shall haye been duly entered at the war office or navy office, or by any other person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this act; hut that all Such drugs shall and may be utters and vended by all such surgeons, apothecaries, chemists, and aruggifts, or other persons licenfecf a aforesaid, freed and discharged from the rates and duties by this act imposed on drugs, in such manner as they respectively, before the passing of this act, and the said herein recited ft, migh. stave dene.

Aj 3 JV. Pro

Aono vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C 79. [1785*

nor to mix' ' Provided alto, That nothing hetein before contained shall tres, etc. extend qr bw construed to extend, to charge with the like rates', / regular fur ^ 0t. duties any mixture, composition, or preparation what soever,

geons, etc. mixed or compounded with, or prepared from medicinal drugs', not claiming medicated or chemical preparations or corapositions, or other or^xchffive^ *ngrec^*etlts bearing different denominations, or having different right to the Properties,, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, which shall be ut preparing the tered or vended by any such furgson, apothecary, chemist, or fapae; druggist, as aforesaid, or by any such person who hath served

as a surgeon in the navy or army, under any such commission or appointment as aforesaid, the different denominations, properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies of which mixtures, competitions, and preparations, are known, admitted, and approved gf, in the prevention, cure, or relief of any disorder, malady, ailment, or complaint incident to, or in any wise affe£i V ing the human body; and wherein the person mixing, compounding,

preparing, or uttering or vending the same, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult, secret, or unknown art for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the same, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive right or title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the same, and which mixtures, compositions, or preparations, have not been, are not, nor hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, nor sold un vended, or expgfed to sale, under the authority of any letter der letters - patent under the great Teal, nor at any time heretofore have pttevvt|or ad been, now are, or hereafter shall be, by any public notice, ad noftru^s^etc vert^eo?ent» or by written or printed papers or hand bills, held t ‘ * - * out or recommended to the public by the makers, proprietors or venders thereof, as nostrums or proprietary medicines, or as' specifics, or otherwise, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any such distemper, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid Perrous vend V Apd be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Thap hon^hable to every person ^ Great Britain, littering or vending any drugs, duties, to oils,. Waters, essences, tin^ures, powders, or other preparations take out an or compositions wh3tsoever, used or applied, or to be used or annual II applied, externally, or internally, as medicines or medicaments cence. for the prevention. Cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint

incident to, or in anywise affecting the human body subject to the duties herein before imposed, shall, annually, take out i Rates of du licence for that purpose; and that, for and upon every licence ties on LI f0 taken out by any such person who shall reside within the

cences.. cities of Londonor Westminster, the borough of Southwark, or

within 'the limits of the penny poll, or within the city of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a stamp duty of twenty shillings; and for and upon every licence, so taken out'by any other such person, there shall be charged a stamp duty of five shillings. r VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That, for the better and more effectual levying and colledsing;

under the all the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under

management the government, care, and management of the commissioners ottnecom ®.. 1., D,.

missioner for or the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on

damps. * / -. '. ........... 1 damped

*7$5} Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C ygk 35.9

damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ Inch officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary V and to provide and ufefuch ftamps1 to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite iti that behalf, and' to db alb other things tfeceflary to be.done for putdhg this act in execution with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, .as they, or the major part of them, are or isauthorifed to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII And be ir further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the paffidg of this act, any two or more Com mi Hi ou of his majesty5s corximifnoners appointed for managing thedu, sties arising by (lamps on vellum., parchment, artd paper, or ceifcesforone some person duly authprifed by them, shall grafit licences to year from fuclt persons who apply for rfib same, ' tp utter or vend, in Sept. 1, 1785. any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, any drugs, or any hhie oils, waters, ‘essences, tindures, powders, or other preparation ^ucu *** or composition whatsoever, ufedf or applied, or to be trfed or applied, externally or. internally, as medicines or medig'ahients for the prevention, cure, or relief of any djforder or complaint incident to, of in anywise affecting the human body, nd subject to the duties by this act imposed; and the said. licences flia 11 continue in force for the space of one year, commencing from she first day of September, one thoufarid seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date pf every such licence; and all. 311$ every person andj persons, who shall take outifuch licence for uttering or vending any such drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, shall take out a frdh licence for another New licences year, ten days at the least before the expiration of that year for t0 betaken * which he or the shall be so licehfed, if he or she shall continue before1!he^ofd to utter or sell such drugs, medicines medicaments, or other expire, ' 'preparations or compositions aforesaid'; ' arid shall, ltx like manner, renew such licence, from year to'yeas, paying down the respective sums due for the stamp oir such licences, as long a he or she shall continue to utter, or vend such drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions as aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enacted by^he authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said fiffft day of September, one thou Every person sand seven hundred and eighty fiv; ev no person whatsoever shall selling medi utter vend, or expose to fate, any drugs, medicines, medica cines ij'able to ments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, which oufa fiance shall be subjeeft to the duty herein before imposed, unless he or forfeits 5lf * she shall have first obtained a licence in such manner as is herein before directed, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence,

A a 4 the

3^° Ahno yleeficno quinto jgeorgii HI. c.yg. [1785.'

the sum of five pqunds, tqi, be recovered and applied as .hereinafter is directed /;

And, in order tv secure the duty hereby imposed) be if Persons vend further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every perfoa "ilnestotcnd faking preparing, or vending any such drugs, medicines, 'or' labeb to be medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, stamped, which which are subject to the duty herein - before i tnpqfed, shall, from are to be af time to time, send, or cause to be sent, to the said cornmission: fised to the ers of damps, or to their officers appointed by them for that. ms icme8. purpose, paper covers, wrappers, or labels, made for enclosing such packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inclofares, containing or intended to contain any such drags, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, with bis, her, or their name or names, and any other particular word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which the same are respectively intended to be sold, in such manner and form as the said commissioners shall from time to time direct, in order that the same may be damped with the, several and respective duties hereby directed to be imposed, and marked, impressed, and diftinguilhed with such other mark or device as the said commissioners shall direct, and delivered again from time to time to such maker or vender, as occasion shall require; and all and every, the packets, boxes, bottles, or phials, or other enclosures, containing any drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other

Sactions or compositions aforesaid, uttered, vended, or ex

d to/fate,. by any person or persons whatsoever, shall have'

parted, ftqck, fastened, or affixed thereto, such covers, wrapr

pers, or labels, stamped, marked, impressed, .and distinguished

as aforefai^, in such manner as. the said commissioners shall from

lime to time direct.

£ penalty of! X And belt further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Tha^

5i. on persons no perfdh" or persons shall utter, vend, or £xpofe. to sale, any

vending.me pagjrel: box, bottle, or phial, or anv other ihclosure, edntain emmes with r \, * * - P ' * i *

out a label mg any drug, medicine,., medicament, or other preparation op

^tco f * composition'aforesaid* subjeil to the stamp duties hereby im 4 " posed, tinlefs the cover, ‘wrapper, or label, hereby directed tq

be parted, fttick, fastened;; affixed to the same, shall be parted, stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto, and marked and ftampeef as by this act is directed; or that dial! have any cover, wrapper, or label parted,, stuck, fastened, or aftjxed thereto, marked or stamped with a mark or stamp, of less denomination or value than by this act is cliredted, under pain that all and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for evedy, packer, box, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, containing

any such drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation dr compofuion aforesaid, so uttered, vended, or exposed to fnle, the sum of fi ve pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter,, directed:

: And, to prevent the cover, wrapper, or label, and the mark - or stamp thereon, hereby directed to be pajledy Jluck, fastened, or affixed' to every packet, bck> bottle, phial) or 'other inclofureftcon ' taining

',; 1

Anno vicefitho quinto georgii III C 79.

faining any drug, me dime, medicament,, or other preparation or composition aforesaid, from being made use of again after they have been fid' afid disposed of, to be affixed to other packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inelosures, containing any drugs, medicines, medicaments, of other preparations or comp options aforesaid by which prac-\

* lice's his Majesty's revenue might be leffiened and diminished.. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person Persons fell or persons shall, from and after the firflh day of September, one ing medicine thousand seven hundred and eighth five, fraudulently cut, tear or take off any mark or (lamp, in respect whereof or whereby txme for any duties are hereby payable, or denoted to be paid or payable feit. iol. to his Majesty, on any packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other jrrclosure, containing any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or composition aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of as aforesaid; or shall fraudulently paste, slick, fafteri, or affix to any such packet, box, bottle, or phiaj, any covers wrapper, gr label, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, tfip fgme having gnce been made use of for the purpose aforesaid;; shall utter, vend, or expose to, fate any packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation., or composition aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or label, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid, and pasted, (luck, fastened, or affixed thereto; all and every person and performs so offending, in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay; he sum.of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is directed.

XII Andy to prevent persons from fraudulently selling or buying any covers, wrappers, or label), which have been before made use of for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed, or any packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other enclosures, wherein any drugs, medi tines, medicaments, or other preparations or compofttions aforesaid, have been contained, and sold and disposed of with such covers, wrappers, or labels, pajled, suck, fajiened, or affixed thereto, be it

Further enadlecf by the authority aforesaid. That if any person bu 'me

or persons shall, from and after the first day of September, one labels for the thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, sell or buy any such purpose of cover, wrapper, or label, which hath before been made use for the being used a enclosing any packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure of o^bu^in^or any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or com feiiing any ppfition, liable to the duty hereby imposed, in order to be again packet with made use of for the like purpose; or shall sell or buy any such a label, packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, with such cover, forfe*lt loi wrapper, dr label, which hath before been made use of as aforesaid, pasted, (luck, fastened, or affixed thereto; every such person 'so offending shall,, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Either buyer thority aforesaid, ' That if cither the' buyef 6r seller of 3hy or seller may

1;! ' V ' - - such

inform against the other, and be himself indemnified.

Allowances for prompt payment of duties.

Notice of the place of making or vending medicines, with the prices, C to be sent to the ffcamp office.

apq0„viee6ma qyiflto Georgii III C [1785* such covera wrapper, or label, or any such packet, bo, bottle, ghial, brl^t^r enclosure, shall inform against the other party concerned in, haying or selling such cover, wrapper, or label, or packet, box, bottle, phial, or other idctosure, the party so informing (ftajl be admitted to give evidence against the party infbr^ed, against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by hlin br Iter incurred, and shall receive, the farpe benefit and advantage as any other informer shall be entitled to by virtue of this act for such information.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall allow and jay to every person that shall be fuppiied with,, or shall bring any paper covers, or wrappers, or labels as aforesaid, to the head office of damps, to be stamped in pursuance of this act, the duty whereof, hereby imposed, shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or upwards; after the rate of two pounds in the hundred pounds per annum; and if such duty shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds or upwards, after the rate of five pounds in the hundred pounds per annum, upon present payment of the said duty upon the said paper covers, wrappers dr labels, foto them fuppiied or by them brought.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every person and persons who (Kail make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, liable to the duties imposed by this act, before they respectively shall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, shall give or send notice in writing of the usual house or place, houses or places, where they respectively shall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to sale, the same; and also of all drugs, oils, waters, essences, tinctures, powders, and other preparations and compositions subject tq the duties by this act imposed, that shall be made, ' prepared, littered, vended, or exposed to sale by them respectively, or intended foto be; which notice shall be given or sent to the commissioners for the time being for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officer next adjacent to the place where such medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions, shall be made, prepared, uttered, vended, or sold; and the like notice shall be given or sent, by every such person or persons as often as they respective jy shall change their places for that purpose, or shall change or vary the articles, or any of them, in which they shall so deal; and which notice shall contain the true and just name and names of all such drugs, oils, waters, essences, tinftures, powders, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, by which the same respectively have been, or now are, or at any time: hereafter, shall calied, known, or distinguished, and the

1785.3 Armo vicesmo quinto Georgii IIL C 79.

✓ kinds apd .qualities thereof, and the price or prices at which the same shall be intended to be vended or exposed to sale, upon pain that every person, awaking default ip giving such notice as aforesaid, for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVI And, in order to obviate any doubts which may arise in the construction of this, act for want of a particular specifieation, denomination and enumeration of the different drugs, oils, waters, essences, tin ft tyres, powders, or preparations or compositions which are charged with, or subject to the rates or duties by this act imposed, or to which the same Shall extend be it declared and further enacted, That This a to the rates and duties hereby imposed on drugs, oils, waters, ef extend to the fences, tin&ures, powders, and other preparations pr compo nexed an^fto litions used or applied, or to he used or applied, as medicines aq articles of or medicaments for the prevention, rcure, t or relief of any di the like qua' ftemper, malady, ailment, or disorder, incident to or in any wise liti^a 5 affedjting the human body, and upon persons uttering or vending the same 5 and all the powers, proviliqns, articles, clauses, distributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed'or appointed by this act for the raising, levying, cojiedupg, and fecqring the said rates and duties, shall extend, and be deemed, and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said rates and dpties all and every the article and articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, by the respective names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other name or names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be calied, known, or di flipguiflied 1 and also ail pills, powders, lozenges, tinclures, potions, cordials, electuaries, plasters, unguents, salyes, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, spirits, medicated herbs, and waiters, chemical and officinal preparations whatsoever, of the same or the like properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, with those articles so mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified therein, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale by any person or persons whatsoever, wherein and where a the person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing fecretartor to sale the same, hath, or claims to have, any occult, secret, or [Claimed or Unknown art for the making or preparing the same, or hath or the medicines Claims to have any exclusive right or title to the making or pre are advertised paring the same, or which at any time heretofore have been, as nostrums, now are, or hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, under the authority of any letters patent under the great fear, or which at any time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be, by any public notice or advertise fnent, or by written or printed papers or hand bills, held out or Recommended to the public, by the makers, venders, or proprietors thereof, as nostrums or proprietary medicines, or as Specifics, or otherwise, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any such distemper, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid;; Shall also extend, and be deemed and adjudged so extend, to

; t t ff

zh

Ifcrfons counterfeiting marks, C guilty pf felony.

Regulations of all former as, relative to stamp duties, extended to this act.

How penalties ar^tp applied.

Howpenalties are to be recovered.

r <. *

Anno vicesimo qnlnto Georgii III e. 79, [ 1785,

charge with the rates or duties imposed on licences, all and every person and persons respectively who (hairutter, vend, * or expose to sale, any such preparations or compositions as aforesaid.

XVII A; nd be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this af granted, or shall counterfeit of resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fecceffors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell any vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be marked or stamped with any mark or stamp provided arid used in pursuance of this or any other ad or als of parliament, for denoting the duties thereby granted, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed, or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fecceffors, of any of the said duties; then every such person so offending, trnd being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, with? out benefit of clergy.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That dll powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or.a61s of parliament, relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising, levying, colleding, and securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaming of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had feverajly and reflectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed,

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all pecuniary penalties, hereby imposed, shall be divided and distributed, (if feed fof within the fpacefof six calendar months from the time of any such penalty being incurred) ip manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and see for the same.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall and may be seed fqr and recovered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster% for offences committed in, that part of Great Britain called eng land, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tivecd\ and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of julviciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed m

‘ " that

X

1785.] Afln0 Vicesimo quifito (seorgii III C 75.' 365

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin, protection, pri r vilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.'

XXI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of. the pe In default of nalties as.aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and re profeeution ftridted to the prosecuting for the same within the time hereint evt?e whole' before for that purpose limited and that in default of such penalties be profecetion within tyre time aforesaid, no informer or informers long to his shall have or be utitled to any part or share of such penalties, Majesty.

but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid;; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it dial! and may be lawful to and for justices may any justice of the peace, redding near the place where the of determine, fence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence natters rela* against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary niarv^efls^ penalty, at any time within six months after the offence com ties, mitted or to be committed against this act; which said justice

of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any such information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses oh either side, and shall examine into the matter of; and Upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture according sis in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid 2nd satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves Appeal may aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then lie or they be made to shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value ^1qi1]|lsartcr of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall le lons‘ be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawfu} for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal so them shall seem meet.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That

%

jamb videsirid qdittto fe^rgi i III [178gl

Witnesses That if any perfbii or per sobs shall be furaraoafd asa witnefar neglecting to or wittiefles to give evidence before such justice dr justicps of attend, forfeit the peace, torching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor or 6f the person or persons ac * used, and shall neglect or refpfe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse sot such, his, her, or their neglect of refufaj, to be allowed 6f by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending; that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means; as hereinbefore directed as to other penalties.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the justice of justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid' ' cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, of in any other form of words to the fameeffect, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say):

Form of con TJ E it remembered That on the day of

viftion. j3 in the year of our Lord in the county ef

AM. of was convicted before me C D. one of his Ma

jejlfs justices of the peace for the feud county, residing near the place where the offence was committed for that the said AB. on the day of now last pajl, did, contrary to'

the form of the jiatute in that case made and provided, [here (late the offence against the ad]; and I do dellare and adjudge that he the said AB. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid to be distributed as the law dir efts

Given under my hand and seal the day of

XXV Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in: * making the discovery as in prosecuting the lame, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation dp not reduce the penalties to iefs than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges'; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, *, no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, paid into the from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for exchequer. the tjme being of the duties pn stamped vellum, parchment,

and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, "and accounting for the same, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such

manner.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

<7#5‘1 Ahhd'viefefimo f.

manner, as the, duties', now charged pn ftatnpetf vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office and to be kept of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided arid kfept a fepa^ate front book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said *iegot er (u ""rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as afpre said, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said Application receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the pay thereof, mem of the several annuities, and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of parliament passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for raising a certain sum of money by ivay of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, Defendants molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or may plead tfye executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or Seneral issue, thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have and recover treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or treb*e co "s plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this al refers:.

Containing the names by which many medicinal preparations now in use, subject to the duties by this act imposed, are known and distinguished.

DRUGS, OILS, WAT E R S, etcetera, used as medicines; commonly called

Analeptic pul, Doctor james's.

Ague and Fever Drops. anderfon's Scotch paiis. Andalusia Water.

Anodyne Necklace. Antipertuffis.

Antirheumatic Drops. Baifamic Eleftuary for the Whooping Cough. bateman's Drops.

betton's original British Oil. Beaume de Vie.

bin's Martial Balsam. roftock's Grand Elixir.

cox's Tincture,

daffy's Elixir.

dalby's Carminative.

Daw ton's Lozenges.

Doctor dickinfon's Cephalic Drops.

edward's Ague Tincture.

Essence of Water Dock.

falck's Universal Pills.

freeman's Bathing Spirits.

Fryaris Balsam.

fendon's Drops.

godfrey's Cordial.

grant's Drops.

griffin's Tinftura Afthmatica. hickman's Pills.

hill'speftoral Balsam of Honey.

hill's

/

Anno vleefirno quinto Gborg 11 ill e. 8&. § 17#^;

ils Tincture of Sage.

Dittp Tinware of Valerian. Ditto E fletice of Water Dock:. Ditto Elixir of Bardana.

Dittp. Tincture of Centaury'. Ditto Canada Balsam. hamilton's Cinnamon Drops; Ditto, — — - Asthmatic Effluvia. Ditto - — Vegetable Balsamic Tinfifure.

hooper's female Prills. holdfwortb's Lozenges; hunter's Elixir.

' Ditto — Restorative.

james's feverj?owder.

Jesuit Drops.

johnfon's Yellow Ointment jjceyfer's Pills.

leake's Pills.

Lozenges of Blois.

Ditto -- -- of Tolu.

Ditto ‘stomachic.

Ditto -- -- Specific.

Ditto -- -- for the Heartburn.

lockyer's Pills.

Le cour's Imperial Oil. norton's maredant's antiscorbutic Drops.

norris's Drops.

peters's Tincture.

peters's Pills.

peke's Omtment.' V

ratcliffveiixir; '

spilftury'santifcbvbutk Speedmarfs Stomach Pills; Spirits of Scurvy Grass. Stomachic Lozenges. stoughton's Elixir.

stern's Balsamic jether; squire's Elixir.

steer's Opodeldoc; 8

Ditto — Oil..

Ditto purgifig Elixir. Tuberofa Vit,, Chilblain?

Water.

turlington's Balsam. vandour's nervpus Pills. velno's Vegetable Syrup. wace's Asthmatic Drops. ward's White Drops.

Ditto — Essence for the Head Ach.

Ditto — Liquid Sweat.

Ditto — Red Pills.

Ditto — Sack Drops. *

Ditto — Sweating Powders. Ditto — Parte.

Worm Cakes, storey's.

Worm Sugar Plumbs.

wray's Ague Pills.

CAP. LXXX

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to betaken out by folicitors9 attorneys, and others, praftiftng in certain ' courts of justice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered of filed of record, as therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. XTTE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have resolved to give, and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned , and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ be it enacted by the king's, most excellent majesty, by and with the ad prom Nov. 1, vice and consent of the lords fjfiriuial and temporal, and com<-1785, the fol mqns, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authol lowing duties |.jty Df the same. That, from and after the first day of November, \iz.t0 one thousand seven hundred and eighty.; five, there shall be rai;;

i785.] Anno vicesimo quirito gfio&gtt! lllf C 80.

fed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is to say).

That for and in respect of every warrant, mandate, or au For every thority given to any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agerit, warrant to or procurator in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or de pr?rf^utf °5

SI r r t * TV/T n, a cudt Or 408.

send, any luit or prosecution in any of his Majesty s courts at_________as. 6d.

Westminster, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, or in any of his majesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or iti any other court holding pleas, where the debt or damage shall amount to forty Shillings, or more there shall be charged a stamp duty of two Shillings and sixpence:

That every solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or prd Certificates to curator, admitted, enrolied, or registered in any of his majesty's be tak n ?ut courts at Wejlminjier, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of everyfolici^ the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports, or in any of his Ma tor, e, prac jesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any tifing ip any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in court holding Great Britain holding pleas, where the debt or damage shall up0watdv: amount to forty Shillings, or more, shall, previous to his commencing or defending any suit or prosecution, take out annually a certificate of such his admission, enrolment, or register: :

for and upon every such certificate so taken out by Those refid any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, ing in lon who shall reside in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London ox west min ft er the borough of Southwark, the parish of biifs of mor saint Pancras, and Saint Mary le Bone, or within the bills of taiity, oredin mortality, or within the city of Edinburgh, there shall be charg burgh, to paid a stamp duty of five pounds: titicate^ cer"

That for and upon every such certificate so taken out by any *ica e‘. solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, who part of Great shall reside in any other part of Great Britain there shall be Britain, 31. charged a stamp duty of three pounds.

II And be it further enacted bv the authority aforesaid.

That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting Duties to be the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under under the the government, care, and management of the commissioners for om the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on mifiioners for stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major stamps. part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such stamps, to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all, other things necessary to be done .for putting this at into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them,

Vol. XXXV E b are

27° Aimo Hcfefimo quinto g£qrgiiiii. C 80^ [1785^

tre or is authorised to put in execution any former law aeon cerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

‘ III And, for the easter obtaining such certificate, be it further

fromnovem enacted by the authority aforesaid V That, from and after the ker J first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fohotor C fivei every person admitted, sworn, enrolied, or registered a so hall annually licitoiyattorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, in any deliver in a one or more of the courts aforesaid, who shall commence, note of his carry on, or defend, any action, suit, or prosecution therein, fiderfc^&c6" annua^y> during such time as he shall continue foto prac in order tote (herein, deliver into some one of the courts in which he obtain acer shall have been admitted, sworn, enrolied, or registered in such tificate. manner as herein after is directed, a paper or note, in the proper handwriting of every such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, containing his name and usual place of residence, and marked and damped with the proper mark or stamp denoting the duty herein before imposed upon certificates, according to the place of such his residence as aforesaid, and thereupon every such Solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, shall be entitled to have a certificate (if the same shall be required) in the manner herein after directed

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers for That, from and after the first day of November, one thousand ^h^ahon^for even hun^red an eighty-five, the chief clerk of the court of ?esficate8°in king's bench, or his deputy, the clerk of the warrants in the England. court of common pleas, or his deputy, the clerk of the pleas in the exchequer office of pleas, or his deputy, the prothonotaries of the respective counties palatine of Lancasier, Chester, and Durham, and of the great sessions in Wales, or their respective deputies, and such officers of the inferior courts of law as the judge or judges of the inferior courts respectively shall, from time to time, appoint to enrol the names of persons admitted attorneys in the said courts respectively, the senior clerk of the petty bag office in the court of chancery, or his deputy, the king's remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, the chief clerk of the court of the duchy chamber of Lancasier, or his deputy, the register of the respective courts of equity in the said counties palatine, and of the great sessions in Wales, or their respective deputies, and such officers of the inferior courts of equity as the judge or judges of such inferior courts respectively shall, from time to time, appoint to enrol the names of persons admitted Tolicitors in the said courts respectively, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, upon payment of the see of one shilling, to enter in alphabetical order, the name and place of residence of every such attorney and solicitor enrolled an attorney or solicitor in the said courts respectively, (and who shall have delivered in such paper or note in writing, duly damped, and required a certificate of his enrolment, as aforesaid) in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the said several and refpe&ivejpffices; and also tjiat the registers of all and every the ecclesiastical

courts,

- -

Armti v'icefinio quirito gfiorgli III C So 371 <-

cbusts, courts of admiralty, or of the cinque ports, or their respective deputies, (hail, and they are hereby refpe&ivdy required, in like manner, from time to time, to enter, in alphabetical sorder, the name and place of residence of every notary, proctor, or procurator, admitted a notary, prodior, or procurator, in the said courts respectively, and who shall have delivered in a like paper or note in writing, containing his name and place of residence, and requiring a certificate of his admission as aforesaid, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the said respective offices; and also that all such offi Officers for cers of the courts of sessions, courts of judiciary, circuit courts, ]ngc

court of exchequer, or sheriff or stewart courts, or any other in Scotland ferior courts in Scotland, as the judge or judges of the said courts respectively shall, from time to time, appoint toregifter any certificate of the oaphs appointed by law to be taken and subscribed in the said courts respectively, by persons officiating therein as procurators, agents, or solicitors, shall, and they are hereby reflectively required, in like manner, from time to time, to enter, in alphabetical order, the name and place of residence of every such procurator, agent, or solicitor, delivering in a like paper or note in writing, containing his name and place of residence, and requiring a certificate of such register as aforesaid, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the said re fpe&ive offices; and all and every the officers aforesaid respec Entering: tively shall, and they, and each and every of them, are hereby officers to required, at the time of making such entry, to subscribe to every such paper, or note in writing, so delivered in, a certificate signed by every such officer respectively, according to the form of the schedule hereunto annexed; to all which said rolls or books, in the said courts respectively, all persons shall and may, at seasonable times, have free access without fee or reward.

V And be it further enacted by' the authority aforesaid, jthat the said officers, or their respective deputies, after they Entering of shall have respectively signed such certificates, so subscribed so ficera/etc. to the respective papers or notes, in writing, duly stamped as aforesaid, shall forthwith issue the said certificates to the person which mnft'be or persons respectively requiring the same; and every certificate renewed to so ifiiied shall bear date on the day on which the same was iffaed, days before and (hallendure and remain inforcefor thefpaceof twelvecalendar explratlon* months, to commence from the first day of November ^ onethou sand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all certificates to be jitued on or before that day, and upon certificates to be first issued to any person or persons, after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the date of every such certificate $ which said certificate shall be renewed at lead ten days previous to the expiration of the time for which it was granted, and so yearly and every year, so long as such solicitor, attorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, shall continue to pradiife in any such court in manner af^jfesaid; and if any of the said respective officers, or their Penalty on jiefeedtive deputies, (h%ll neeledl or refuse to rflue, within a con refuting to - ' Bbivenientiffue'or Im"

Hos ' by

372

properly ififth ing certificates

j^eyfotis redding 40 days in a year within the limits of the higher duties, are to pay the same.

Penalty on acting without certificate, or giving in a i'alfe place of refi aence.

Anna vice fimo quin to Georgii III C So. [1785/

Yemeni time, the proper certificate required by this ain such manner as is herein before directed, or shall issue the same to any person otherwise than as before directed, every such officer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed, and moreover (hallrfatisfy and pay to the party or parties aggrieved thereby, all such damages shall or may accrue from such neglect, refusal, or default.

VI And, to prevent evasion in the payment of the higher duties imposed by this act by joucitcrs, attorneys, notaries, prof orj, agents, and procurators, ivko may have diverse places of residence at the same time, within the limits of the different dijlndls abovementioned; be it declared arid further engdled by the authority aforesaid, That if'any solicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, liable to any of the rates or duties hereby imposed on certificates, shall reside in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London or Westminster, or the borough of Southwark, the parish of Saint Pancras, or Saint Mary le Bone, or within the bills of mortality, or within the city of Edinburgh, for the space of forty clays, or more, in any one year, every such solicitor, attorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, shall be deemed to be resident within the limits last mentioned, within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the higher duties by this act imposed on certificates, for and during such time as he shall continue to be so resident for the space of forty clays, or more, in each year, notwithstanding such solicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, shall or may at other times in each such year, reside elsewhere without the limits last aforesaid.

VII And be it further, enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every person who shall, in his own name, or in the name of any other person or persons, sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any addon or suit, or any proceedings as a solicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, see, or reward, without having obtained such certificate, in such manner as herein before is directed, or shall deliver in to the respective officers appointed by this act, any false or fidtirious place of residence, with intent to evade the payment of the higher duties, in and by this act imposed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thjs act, every such person, for every such offence, Jshall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.. shall be, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute, any action or suit, in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of any fee, reward, cr diihurfements, on account of prosecuting, carrying on, or defending any such action, suit, or proceeding.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by|pe authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of AS?

vembery

1785*] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III e. 80., 373

vember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it fhaik Personf? hav and may be lawful for any person, having duly obtained a cer certificate tificate in the manner herein before directed, to sue out any may a for writ or process, or commence, prosecute, or defend any action others who or suit, or any proceeding in any of the courts aforesaid, iri the have also name and by and with the con lent of any other solicitor, attor taken thern ney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator of such court, in ut'

writing first had and obtained, and signed by him in like manner as he might have lawfully done before the making of this act, provided that such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in whose name such proceedings shall be instituted, commeneed, or carried on, shall also have first duly obtained a certificate out of the court wherein he is sworn, admitted, enrolied, or registered, in manner as herein before is directed; or, in default thereof, every such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, shall be subject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities as any other solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procuratoris by this act made subject and liable to.

IX Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the

authority aforefiaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person under person, duly sworn, admitted, enrolied, or registered a solicitor, one certifi attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in any two or other

more of the said courts respectively, under a proper certificate courtin which obtained from either of the said courts, in such manner as he is sworn, herein before is directed, to commence, carry on, prosecute, so etc

licit, or defend any action or suit, or any proceedings in any of the fifid other courts in which he is so sworn, admitted, enrolied, pr registered, although, such certificate shall or may not have issued from such other court; anything herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X And whereas the act for the better regulation of atforni.es and

solicitors doth not extend to the jwearing, admission, or enrolment of the six clerks of the court chancery, or the sworn clerks in their

office, or the waiting clerks belonging to the said six clerks, or the our filtersof the said courts or of the clerks of the petty bag office, or of the. clerks of the king's coroner and attorney in the court of king's bench, or of the filazers of the same court, or of the filazers \ of the court of common, pleas at Westminster, or of the attorneys of

the court of the duchy chamber ^ Lancaster, or of the attorneys of the, court of exchequer at Chester, or of the attorneys of the courts of the lord mayor and Sheriffs of London respectively, or of the attorneys or clerks of the offices of the king's remembrancertreafurer's remem* brancer^ pipe, or office of pleas in. the court of exchequer at West minder, for the time beings or of thefolicitor s of the treasury, cuf* tomss excise, pofi office salt or jlamp duties, or of any other branches of his Majesty's revenue for the time beings or of the solicitors of the city of London for the time beings or of the ajfifiant to the counsel for the affairs of the admiralty and navy; but that the said clerks,

(urfitofsy filazers, attorneys, and solicitors respectively^ may be sworn, qdmittidy enrolled and practice in their rejpeflive courts and offices

JES b 3 according

The six clerks, etc. are tp quality themselves for at? ing in the same manner aa attorneys, etc.

Clerk of. courts, etc. acting without enrollment and certificates, liable to penalties.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georg LI III C 80. [1785.

according to the usage and custom of those courts and offices respectively; and whereas it is expedient to extend the provision.s of this ' act to suck clerks, curfit or s, fiinzer s, attorneys, and solicitors, (except as herein after excepted) \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, or solicitor, shall be permitted, in his own name, or in the name of any other person, to sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any action or suit, or any proceedings, in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, see, or reward, as a solicitor or attorney, (except as herein after menti pned), unless such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, and solicitor shall, for the purposes of this act, cause his name to be enrolled in the court in which he is such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, or solicitor, as aforesaid, or in the respective court in which he shall so commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any such suit, action, prosecution, or other proceeding, as such solicitor or attorney, with the proper officer appointed to enrol sworn solicitors or attorneys therein, (and every such officer is hereby required to enrol the same accordingly); and shall annually, during such time as he shall continue to practice as & solicitor or attorney, in manner aforesaid, obtain a certificate, marked and damped with the proper mark or stamp, according to the place of his refidetice, in like manner as is here? in befpre directed with refpedf to sworn attorneys and solicitors, under pain that every such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, or solicitor in the said respective courts or offices, offending therein, shall be subject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities as aforesaid.

XL And whereas it is also expedient to extend the provisions of this act to all such other officers or clerks of the respective courts aforesaid, who maybe respectively d to carry on, agent, managet, solicitor defend any act ion, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, in the court whereof he is such officer or clerk, under or by virtue of his office or appointment; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no officer or clerk of any of the courts aforesaid, (except as herein after excepted) shall be permitted, in his own name, or in the name of any other person, to sue out any writ or process, or to commence, prosecute, carry on, agent, manage, solicitor defend any action or suit, prosecution, pr other proceedings, iq any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, see, pr reward, as a solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, unless such officer or clerk shall, for the purposes of this at, cause his name to be enrolled or registered in thfe court in which he is such officer or clerk as aforesaid, or in the 4 efpe6tive court in which he shall so commence, prosecute, carry on, agent, manage, solicitor defend any such atftion, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, as such joficitor, attorney,"

notary

1785-] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii ll, C 80." 375

notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, with the proper officer appointed to enrol or register solicitors, attorneys, proctors, agents, or procurators therein, (and every such officer is hereby required to enrol or register the same accordingly); and shall annually, during such time as he shall continue to act in manner aforesaid, obtain a certificate, marked or stamped with the proper mark or stamp according to the place of his residence, in like manner as is herein before directed with respect to sworn attorneys and solicitors, under pain that every such officer or clerk of any of the courts aforesaid offending therein, shall be subject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities, as aforesaid.

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Officers or thority aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained shall ex clerks in tend, or be construed to extend, to subject to the payment of abl^wkhland the several duties of five pounds or three pounds, hereby im tax are exposed, any officer or clerk of any of the courts aforesaid, who empted from is now, or at any time shall be charged with the payment of dut*c^if ap land taxin respect of his office or appointment in such court, ^y°fficia y for or by reason of his being employed in the conduct, care, or management of any action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding therein, relating to or concerning the business of his office

or appointment only, and wherein such officer or clerk shall not be also retained or employed by the party or parties to such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, or by any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, for or in expectation of any fee or reward, over and above the see or reward therefore due and payable to such officer or clerk, in respect of his office or appointment in such court.

XIII And, in order to make suitable provisions for tfe due payment of the duties by this act imposed, in respect of warrantj, mandates, and authorities, to sue or defend as aforesaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and asser the ^ stamped said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and to^^ive^to eighty-five, no solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or the proper of procurator, shall be permitted to sue out any writ or process, or ficerof the to commence, prosecute, or carry on any suit, action, or any names of the prosecution, or other proceedings whatsoever, in any of the

courts aforesaid, or to defend or appear for any defendant in any 0n.

suit or action, prosecution, or other proceedings, in any of the courts aforesaid for or in expectation of any gain, see, or reward, by virtue or fn respect of any warrant, mandate, or authority (whether the same be verbal or in writing) which shall be given to him for that purpose, unless such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in every such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, shall have delivered, or caused to be be delivered, to the proper officer, or his deputy, hereby appointed for the receipt and entry thereof, a memorandum or minute, duly stamped in purfuancs of this act, of such his warrant, mandate, or authority, containing the names q( the refpe<tive parties prosecuting and defending the suit, ac

6 b 4 tion.

37&' Anno vicesimo qainto geoegii III C So. [1785,

tmn, prpfecution, or other proceedings, and of the court ip which the same shall be commeneed, and also the name of th folicitbr, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, im?

' mediately retained to prosecute, carry on, or defend the same,

to be entered or filed of record, as herein after directed; which memorandum or minute (fiall and may be made out according to the form of the schedule hereunto annexed, (mutatis .mutandis.)

XIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Stamped me That in all cases where any precipe (except a precipe for any irtorandumsto original writ issuing out of the said court of chancery) is or shall delivered required by the rules or practice of any of the courts afore as used tb re t0 delivered, filed, or entered of record, with the pro choir preci Per clerk or officer previous to the signing or iffuiog any such pes. original or other writ, precept, citatipn, or monition, or other

first process, for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the commencement of any such suit or action, or any prosecution, or other V proceedings whatsoever, in any such court, it shall and may be

lawful for every such solicitor, attorney, notary, projflor, agent,

. or procurator, to deliver in to every such clerk, or officer the memorandum or minute hereby required to be stamped, and to insert therein the nature and denomination of the process required to be signed or iffiied, and the return thereof, in such manner as heretofore hath been used in such courts with respect to such precipes as aforesaid $ that every such memo * randurn or minute, so stamped and delivered, in as herein is above directed, shall be, and be deemed and adjudged to be, as valid and effectual an authority in law, for the signing or if r suing any such writ, precept, citation, or monition, or other first process aforesaid, by any such clerk or officer, as if the precipe heretofore used in such courts had been delivered in to the proper clerk or officer as aforesaid;; law, usage, or custom, or anything in this at contained, to the contrary thereof not yvithftanding.

XV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Officers who That, from and after the said first day of November, one thou receive ft amp seven })undred and eighty-five, the respective clerks and

td memoran - r XV Y ., rn,,

«iums are to officers, or their refpeeuve deputies, to whom it mall appertain, hie the same, or who shall be entrusted or appointed to signor issue any original or oilier writ, precept, citation, monition, or other first. process, for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the commencement of any suit or aeftion, or any prosecution or other proceedings whatsoever, in any of the courts aforesaid, or to enter, file, or record, any bail, appearance, admission, or other act, matter or thing, to be first done in the defending or appearing for the defendant or defendants in any such a6lian, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, in apy of the courts aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, to receive, and forthwith enter, or file of record, every such memorandum or minute, which shall be delivered to them respectively, by or in the name of any solicitor, attorney, no

1785.3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 80. 377

tary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, in the said respective court of such clerk or officer, and marked or damped with the mark or damp denoting the rate or duty payable thereon pursuant to the directions in this acts, and shall sign thereon the day of the month and year^on which such memorandum or minute shall have been delivered, to be entered or filed of record as aforesaid, to which entries or files, in the said courts respectively, all persons shall and may have free access, at seasonable times, without fee or reward; and every such clerk or officer, or his respective deputy, neglecting the due performance of his office in the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay on penalty of. the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein 50 * after mentioned.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Persons not

That, from and after the said first day of November, one thou acting con sand seven hundred and eighty-five, every person who shall sue *

any writ or process, or commence, carry on, manage, fejt.

agent, solicitor defend, any action, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, except as herein after mentioned, in any of the

courts aforesaid, without having delivered to the proper officer, to be entered or filed of record, the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority, marked or damped in such manner as by this at is directed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no action, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, in any proceed

of the courts aforesaid, shall be (laid, nor any judgement, fen though the

tence, or decree thereon reversed, for or by reason of any omif memoran

(ion or defect in the entering or filing of record the memoranda should

dum or minute herein before directed, but the respective courts noj bae been n.. % r 1 1 r entered or

shall proceed, as far as concerns or relates to the party or par

fies to the said action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding

depending therein, as if such memorandum or minute was in

due manner entered or filed of record.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed ^£rts*of to extend, to rescind, change, or alter, any of the rules, or the jawj etc witjj practice of any of the courts aforesaid, heretofore used, relative regard to en to the entering or filing of record, by any solicitor, attorney, tering of renotary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, any warrants of attorney, Kiel's appearances, or proxies, or any admissions, to sue or' defend the judges cither for the plaintiffs or defendants, in any cause or action think fit. depending therein, but that the rules and practice of the respective courts aforesaid relating thereto shall continue to be put ia force, and used as heretofore, unless the judge or judges of those courts respectively shall think it fit or necessary to rescind, qlter, or amend the same; and the said judge or judges of the Several courts aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby authored and required, from time to time, to make such rules and grders in their respective ^ourts, and do such other matters and > ' things.

by

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 80. [1785.

things, for the better securing the said several rates and duties, in and by this a imposed as shall be lawful and reasonable in that behalf. /

XIX Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au a ftatnped thority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of no memorandum vernber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in all cases f attorney t w*iere any defendant or defendants shall, before appearance, be delivered ° con*€fs any a&iqn or suit in any of the courts aforesaid, or shall previous to execute any warrant of attorney to acknowledge judgement by entering up Nildieit non sum informatus, or otherwise, the attorney who shall judgement, enter up any judgement thereupon, shall previously deliver, or

eaufe to be delivered, to the proper officer, a memorandum or minute of such Cognovit Aftionem^ or warrant of attorney, fiamp ed as herein before is directed, in the like manner, and according to the form above prescribed, under pain that he shall for n pen; tlty of felt and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter directed /

And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this act that the several rates and duties, in and by this act imposed, Shall be born and paid by therespectivefoliciiors, attorneys, notaries, proctors, agents, or procurators, immediately retained or employed by the respective party ' or parties, and Shall in no wise be charged or imposed, in the whole or in part, upon their respective clients: for the prevention

Hone of the of such charges, be it therefore enacted. That it shall not be duties to be lawful for any solicitor, attorney, notary, proper, agent, or pro efieats t0 curator, liable to the respective duties hereby imposed, who 1 V * shall be retained by any person or persons to prosecute, carry on, manage, felicit, agent, or defend, any action or suit, or any prosecution or other proceedings in any of the courts aforesaid, directly or indirectly, to claim, demand, or receive, from the 7 party or parties aforesaid, or, under any pretence whatsoever, to insert in any bill of fees or charges, or disbursements charged upon the party or parties aforesaid, any sum of money whatsoever for or in respect of the payment of the rates or duties aforesaid; but that it shall and may be lawful, upon application of the party or parties charged therewith, or of any other perform in that behalf authorised, unto any of the said courts respectively, in which such aion or suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, shall have been transacted, to refer the said bill or demand to be taxed or settled by file proper officer of such court, in such manner as is by law ordained or practised in such court respectively, for the taxation and settlement of such bills and demands; and if, upon the said taxation and settlement it shall be found that such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, shall have charged, or received from the party or parties aforesaid, any sum of money whatsoever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ai, then and in such case hie said charge.or demand shall be disallowed and struck out of such bill; or if the same shall have been paid, the said solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator respectively, (haft refund arid pay unto the party and parties intitkd. thereto, or

-

e79

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Ge ^RGII ITI. C 80.

to any other person or persons duly authorised, in such manner as the respective courts aforesaid shall direct, all such money as the said officer shall certify to have been so overcharged or paid; and in every such case shall also be liable to the costs of the said taxation, to be ascertained at the discretion of the respective courts aforesaid.

XXI Provided always, That in any suit or action, profecu Persons not tion, or other proceedings, in any of the courts aforesaid, if the immediately person by whom any memorandum or minute shall have been thepparties * delivered to be entered or filed of record as aforesaid, and by may charge whom the duty payable thereon shall have been paid, shall not the duties to be immediately retained or employed by the party or parties Mhom'** prosecuting or defending the said suit or action, prosecution, or theyast. other proceedings, but shall ast therein for and on the behalf

of the solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, so immediately retained and employed, it shall and may be lawful for every such person to charge and place to the account of the solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, so immediately retained and employed as aforesaid, the duty hereby imposed on such memorandum or minute so paid.

XXII Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for Common ap any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, pearance or retained or employed to prosecute or carry on any suit or action, prosecution, or other proceedings, for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, entering a in any of the courts aforesaid, to enter or file, or cause to be memoran entered or filed, any common appearance, or common bail, for dum.

the defendant or defendants, according to the statute in that case made and provided, without entering or filing of record any memorandum or minute in that respect for the defendant or defendants, and freed and discharged from the rates and duties hereby imposed thereon, in such manner as might have been done before the passing of this act; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII Provided also, and be it enacted, That no solicitor, After appear attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, for any such Memorandum defendant or defendants, shall, in any such case where an ap must be en pearance or bail hath been entered or filed according to the fta tered before tute, plead or carry on any further proceedings for any suchde any further fendant or defendants, in any such suit, action, or prosecution, proceedings, until the memorandum or minute, damped as aforesaid, of a

warrant, mandate, or authority to defend, shall have been delivered to the proper officer, to be entered or filed of record acr cording to the directions of the ad; and if any such solicitor,

attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator for any such defendant or defendants, after such appearance or bail hath been entered or filed, according to the ffatute as afpresaid, shall plead of carry on any further proceedings for any such defendant or defendants, in any such suit, action, or prosecution, without having entered or filed of record the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority to defend, marked or stamped in such manner ashy this act is directed every such *' * * * M ‘ a f folicitpr,

So

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C So. [ 1785.

Iblicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, shall on penalty of forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and 5*. applied as herein after is directed.

If a defend XXIV Provided also, and be it enabled, That in every ac ant is added tion, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, had or commenced increment of nan le courts aforesaid, according to the directions of this an actions a act, where any person or persons shall, under or by virtue of

i>ew memo any rule or order of such court respectively, be added as a de randum isnot fendant or defendants therein, it shall and may be lawful for necefikry. any f0]ic*ltor^ attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, to sue out the usual process against such person or persons so added, without delivering, any further or other memorandum or minute, in pursuance of this act, by ' ' specifying in the precipe to the officer, that the defendant or defendants named therein hath or have been added thereto by rule or order. <,

Memoranda to be delivered on putting in bail to the / judge's, clerk;, whp is to rer ceive ad. in tbepoupdei) tfce duties.

Judge Yclerks ueglecting to deliver ine raorandums, ' or defacing the stamps thereon, for icit 501.

Not to expend to any suit fr lei's tuan 40s.

XXV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every attorney. tof the said court of king's bench, ^wbp foal 1 put in any special'bail before any judge or judges of the fid court, at the time of putting in thereof, to deliver into and deposit in the hands of the judge's clerk, before whom such bail shall be so put in, the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate or autjtvo.rity to defend, marked and stamped according to the directions of this a 61, which memorandum or minute every such clerk is hereby required to receive gratis; and the judge's clerks, to whom any such memorandum or minute shall be delivered as .aforesaid, shall, within six days after the end of each term, transmit and deliver the same to the; officer appointed to file special bails in the said court, to be filed of record; and the said officer appointed to file such bails shall, out of the moneys paid to such officer by the receiver-general of the stamp duties, according to the directions of this act, pay and allow to every such clerk for the same, the sum of twopence for every pound sterling which the duties upon any such memoranda or minutes, delivered to be entered or filed of record as aforesaid, shall amount unto; and in case any such judge's clerk shall neglect to transmit and deliver to the officer, appointed, to file special bails in the said court of king's bench, all the memorant bums or minutes.so deposited in his hands as aforesaid, or shall wiifully^deface or obliterate, the same, or the damp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties payable thereon, every such judge's clerk shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied, as herein after is directed.

XXVI Provided always,, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing, in this act contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, -- to charge with the payment of the duties hereby imposed, for or in respect of any mandate, warrant, of authority, to sue or defend, or any memorandum pr minute thereof, to be entered or filed of record in any adiion,

*' ' ' ‘ * r

*785*] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 80* 381

salt, prosecution, or other proceeding to be had, commeneed, prosecuted, or defended, in any inferior court, wherein the debt or damages, claimed or demanded, shall not amount to the sum of forty shillings of lawful money of Great Britain; but that, in every such case, it rshall and may be lawful For the attorney, writer, agent, or procurator, retained or employed to carry on or defend such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, to deliver in a memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority, in the manner herein after directed, not marked or stamped with any mark or stamp denoting the duty imposed by this at, and to insert therein the amount of the debt or damages, under forty Shillings, claimed or demanded as aforesaid; and that it shall not be lawful for, any plaintiff, demandant, or pursuer, in any such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, so commenced as aforesaid, to sue for or recover other, more or greater debt or damages than shall be contained and expressed in such memorandum or minute not stamped as aforesaid.

XXVII Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing A not to exin

this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ten subjeift to the payment of the duties hereby imposed, any per is maidtv^s son or persons whatsoever, for or in respect of any proceedings name, etc. commeneed, carried on, prosecuted, or^defended, in any of the except where courts aforesaid, upon any indictment whatsoever, or upon any private per information, suit, writ, or process, in the name of his Majesty, inte-

his heirs or successors, or at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, his majesty's advocate of Scotland or any other officer or officers legally authorised to prosecute in his majesty's

name, or to sue for his majesty's interest, save and except informations in the nature of Quo Warranto, filed by his majesty's coroner and attorney in the court of king's bench, informations in any courts of equity, at the relation of private persons, informations wherein any person or persons, other than his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be entitled to any penalty or forfeiture, or any part thereof; in all which last mentioned cases the said duties shall be, and are hereby required to be paid, as in cases between party and party, according to the directions of this act.

XXVIII And, for the encouragement of the respective clerks Sixpence in and officers, by this at intruded to enter and file of record the the pound on memoranda or minutes hereby required to be stamped as the duties for aforesaid, to be attentive and vigilant in the execution of this memoran at, and as a compensation for their trouble; be it further enact dums to he ed by the authority aforesaid. That the receiver-general for the Paie to the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and clcrks* paper, or same person employed by order from the commissioners

of the, said duties, fliail from time to time take an account of the number of the memoranda or minutes entered or filed of record in the several and respective courts and offices aforesaid, and of the amount of the respective duties paid and payable thereon, and shall from time to time pay and allow to the

respective

38a

Howpenalties are to be recovered

Per fons counterfeiting any stamp, or selling vellum, etc. with counterfeit marks, guilty of felony.

Provisions of former acts relating to ramp duties extended to this act.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 8o. C17^5-v

respective clerks and officers aforesaid, the fam of sixpence for' every: pound fterii ng which the duties upon any such memoranda or minutes, entered or filed of record, and produced as aforesaid, shall amount unto.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great bri tain, called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Hweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by"action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any penalty or penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own use, with full costs of suit.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person shall counterfeit or forge any seal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or damp thereupon, knowing such mark or damp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intentf to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending and being thereof convicted: : be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of^parliament relating to the damp duties an vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be in full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be ap. plied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colleding, and securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and'duties hereby imposed.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afofefaid. That the several duties hereirt before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges.

of

17§5. J Anno vicefinn(0 quiftto Georgii III C 80, 385

of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted). into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the fcparaul. auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a book or p books. In which all the moneys arising from the said several rates apd duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any actor acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all other charges and ex Application pences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an a: tllc duties,

of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XXXIII And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the pro Deficiencies duce of the several duties granted by this acts, together with the !t: several other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in the lad fef payin^the* fion of parliament for the payment of the several and refpe6tive annuities annuities granted by an a St of the last session of parliament, in granted by tituled, An act for raifwg a certain sum of money by way of annul qco

ties, and for establifloing a lottery); and also by another act, made f andin the same session, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy? a 5 Geo.' 3. C victualling) and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; together 32. to be with the several other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of parliament, for the payment of the annuities filing fund; granted by another acts, made in this session of parliament, in 9

tituled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling) and transport bills) and ordnance debentures), together with the other charges and expenses attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same, at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment at which the same are directed by the said asto be paid; then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the moneys which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund, commonly calied, The sinking fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular life or uses by any former at or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund (lial! and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accord ingly; and if at any time or times, before any moneys of the said fund, established as aforesaid, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grpwn due at any of the respective half yearly days

for

3$4

And to be replaced out of the first supplies.

Surplus of duties to be re i'erved for future disposition of parliament

Defendants may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

amt vkefttfid quinjo georgii III C 80.

sit? $5# for payment of the same, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of the said sinking fund, (except as before excepted), and be ifliied accordingly. /

XXXIV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the said sinking fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament,

XXXV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the moneys arifingby the said funds, after the said several and respective annuities, granted by the aforementioned ad, for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery, and also the annuities granted in respect of the money due for bills payable in the course of the navy and victualling offices, and for transports, and also for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in pursuance of the said acts, made in the last and this present session of parliament, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved in the exchequer for the future disposition of parliament.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of anyclause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants dial] have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

THE SCHEDULE,

Stating the Forms to which this at refers.

No. i.

Form of the certificates to be granted to folicitorr, altornies, murries* prohors, agentj, and procurators, praftiftng in the several courts of law and equity, and eqlefeajlical and other courts in Great Britain, by the respective officers appointed for that purpose, (mutatis mutandis.)

7n the court of [insert the name

of the court in which the certificate is obtained] in England, (or Scotland, or Wales) etcetera, as the case may be.)

I. A.

tfbg}1 Anno trfcduno^uinto Gfioftoii Itl. c.&q.

I A. B. r/*rl [or deputy to the chief clerks as the case maybe] of the court of kings bench, [or clerk of the warrants in the court of common picas, or as the case may otherwise be], do heteby certify that the above written C D. who hath this day entered at my office his name and place of residence as an attorney, [or solicitor, notary, proctor, agents or procurator as the case may be], practising in town, [or in the country, as the case may require], in pursuance of an act parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his Majesty King George, the Third, for granting certain duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attorneys, notaries, proctors, agents, or procurators, is duly enrolled (or admitted, or re gijlered, as the case may require) an attorney [or solicitor, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, as the case may be] in this court In witness whereof, I have this day of in the year of the reign of let my hand hereunto,

(the same being first duly Jlamped according to the place of residence of the said C D. herein above written.)

ABS

No. 2.

Form of the memorandum or minute to sue or defend, to be entered in the respective courts, or filed of record.

IN the court of [insert the name of the court

in which the proceedings are to be carried on] in England, (or Scotland, or Wales, etcetera, as the case may be.)

Middlesex. 1 A. B. is retained to prosecute by C D. as his at to wit. j torney [or solicitor, notary, proctor, agent, ox prom No. ^ rator, as the case may be] agdinft E. F. [or otheif (on the File.) wife, as the case may be, ]

A. B. plaintiffs attorney, [if by an agent to the solicitor, etcetera, immediately retained add] by G. H. bis agent.

Entered or filed of record (as the case may require), this day of in the year of the reign of

[officer's name.]

No. 3.

The like form for the defendant's, mutatis mutandis.

. the court of [insert the name of the court,

as before].

Middlesex. 7 I. K. is retained to defend by E. F. as his *

To wit. 3 at the suit of A. B.

I. K. defendant's [if by an agent

add] by L M. agent.

Entered or filed of record, this day of

in the year of the reign of

[officer's name; ]

Vei. XXXV

No. 4,

.

CC

S

/

annavicesimo quinto Georgii III C 8 r. [1785. No. 4.

Form of the memorandum or minute of a cognovit adionem, or warrant of attorney to enter up or acknowledge judgement, in the respective courts referred to by this act.

IN the court of [insert the name of the

court, as before],

Middlesex, 7 A. B. is retained to enter up judgement on 0 cognovit To wit. J adionem, (or warrant of attorney to acknowledge judgement, as the case may require), dated on the day of at the Juit of C D. against E. F.

A. B. attorney, (if by an agent, add\by G. H. bis agent.

Entered ox filed of record, as the case may require), this day of in the % year of the reign

of

[officer's name.]

Preamble.

From Jan. 1, 1786, no tobacco but from America, (except of the growth of Spain or Portugal or of Ireland), to be imported into Great Britain.

CAP. LXXXI

/

An act for the better securing the duties payable on tobacco.

Wr HE RE AS the many regulations already provided by law to prevent the fraudulent and clandefiine importation of tobacco into the kingdom of Great Britain, and to prevent the relanding of the same within the said kingdom, after it has been hipped for exportation, or exported from the said kingdom, have been found ineffectual: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ienacted; and be enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no tobacco whatsoever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain (except tobacco of the growth, production, or manu facture of the plantations or dominions of Spain ox Portugal, imported respectively in the manner, and under the restrictions and regulations, and paying the same duties, which such tobacco was subject and liable to by all and every ad and acts of parliament in force at the time of making this present act; and except tobacco of the growth of Ireland, imported as by law allowed before the making of this act), other than from some port or place within his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or from some port or place within the United States of America, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the package containing the same, and also the ship or vessel on board or in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

II And

Anno Vicdiiptji quinto Georgii III C ?fr. 387

II And be it further enacted, That no tobacco*whatsoever Restrictions shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any port on importati or place whatsoever within his majesty's laid coionics, plantai tions, islands, or territories in America, or, from and after tl^e ca first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, from any port or place whatsoever within the said United States of America, in any ship or vessel of less burden than seventy tonnes, and which ship or vessel is either britifi) built, or belonging to the United States of America, and navigated in manner following; that is to say. If a British built ship, with the master and three fourths of the mariners British, and if belonging to the said United States of America, with the master and three fourths of the mariners belonging to the said United States; and no tobacco, other than of the growth or production of his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, pr territories in America, or of the growth or production of the, said United States of America, shall be so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, nd shall not be so imported other than directly from some port or place in his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or in the said united States of America, respectively, and into some one or other of the ports or places herein after mentioned in Great ' Britain; that is to say, London, Bristol, Liverpool', Lancaster,

Cowes, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, and Greenock, and no other, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the casks and package containing the same : provided nevertheless. That American to if any tobacco of the growth or produce of the said United baccoimport* States of America shall, in the fair and lawful way of barter or f^othewe^ traffic between the people of those states and the people of his India islands, majesty's islands in the West Indies, or of his majesty's colonies may be front or plantations in America, be imported or brought from the thence im* said United States into any of the said islands or plantations, i n ^eafg^itairii a british built ship so navigated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to export from the said islands in the West Indies the same tobacco, and to import itxdirectly from thence into some one or other of the said respective ports herein before enumerated in Great Britain, in a british built ship or vessel of a burden not less than seventy tonnes, and so navigated as before directed, upon the same duties, and on the same terms in every respect, as tobacco is allowed to be imported into Great Britain directly from some port or place in his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or diredfly from some port or place in the said United States of America; provided such tobacco shall be accompanied with the like documents, and shall in every respect come under the several restrictions and regulations herein after directed and required by this at for tobacco foto be imported into Great Britain as aforesaid directly, either from his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or from the said United States of Amerifa $ and provided, in the manifest or manifef s,

C C z or

Go

-388 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C t. {179$.

or content or contents in writings, accompanying into Great Britain such tobacco so imported from the said United States as aforesaid into the said islands in the Weji Indies, or the said cor ionics or plantations in North America, and afterwards imported into Great Britain as aforesaid from thence, the, name or names of the several and respective vessels which shall have so import * such tobacco from the said United States into those islands, coionics, or plantations respectively, and the name or names of the several and respective matters of those several and respective ships, shall be particularly set forth and specified,,

tobacco III And be it further enacted, That no tobacco shall be foto be import as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise calk^&c t*lan n hog(heads, casks, chests, or cases, each hogshead, calk, containing chest, or case whereof shall contain four hundred and fifty 450 pounds pounds weight net of tobacco, at the lead, not packed in bags, * weight. or in any other packages, within such hogshead, cask, chest, or case, nor separated or divided, within such hogshead, cask, chest, or case, respectively, by any package, or otherwise howsoever, upon forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be so imported contrary to this atogether with the hogftieads, calks,

- chests, cases, or other package containing the same; and the

matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit.treble the value of the said tobacco so forfeited as aforesaid.

IV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Tobacco may declared, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed loofefor^he t0 exten^ t0 any tobacco imported or brought loose in

use of the sea any or vel for the use of the seamen then belonging to men, cat or on board the said ship or vessel, or for the use of the paflen the rate of five gers on board such ship or vessel, not exceeding five pounds pounds each. wejgfit for each person'

quanti V Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing ties of tobac n this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent board^vessel ev^ence rom being received, in any suit or information brought without the for the forfeiture of any vessel, for or on account of any tobacco knowledge of imported or brought into Great Britain in such ship or vessel, the matter, jn order to (hew, from the smallness of the quantity of the tqbacco, and other circumstances of the case, that the said tobacco was on board such ship or vessel without the knowledge and privity of the owner, or of the matter, or other person having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, matter, or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel; and in every such case, where proof shall be made, from the smallness of the quantity of tobacco, and other circumstances, that such small quantity was on board without the knowledge, privity, orconsent, either of the hwner, or the matter, or other person having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of rea tenable care, either in theowner* or in the matter or other person

her liable to forfeiture.

i£8$.j Anno vicesimo qdnto georgii IIL C 8r.' 389

fonr having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, then and in every such case, such ship or vessel shall not be forfeited for or on account of such fmali quantity of tobacco.

VIAND be it further enacted, That when any ship or vef Officers of the fel whatsoever shall have taken on board tobacco, at any port customs in or place whatsoever within his majesty's coionics, plantations, ^^e^to^be islands, or territories in America, in order to convey the same master on from thence into Great Britain, the collector and comptroller, clearing a ma and two other chief officers employed in the management of nifest, and the customs, at such port or other place where such ship or vef dupfirate^o fel shall have taken on board tobacco, shall, at and upon the the commis clearing of every such ship or vessel by the proper officers of fioners of the the customs .appointed for that purpose, deliver to the master, customs in or other person having or taking the charge or command of Great Britain, such ship or vessel, a manifest or content in writing, under their hands and seals of office, which said manifest or content shall contain the name of the port or place where such tobacco, in such manifest or content mentioned, shall have been so taken on board, the name of the ship or vessel so taking the same on board, and the tonnage thereof, and a true account of all the tobacco so laden on board such ship or vessel, with the number of hogsheads, casks, chests, and cases qontaining the same, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each particular hogftiead, caik, chest, and case, together with the marks and numbers seton each and every hogftiead, calk, chest, or case thereof, with the care of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case in which such tobacco shall be contained; which said particular weight of the tobacco and tare, respectively, shall also be marked on each and every such hogftiead, ca(k, chest, or case respectively; and such officers as aforesaid shall also, at and upon the clearing of every such ship or vessel as aforesaid, immediately transmit a duplicate or duplicates of such manifest or content to the respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain; and if any colleger, comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the customs, at any such port or place, shall, at and upon the clearing of any such ship or vessel having tobacco on board as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to deliver to the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, such manifest or content as is hereinbefore directed, or shall not as herein before directed, transmit a duplicate or duplicates of such manifest or content to the said respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain respectively as aforesaid, he or they shall respechvely forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds; or if Penalties on such eolle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer or officers, ncgle&of shall knowingly deliver a false or fictitious manifest or content, duplicate of pr transmit a false or fictitious duplicate or duplicates of any manifest, and manifest or content, contrary to the true intent and meaning of on delivery this act, he or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every r tra"r, nif* such offence so committed, the sum of five hundred pounds; 0n|!#otatafc and every such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer or ' C C 3 officers.

39<* Anna vicfcfimo quinta Georgii III C 8 i. [17-85!

officers, upon being duly convidfed of knowingly delivering ar. false or fidhtious manifest or content, or transmitting a false or fictitious duplicate or duplicates, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and .s lose his employment, and from thenceforth be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any place or trust whatsoever.

No tobacco of VII And be it further enabled. That no tobacco of the the growth of growth or production of the United States of America, except ftateftote030 to^acco as be water born before the said first day of imported January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty ftx, shall be without a ma imported or brought into Great Britain from the said United nifeft sworn States, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless the matter, or.

ol^er perf°n having or taking the charge or command of every vessel. ship or vessel importing such tobacco, shall have on board a

manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, made out and signed by such matter or other person, on or before the clearing of every such ship or vessel, at all and each and every of the ports or places within the said United States where such tobacco shall be laden on board, containing the name or names of the several and respective ports or places where the tobacco in such manifest or manifests, or content or contents mentioned, shall have been so respectively laden on board, the name of the hip or vessel in which the tobacco shall be so laden, and the tonnage thereof, with the several other particulars before diredfed and required by this act to be delivered by the collector and comptroller, or two other chief officers of his majesty's customs, at the ports or places in his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, to the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any hip or vessel cleared out from thence laden with tobacco, to be imported from thence into Great Britain as aforesaid; upon which said manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, foto accompany tobacco imported into Great Britain from the said United States, there shall be endorsed the oath of the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel so laden as aforesaid with tobacco in the said United States, testifying the truth thereof, and sworn to by the said matter or other person, on or before the clearing as aforesaid of such ship or vessel in the said United States, before the British consul, if there shall be any one then resident at or near to the port or place where such tobacco shall be so laden, or before some magistrate or public officer residing at or near to such place, if there be not any British consul here.

Penalty on VIII And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco shall' important imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britainin any withoutama or vee whatsoever, from any port or place within his nifeft. majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America,

or from any port or place within the United States of America without such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as before directed, all such tobacco so imported or brought into Great brit^iny shall be fuhjeft and. liable to the

fam$

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 81. 391

same duties as tobacco of the growth of the Spanish or portuguese plantations; and the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX And be it further enacted. That every matter, or other Manifefttobe person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or produced to vessel, in which any tobacco shall be so imported or brought as c^ftoms°ofthe aforesaid into any of the several and respective ports in Great lt Britain herein before enumerated, either from any port or place where a ship Within his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or terri arrives, tories in America, or from any port or place within the said"

United States of America, shall, upon demand, produce all and every such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, which such matter or other person is before directed and required by this a to have on board his said ship or vessel, to all and every officer and officers of his majesty's customs who shall come on board his said ship or vessel, upon the arrival of such ship or vessel 3s aforesaid within the limits of any such port, for his or their perusal, examination, and inspection thereof; which said several officers, to whom the same shall have been so produced, shall certify, upon the back thereof, the production of the same; and the said matter, or other person so.

having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall not only produce to the officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall first come on board such ship or vessel, upon her arrival as aforesaid within any of the said ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing as aforesaid, but shall give and deliver to him or them a true copy or copiesofma copies thereof (such copy or copies to be provided by and at to be the expense of the said master or other person;; production officerofthe of which said manifest or manifests, or content or contents in customs, in writing, and the receipt of such copy or copies thereof as before order to be directed, shall be certified by the said officer or officers of his entered at the majesty's customs, who shall so first as aforesaid come on board the said ship or vessel, to have been so delivered as aforesaid, upon the back of the said original manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, with the particular day, and the time when, such officer or officers so received the same; and such officer or officers is and are hereby required, at the next customhouse to the place where he or they shall have so received the said copy or copies of such manifest or manifests, or. - «

content or contents in writing as aforesaid, within twenty-four hours after the time he or they shall have so received the same, to make an entry thereof, or cause the same to be entered, in a book to be kept for that purpose at the several and respective customhouses at the said several and respective ports in Great Britain, where such tobacco as aforesaid is permitted to be imported and brought; and after the same shall have been fp en Copy after tered as aforesaid, the said officer or officers who shall have so transmuted to entered, or caused the same to be entered in the said book a the commis

C C 4 aforesaid, fioners of cuf

39?- Aiina vm&tm quinto Georgii III c.si. [1785^

toms, and the aforesaid, (Kail forthwith transmit, or cause to be transmitted, officer to lock the said copy or copies of the said manifest or manifests, or

down the -- -- - - - - V _ . r n .'tr*

hatchway 8.

Penalty on not produc

content or contents in writing, to the said respective commifls oners of his majesty's customs in Great Britain, and such officer or officers who shall have so received such copy or copies shall, s^nd is and are hereby required to batten and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of stowage in such ship or vessel, and the matter or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, and is, hereby required to assist, or cause to be assisted, the said officer or officers of his majesty's customs, by a (efficient number of the crew of such ship or vessel, in the battening and locking down the said hatchway or hatchways.

X And be it further enacted, That if the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship

copietof mox ve^ m which any such tobacco shall be so imported or pifefts to the brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall not produce such officers of the manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing to each customs, and and every the officer and officers of his majesty's customs as affifhn lock aforesaid, upon demand thereof and also give such copy or co ing down the pies thereof as aforesaid to the officer or officers of his majesty's hatchways, customs, who shall first come on board such ship or vessel upon her arrival as aforesaid, within any of the said ports in Ghat Britain herein before enumerated, all the tobacco on board such ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be tobacco imported Cr brought into Great Britain without a manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as before directed, and shall be subject and liable to the same duties as tobacco of the growth of the Spanish or Portuguese plantations; and the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and such master or other person, if he shall not aid and assist, or cause to be aided and assisted, the officer or officers of the customs as aforesaid, in battening and locking down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of stowage as aforesaid, such master or other person shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XI And be it further enacted, That if any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall go on board any ship or vessel, in which any tobacco shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall not demand, as aforesaid, the

ynaiufefts, etc, production of the manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing as aforesaid; or in case, upon production thereof, such officer or officers shall not certify thereupon the production thereof as aforesaid; or if any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, who shall first go on board such ship or vessel within the port of discharge for any such tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, and to whom such mapifeft or manifests, or content or contents in writing, shall have been so produced, and a copy or Copies thereof given or delivered as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to certify the receipt

r Of

Penalty on officers neglecting to require the pro duction of

x7$5»] Anno vi&fimo quinto Georgii III c#8r. 393

of such copy or copies in the manner herein before directed, or shall not, within twenty-four hours after the time of receiving such copy or copies as aforesaid, (unless prevented by some unavoidable accident or reasonable cause) enter, or cause to be entered, such copy or copies in the book so directed to be kept for that purpose as aforesaid, or shall not transmit the said copy or copies with all convenient speed, and without loss of time, to the said respective commissioners of his majesty's customs iix Great Britain, as herein before is directed, or shall neglect or omit to batten and lock down the hatchway and hatchways 3s aforesaid, such officer or officers shall, for each and every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XII And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of Commission ' majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them r of customs for the time being, shall, and are hereby required to six and ap a

point, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time mooring continued, at each and every of the respective ports in England ships, till their hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, London, Bristol, Liver cargoes are pooly Lancaster, Cowes, Whitehaven, and Hull, a certain place for de lvere * the purpose of mooring every ship or vessel, which shall so as aforesaid come or arrive within any of those respective ports, laden with tobacco as aforesaid 5 from which place such respective ships or vessels shall not, on any pretence' whatsoever, depart, until their respective cargoes of tobacco shall have been delivered from them in the manner herein after mentioned, and until such ships or vessels shall be regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the customs for that purpose; and the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby in like manner authorised and required to six and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time continued, at each and every of the said respective ports in Scotland herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, Greenock or Port Glafgowy a certain place for the purpose of mooring such ships or vessels as shall come to or arrive at any of the said respective ports in Scotland herein before enumerated; from which place such respective ships or vessels shall not on any pretence whatsoever, depart, until their respective cargoes of tobacco shall have been delivered from them in the manner herein after mentioned, and until such ships or vessels shall have been regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the customs for that purpose;; if the master of any ship Penalty on or vessel, having such tobacco on board as aforesaid, upon her nonc^p^j, e arrival at any of the before mentioned ports in England or Scot reflations of land respectively, shall not forthwith comply with all and every the commis the directions, requisitions, and regulations, given, required, fionera of the fixed upon, or appointed by the said respective commissioners customa* of the customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the commissioners of the customs, or any three r more of them for the time being, in Scotland, by virtue and in pursuance of the authority herein before given, and the tv. power

394

Penalty on

tjiority from the officer of the customs, unless from necessity.

Affho vic€fim6qulnt6ge<)rgii!n. C 8i.' [178^ povrdr veiled in such commifliotilrs respectively, in order to secure the due payment of the duties upon the tobacco foto be imported or brought into Great Britain, such mailer, or Other person having the charge or command of such .ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, unless, in the judgement of the said commissioners, such mailer or other person fltall be prevented from such compliance by means of any unforeseen or unavoidable accident.

XIII And be it further enabled, That if, after the arrival breaking bulk of any ship or vessel so laden with tobacco as aforesaid within without au the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, bulk shall be broken, or any part of the cargo of such ship or vessel shall be unladed or unihipped, with intention to be laid on land, or unshipped for any other purpose whatsoever, out of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, within the limits or distance aforesaid, before such ship or vessel shall come to the place appointed for her discharge, as before direct ed, and shall be there duly authorised by the proper officer or officers of the customs to unlade the same (unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, or other unavoidable accident, necessity, or distress; of which necessity and distress, or other. unavoidable accident,, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice; and the said mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with two or more of the mariners on board such ship or vessel, shall make proof upon oath, before the colle6lor, or other chief officer of the customs of the port within the Jimits of y^hich such accident, necessity, or distress shall happen, or before the collector, or other chief officer of the first port in Great'britain within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall afterwards arrive, if the said accident, necessity, or distress, shall have happened not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, (which oath the said collector, or other chief officer, is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such ship or vessel, together with her cargo, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and the said mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; or if the fastenings or locks to the hatchway or hatchways on board any such ship or vessel, or any of them, after having been so battened and locked down as aforesaid by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs as aforesaid, shall be broken before the

Penalty on

linfaftenin? 1, 18 ivldjc, L V a tuuull, a aiuicnuu, uicm uc uiua.ch uciuic me. locks without said ship's arrival at her moorings as aforesaid, or before the authority. same shall have been opened under the authority of the proper officer or officers of the customs as aforesaid, unless upon the like proof as before mentioned of the unavoidable necessity thereof, made in the manner before directed in case of bulk being broken, or any part of the cargo unladen or unihipped as aforesaid,, matter, or other person having or .taking the charges

or

Goo

\

Anno Vicdfimd quinto Georgii III C 8 u 39^

or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum Of one hundred pounds.

XIV And be it further enacted? That the mailer, or other Master of vef person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or fel to make. vessel, in which such tobacco shall be so imported or brought as oat^otthe aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, on or before the arrival of burden, con such ship or vessel at her moorings as aforesaid, at any one of the tents, etc. said respective ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, thereof, be make a just and true entry, upon oath, of the burden, con officerofthe tents, and lacting, of such ship or vessel, with the particular customs at the marks, numbers, qualities, and contents, of every parcel of port agreeable goods then laden on board such ship or vessel, to the best of his to act 1 Eliz, knowledge and belief, and do and perform every at and thing and 14 Car. in relation thereto, before the customer, collector, or other CII on * chief officer of the customs of the said port, openly in the cuf penalty of tom house at the same port, in the manner and as directed and i0°h; and to required by an act passed'in the first year of the reign of her late ^anlfett lin majesty Queen Elizabeth, entitled, An act for limiting the times dcr like pc for laying on land merchandise from beyond the seas and touching nalty for neg* customs for sweet wines; and by an act passed in the thirteenth left.. and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his majesty s customs, under the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the said master or other person shall, at the time that he so makes his report or said entry upon oath of his ship at the customhouse as aforesaid, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the / said port, the manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as before directed to accompany such respective cargoes, and to be on board every ship or vessel in which tobacco shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain * and if the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall omit, neg or refuse, to deliver such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing as aforesaid, to the said collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the time he so makes his said report or entry upon oath of his ship at the customhouse as aforesaid, every such master, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum one of hundred pounds.

XV And be it further enacted, That all and every importer Importers of or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or con tobacco to fignees, of any tobacco imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall several ly and respectively, within ten days, mitedtime if the whole or the major part of the lading of the ship or vef after arrival fel in which the same shall be so imported or brought be to at any port bacco, or within fifteen days, if the major part of the lading the

of such ship or vessel shall consist of other goods, and not of quantity, etc. tobacco, after the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall have or ought to have made his report or said entry upon oath of his ship, in.. manner

fr

and if duties are not forthwith paid, to give bond for payment.

Tabacco imported to be deposited in warehouses to be fixed upon by the commimpn ers of the customs.

Anno vi&fimo quinto Georgii tu.‘ a 81, [r 785*

manner hereinbefore directed, make, in the usual and accus toaied manner, with the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain where the said ship or vessel shall arrive so laden in the whole or in part with tobacco as aforesaid, a due entry in writing of all the tohaceo so by them, and each and every of them, respectively imported in such ship or vessel, pr of which they, and each and every of them, are the importers, proprietors, and cpnfignpes, respectively* agreeably to the several and respective marks, numbers, and: contents, as specified in the manifest or manifests, content or contents in writing, relative to such respective tobacco, and also agreeably to the particulars set forth in the said report, or said entry upon oath, of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco shall be so as aforesaid respectively imported or brought int Great Britain; and the said respective importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, immediately after they have respectively so duly entered their said tobacco as aforesaid, with the said collector or other chief officer of the customs as aforesaid, provided he or they do not respectively forthwith pay into the hands of the collector, or other chief officers the customs, the several subsidies, customs, duties, and imports, due and payable for the said tobacco, shall, and are hereby directed and required, several ly and respectively, to become bound unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in one or more bond or bonds, in the penalty of double the amount of the duties upon the tobacco so entered as aforesaid, for payment of the said subsidies, customs, duties, and imports, within eighteen months, to commence at and from the expiration of twenty days after the report or said entry upon oath of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco shall be form ported or brought as aforesaid, or to commence from the said entry of such tobacco respectively, by the several and respective importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof as aforesaid, within those twenty days, which ever period of time shall first happen 5 which bond or bonds shall not be given up, cancelled, or difgharged, but upon payment of the respective duties by such bond or bonds so secured to be paid, or upon the due exportation of the tobacco, for the payment of the duties upon which such bond or bonds are respectively given, under the reftriflions and regulations herein after directed.

XVI And be it further enacted. That all tobacco which shall from time to time be so imported as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, upon being landed, be forthwith (jarried and conveyed to, and having been examined, weighed, and dealt with in the manner herein after directed, be forthwith deposited or lodged in, and secured at such particular warehouse or warehouses as shall be fixed upon, and from time to time appointed for that purpose, at the said several ports herein before enumerate within. Great Britain, by.the said commissioners of the V customs

/

1785.] Annq vicfefitno quinto Georgii III C 8 r. 397

customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the said commissioners of the customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, refpedtiyely; and to which said respective warehouses, and no other, tobacco, upon being so landed as aforesaid, shall be carried or conveyed as aforesaid, under theguard and especial care of such officer or officers of the customs as shall from time to time be fixed upon and appointed for that purpose, under the authority of the said commissioners of the customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the said commissioners of the customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, respectively..

XVII And be it further enabled, That the said commifli* Commiflioo

oners of the customs, or any four or more of them for the ^arehouses C time being in England, and the said commissioners of the cuf out of duties toms, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scot ou tobacco. land, respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered, out of t

any of the subsidies, customs, duties, or imports, paid by virtue or in pursuance of any actor acts of parliament now in

force, upon the importation of tobacco into Great Britain, to provide from time tp time, as they hall deem requisite and northeast ceflkry for the public fervrce, and for the service of revenue, a warehouse or warehouses at each and every of the said respective enumerated ports; in which warehouse or warehouses, and no other, all such tobacco, so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, shall be so deposited, or lodged and secured as aforesaid.

XVIII And be it further enabled. That the landing waiters Landing wa?. appointed for the delivery of every ship or vessel so arriving as ters to apply aforesaid at any of the several ports in Great Britain herein before tors for the enumerated, from any port or place within his said majesty's entries of im coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, in America, or from ported tobac the said United States of America, having tobacco on board, shall, £0, and not upon being so appointed to such ship or vessel as aforesaid, ap be landevtill ply in the usual manner to the collector of the customs at such they have en port for the usual entry or entries made of such tobacco, or war tered the par rant or warrants of entry, ascertaining the duties upon such to ticulars in bacco either to have been paid or secured, and for the manifest o^^ena^tv of or manifests, or content or contents in writing, accompanying 50ip y tbe/aid tobacco, (who is hereby required and directed to deliver

the same to such landing waiters); and such landing waiters are hereby directed and required not to suffer any part of the tobacco on board such ship or vessel to be landed until they have, from and agreeably to the manifest or manifests, or cdntent or Contents in writing, so delivered to them by the said coliedtof, entered into their respective books (given to them by the directions of the commissioners of his majesty's customs, for keeping accounts of goods by them delivered, or suffered to be delivered, from on board such ships) the several and respective entries so made as aforesaid, and the several and respective marks, numbers, weights, taxes, and contents, of the several hogsheads,

casks.

*39^ Mmo vicesimoquirito georgii lit; €* Ht* [ijtfc

calks, chests, and Cases, as described and set forth in the man? fed or manifeftsy or content or contents in writing, so directed Landing wai as aforesaid, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fifty pounds; thesufuai1v er an thefaicl landing waiters are hereby directed and required to mit tou?he Cr" 8^ve or deliver to such officer or officers of his majesty's cuftbms officers on as shall be appointed for that purpose by the said commissioners board for the of his majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in eng delivery of land for the time being, or the commissioners of his majesty's any o acco. customs so Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, respectively, the usual and accustomed order or orders to the officers stationed on board such ship or vessel, permitting them to suffer such particular hogsheads or other packages of tobacco on board such ship or vessel, particularly described in such said order or orders, to be delivered from on board such.. or vessel, in the usual and accustomed manner $ and such

Regulations officer or officers of his majesty's customs, to whom such order for delivery, or orders shall be so delivered as aforesaid, from such landing waiters as aforesaid, shall forthwith repair on board such ship or vessel, and in the presence of the officers then stationed on board, and in the presence likewise of the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, if such master or other person be then on board, and thinks proper or chooses to attend, upon being acquainted therewith by the said officer or officers, open the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of stowage as aforesaid in such, ship or vessel, and bring, or cause to be brought upon the deck of such ship or vessel, the several hogsheads or other packages of tobacco on board such ship or vessel, particularly mentioned and described in such order or orders so delivered to them as aforesaid by the landing waiters, and affix, or cause to be affixed, to ea6h and every such hogshead, ca(k, chess, or case of tobacco, such mark or impression as the said t commissioners of the customs for the time being, in Great Brit

tain, respectively, shall direct for that purpose, with the pron

greffive number to each and every such hogflhead, cask, chest, or case; and after the said several hogsheads, calks, chests, andi cases of tobacco have had such mark or impression so affixed to them respectively as aforesaid, the same is and are hereby di reed and required to be unlhipped into proper craft, and sent up under proper guards, and landed in the usual manner, and and for con at the usual places, and to be conducted forthwith under proper ▼eying* the guard, and the care of such officers as the said respective com the ware *0 missioners of his majesty's customs in Great Britain shall re houses. fpedtively appoint for that purpose, to the respective warehouse or warehouses in which the same tobacco is to be so deposited; Landing wai or lodged in and secured as aforesaid;; the said landing waiters to fix ers so appointed as aforesaid to such respective ship or vessel, on each^afe, 3 and are hereby required, upon the respective hogftieads,

etc. and enter casks, chests, or cases of tobacco being so brought as aforesaid the same in to the said respective warehouse or warehouses, and at or near

their books, tke same to cause the usual and accustomed landing marks, or on penalty of & such

1785.} Anno vicesimo quiffto Georgii III C 8 r. .399

inch other landing marks as shall be from time to time directed by the said respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain as aforesaid, to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, cask, chest, or case whatsoever, containing such tobacco so landed as aforesaid 5 and the said landing waiters are hereby also" " to enter such landing, marks in their several and respective books so given to them as aforesaid from the said respective commissioners of the customs, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds each; and the said landing waiters at or near to Landing wa? the said warehouse or warehouses are then to weigh, or cause to t£rs to weigh be weighed, the said several and respective hogsheads, calks, the tofeacco* cherts, or cases, and to insert as usual the several and respective weights in their said respective books; and, in order to prevent disputes between the officers who shall attend the weighing of such tobacco as aforesaid, and the importers, proprietors or consignees in regard to the jurtice of the weights to be taken, it is hereby directed, that the weights shall be as minutely and correctly taken as possible, giving the turn of the scale in favour of the crown; but in lieu thereof, and that the merchant may not be aggrieved, the said officers of the customs are hereby authorised and required to allow to the merchant two pounds Allowance la weight avoirdupois upon every hogshead, ca(k, chest, or case so lieu of the respectively weighed; which mode, in regard to the turn of the scale.°f ^ scale, is hereby directed and required to be observed particularly, and followed in weighing tobacco for exportation to foreign parts, or on delivery thereof for home trade, as hereinafter mentioned.

XIX And be it further enacted, That after the said hogs Samples may heads, calks, cherts, or cases, have been so weighed as afore tobacco said, the several importers, proprietors, or consignees, or their which has agents, shall be permitted, in the presence of the said respective been weighed, landing waiters, to draw or take, for the purpose of sample only, but must be out of each hogshead, calk, chest, or case, so weighed as afore retun*e<b said, as much tobacco as they shall respectively require, not exceeding four pounds weight; which said tobacco, so taken as, aforesaid by way of sample, shall be returned by the said importers, proprietors, or consignees, respectively, to be weighed together with the respective hogshead, ca(k, chest, or case, out of which such sample tobacco hath been so taken as aforesaid, upon the re weighing thereof respectively, either for exportation or for home trade.

XX And be it further enacted. That if it shall be found necessary by the said merchants to take a second sample of tobacco, take^under it shall be lawful for them foto do, provided, at the time of the same retaking it, the first be returned and put into the respective hogs ftridions, on head, cask, chest, or case, out of which it was taken, and proof, the vided such second sample be taken in the presence of the officer or officers of the customs in whose custody the tobacco shall then be, and provided such second sample shall not exceed four pounds weight; which said second sample is hereby directed and

e required

d Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL g 8i. Xl7$5*

required to be returned in order to be weighed, either for exportation or home trade as aforesaid -

wai XXL And be it further enabled, That the landing waiters terstotumifti before they proceed to weigh any of the tobacco so landed as kee^rsw?th af°re^a^> tliall furnifti the officer or officers of the customs, copies of the who shall be appointed to the care of the respective warehouse entries, etc. or warehouses in which the said tobacco is to be so lodged as aforesaid, and in whose custody such tobacco is to be so deposited as aforesaid, with a copy of the several and respective entries, or warrants of entry, for such respective tobacco, - and each and every day after they have so weighed any of the same. tobacco, likewise furnish such officer or officers with the landing numbers and weights of each refpe<stive hogshead, cask, chest, or case, so respectively weighed on that day, which the said warehouse officer or officers are hereby directed to enter, or cause to be entered, in proper books to be kept for that purpose; and as soon as the whole cargo of tobacco of any one re and with a fpe&ive ship shall have been so landed, weighed, and deposited cheque book in such warehouse or warehouses respectively as aforesaid, the when the landing waiters appointed to such ship or vessel shall forthwith is demjfhech furn^ the warehouse officer or officers with one of their whichafter* said books so kept as aforesaid by him or them for the same examination ship; and the said warehouse officer or officers, after comparing is to be re the same with the accounts kept by him or them from the ma touielandingter^s with which he or they shall have been so furnished daily waiter. B as aforesaid by the said landing waiters, sign the lame book so left with them as aforesaid by the said landing waiters, if the said account of the said warehouse officer or officers shall be found in every respect to correspond therewith, and, sister so signing it, return the same to the same landing waiters.

Landing wai XXII And be it further enacted. That the said landing ters after the waiters shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the whole oftfie^cargo) carg° tobacco of any one respective ship or vessel shall have to deliver to been so landed, weighed, and deposited in such warehouse or the merchant warehouses respectively as aforesaid, deliver, without fee or re aa account of ward, to each merchant having tobacco on board such respec weights of the ^ve or ^ required, an account from their said books

hog(head, etc. f the particular marks and numbers upon the several hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases, containing such merchant's tobacco, respectively, with the particular weights of each such hogshead, cask, chest, or case, and the particulars of the damage cut off and separated from the tobacco in each such several and respective hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases.

Damaged to XXIII And be it further enabled. That no allowance, bacco to be cither at the scale, or otherwise, shall be made to the importer dutyvsrefu or *raportersj proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or con fed to be paid. fignees, for or in consideration of any such tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain being damaged or mean; but in case any merchant or other person shall refuse to enter, and pay or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then he or they

shall

t Anrid vicefirho quinto georgii lift 8 r. 4afc

shall have liberty to refofe the same, or to separate such damaged tobacco, by cutting off from the hogshead or other package so much thereof, ' as he or they shall reftife to.pay duty for; and the principal officers of his majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them shall cause all such tobacco to be burnt or destroyed, without making any allowance to such importer, proprietor, or consignee, for freight or other charges, other than the allowances hereafter in this a provided 5 any lav or custom to the contrary ftotwithstanding,

XXIV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared,

That it shall not be lawful for any merchant or other The stalk not person, nor shall they have liberty, to separate the stalk frotft *0 be feparat '* the leaf, on pretence that the same is damaged or nfream to f^fromthe bacco, V '

XXV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ift case Allowance fbr any tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as, afore ^ly^amaged* said shall happen to receive damage on board any ship or vessel, on hip board'* by stress of weather at sea, or any damage by any such ship or etc.

vessel being forced on shore in any part of Great Britain, or if any unforeseen accident shall happen, after the arrival of any ship or vessel within the port for discharging her tobacco iti Great Britaitiy by the ship's bulging on an anchor, or by the lighter into which the tobacco is put in order to be laid on land, or by any suchlike accident, whereby such tobacco shall receive damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners or colledlors, or other chief officers of his Majesty's customs, to allow and pay to the importer, proprietor, or consignee, at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of such tobacco for which the importer, proprietor, or consignee, shall refuse to pay or secure the full duties, and which shall be cut off or separated from the sound tobacco, in order to be burnt, or otherwise publicly destroyed, by the officers of his majesty^s customs, so as fuel) allowance shall not exceed thirty Shillings for all the tobacco damaged in any one Tingle hogftiead, calk chest, or case imported; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithft^nding. V

* XXVI Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and Regulations enabled, That if, upon the landing and examination of any un and e portln^ manufactured tobacco so imported into Great Britain as afore the sound part said, it shall appear that the tobacco in any of the hogsheads, of damaged calks, chests, or cases containing the same, is so much damag tobacco, ed, that by cutting off the damaged part thereof (for which no duty is to be paid), the sound tobacco remaining in any of such hogsheads, ca(ks, chests, or cases (for which duty is to be paid) is under the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, then, and., in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, in the presence of the landing waiters appointed to deliver the ship in which the same was imported, to cause all such sound tobacco to be put together into one or more of the same hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases, out of whrch the demaged Vol. XXXV D d tobacco

402

Regulations on entry of tobacco for exportation.

\ i

Anno vicesimo qutnto Georgii III C i. [1785.

tobacco was taken; and the said landing waiters, or other proper officers, are hereby direfled and required to enter into their respective bo6ks the true and exact weight of all such sound tobacco put into each and every such hog (head, case, chest, or case, with the several and respective marks and numbers seton each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, and also to note andfpecify in their books that such hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases were packed and re filled in their presence; and all and every such hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases, of unmanufactured tobacco, shall and may be exported from the warehouse or warehouses into which the same shall have been so respectively lodged or deposited, and secured as aforesaid, provided the quantity of the tobacco in each such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, in the same manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as if the package of such tobacco had not been altered; anything herein before contained to the contrary riot withstanding.

XXVII And be it further enacted. That all and every person and persons who shall enter, at any of the several ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, any such tobacco, in order to be Ihipped and exported, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, to any part or parts beyond the seas, shall, at or near to the warehouse or warehouses in which such tobacco shall have been so as aforesaid lodged or deposited, and secured as aforesaid, and before the same, or any part thereof, is finally discharged from the custody of the officer or officers of the said re fpedfcive warehouse or warehouses, in order to be laden on board any ship or vessel to be so exported, endorse upon the cocquet and bill to be delivered to the searcher or searchers belonging to the customs, and appointed to examine tobacco Ihipped for exportation, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, the plantation or manifest mark and number which was upon each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, at the time when the same was.first imported into Great Britain, and also the landing marks and numbers which were placed and set upon each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case thereof, when the same was first landed in Great Britain, together with the exact weight of the tobacco contained in each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, at the time of its being landed in Great Britain; and likewise endorse upon the same cocquet and bill, after weighing, in the presence of the officer or officers of the customs appointed to that business by the respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain for the time being respectively, the tobacco so entered for exportation, the then weight of the tobacco contained in each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case at the time it is so weighed for exportation; and the searcher or searchers shall not admit any cocquet unless marked as aforesaid; and all and every exporter and exporters of tobacco shall also write off, and they are hereby required and directed to write off the weight of each hogshead,

1785*3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 81.' ' 403

head, cask, chest, or case of unmanufactured tobacco by him her, or them exported from any port as aforesaid of Great bri tain, to any part or parts beyond the Teas, from the identical and particular entry made of each and every such hogshead cask, chest, or case of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was first imported into Great Britain; and if any person or persons whatsoever, who shall enter outwards for exportation, to any part or parts beyond the seas, from any port or place in Great Britain, any such unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to endorse upon the cocquet and bill for the said tobacco, delivered to the searchers, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, all and each and every of the several and respective marks, numbers, and weights herein before mentioned and described, and in the manner and form the same is hereby required and directed to be done, or who shall neglect or refuse to write off the weight of each and every hogshead, cask, chest or case of unmanufactured tobacco by him, her, or them exported, from the identical entry made thereof, at the time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, agreeable to the directions herein before given for that purpose; all and each and every such .person or persons, so offending in either one or other of those particulars, shall forfeit and lose the sum of five Penalty oii pounds for every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of such unma neglect. nufadured tobacco not endorsed upon the said cocquet and bill as aforesaid, or the weight of which shall not be so respectively Written off in manner herein before directed; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Bifcount to importer or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given security as be allowed oil aforesaid for the payment of the said duties in eighteen months, payte?*fof shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part become thereof, in ready money, sooner than the expiration of the said due. eighteen months, he shall, be abated, upon such bond or bonds,

so much as the discount, at the rate of seven poundsper^centum per annum, shall amount to in proportion to the rhyme uoexpired*

XXIX And be it further enacted That no debenture shall No manufac

be made forth for any tobacco To imported as aforesaid into be ex^orr* Great, Britain, or any drawback be paid or allowed for the same, buttn the

when exported, or entered outwards for exportation, to any same pack part or parts beyond the seas, unless the same, and every part ages, and fro ox thereof, be shipped and exported from the very same port or

place at which such identical tobacco was originally imported ^hghiailylm into Great Britain, and no other; and unless the same identical ported, tobacco, if unmanufactured, and every parr thereof, be shipped and exported in the original package, with the same marks in and with which it was at first imported into Great Britain, together with the landing mark herein before required to be placed and fet thereupon, and no other, without any alteration Whatsoever being made in the package (except such as shall be occasioned by necessary cooperage for the repairs of the said package), or any other tobacco being putjherein, or aay part D d 2 of

C 3gle

4°4 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 8r. [1785.

of the tobacco being rertnoved or taken but of the package in which it was at first imported, (except such tobacco as shall have been so taken out for sample as before allowed, and directed to be so returned into such original package for exportation as aforesaid;; if any person or persons whatsoever shall enter any tobacco for exportation at any other port or place than that at which the same identical tobacco was imported, or in any * other calk or package (if unmanufactured tobacco) than the * same in which it was originally imported, or without the same marks, and the said landing marks, all such tobacco shall be Penalty. forfeited, and no drawback shall be paid thereupon; or if any be paid, the same shall be repaid, and the person who entered, or caused the same to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and whosoever shall knowingly export beyond the seas any hogshead, or other package of tobacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, he, (he, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such hogshead, or other package of tobacco so exported.

Before to XXX And be it further enacted, That when any such tobacco is taken bacco, so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be intended to be taken out of any warehouse, the bonded duties to be paid, and the vouchers thereof to be

housekeeper.

out of any such respecfive warehouse'or warehouses, for home trade, the person or persons who shall intend to take the same out of such warehouse or warehouses, whether such person or persons be the original importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, or the purchaser,, purchasers of such tobacco from such importer or importers, the war with propretor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, (hail, before such tobacco is taken out of such respective warehouse or warehouses, pay down in ready money, to the collector or other chief officer of his majesty's customs, at the respective port where such tobacco shall so be warehoused, the duties secured by bond or bonds, in manner before directed, for such respective tobacco, and shall produce to, and leave and deposit with, the officer or officers in whole cufiody such tobacco shall then be, a clear, distinct, and proper voucher or vouchers, from the collector or other chief officer of the customs (which said officer is hereby directed and required to grant the same, without fee or reward, to the person or persons who shall have so as aforesaid paid the duties for such tobacco, on his application to such officer for the same) directed to such officer or officers of the customs in whose custody such tobacco shall then be, ascertaining the duties to have been paid for such respective tobacco; and the said collector, or other chief officer of the customs, together with his comptroller, shall also, and is hereby dire died and required, without fee or reward, to grant to such person or persons, who shall have so paid the duties as aforesaid, a certificate Certificate of or certificates that the duties for such tobacco have been so paid, payment of describing therein by whom such duties were paid, and the duties to be t; me when, and in what ship or vessel, or ships or vessels, the w1 out same, and every part thereof, was respectively imported, arrd

e also

given

see.

1785]. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 81; 405

also the marks and numbers of the identical hogshead or hogsheads,

calks, chests, or cases, in which such tobacco shall be

contained, and describing also the name or names of the person

or persons to whom such tobacco shall be so sent, and the place

or places of his or their abode respectively, on pain of forfeiting

the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence; and the Warehouse

said warehouse officer or officers is and are hereby directed keeper to de

and required to deliver all the tobacco for which the duties shall liver tc??-cc° X on ccrtilicstc

have been so paid, to the person or persons so producing such and t0 enter 9

voucher or vouchers, and certificate or certificates as aforesaid; the same, and the same warehouse officer or officers is and are hereby directed and required to enter, in the books foto be kept by him or them as aforesaid, the particulars of such voucher or vouchers, and certificate or certificates as aforesaid, so as in such books clearly to show, and particularly describe, the discharge of such respective tobacco from his or their custody.

XXXI And be it further enacted, That no tobacco unma No unmanu nufadlured shall be removed, carried, or conveyed, by land or fa&ured toby water, from any port or place of importation as af°re- removed from said, within Great Britain, to any other port or place whatfo pjace t0 pjace ever, within Great Britain, or shall be removed from any one without cer place within or without such port or place of importation, to tificate, and

y any other place within or without the same port or place, within ori*sinal out a certificate from the collector, or other chief officer of the pacage * cgftoms, and the comptroller as aforesaid, and in the original package in which it was imported, preserving the same marks and numbers, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such to Penalty, bacco as shall be so carried or removed without such certificate, and the package containing the same as aforesaid, and also the horses and cattle, and carts, wagons, and other carriages whatsoever, employed or any way made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same.

XXXII And be it further enacted, That before any unma Regulations

nufadfured tobacco shall be removed, carried or conveyed, by for removal land or by water, as aforesaid, the proprietor, factor, or agent of tobacco thereof shall describe and insert, on the back of such certificate, ace *°

in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular pack 4

age in which such tobacco is contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exact weight of the tobacco contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same is to be delivered, and to which the same is to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person to whom, the tobacco is consigned; and such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate so granted, if going by land,

shall express the number of days it shall continue in force, and shall accompany the tobacco to such place to which the same is to be carried and conveyed; and upon its coming to such place, the person or persons receiving the same, or to whom the tod

d 3. bacco

40<? Anno vicesimo quuito Georgii III CI [1785,

bacco belongs, shall cause such certificate to be delivered to the chief officer of the customs, if any such there be; and in case there be no officer of the customs, then to the officer of excise of the division vyhereunto such goods are carried, and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, and if they agree therewith, the tobacco may be taken away and disposed of by the person or persons to whom of right they belong or appertain, and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate distinctly in a book by him to be kept for that purpose; and the officer of the customs or excise receiving such, certificate shall from time to time transmit the same to the officer now appointed, or the office or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, for keeping such accounts.

Regulations XXXIII And be it further enabled, .That all and every per tobeobferved son and persons who shall import any tobacco into Great Bri when any im tain from any of his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, ported to or territories in America, or from the United States of America, tehdedtobe 3rk* w n anyw^e manufacture the same, or any part inaoufac thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or

tured. cause or procure the same, or any part thereof, to be manufactured

for his, her, or their own account or accounts, by any other person or persons, shall (before the same, or any, part thereof, be manufactured by the importer or importers, or by, any other person or persons employed by the importer or importers, to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers) deliver, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver, to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the place or port where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation or manifest mark and number of every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the name of the ship or ships in which the same was or were imported, and the time when, and also the landing mark and number seton each hogshead, ca(k, chest, or case, ajt the time of their importation into Great Britain, and also the exact weight of the tobacco contained in each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, at the time of their being first landed in Great Britain, and the exact weight the same were, at the time of the delivery thereof to be manufactured; which account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is delivered to be manufactured, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, with their several and respective names and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against each and every particular ship in which the same was imported, the weight of each, particular hogshead, cask, chest, or case, contained in such account, of tobacco intended to be manufactured ' as

.

ITS.] Anno vicesimo quinto georgiiiii. C 8rj 407^

as aforesaid, in the very same manner and form as if the said tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any im Penalties on porter or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such ac nfg.!e<a.of count as aforesaid, at the time, and in such manner and form, fc^onntofthe in all respects, to all intents and purposes, as is herein before quantity, etc. dir&fted and required, or in case such account shall, at the time to be manu the same is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be fa&ured, or a false and fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, (he, or they, cotnuhereof* knowingly offending in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall 1 forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall knowingly be given; and the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known servant or agent, to (ign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogshead, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account, is knowingly given.

XXXIV And be it further enacted, That all and every When an im. person and persons who shall import any tobacco into Great porter sells Britain, from any of his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, tobacco, the or territories in America, or in the United States of America, who wfth re

shall sell the same, or any part thereof, to any person or persons fpectto de!! shall, within three days after the delivery thereof livery ofac out of his custody to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, or countsthereof their order, give and deliver to the collector, or other chief of on°xpor ficer of the customs, at the port or place where such tobacco tation, under was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation the same pe or manifest mark and number of every hogshead, calk, chest, nalties. or case of tobacco, so sold or delivered, with the name of the ship or ships in which the same was imported, and the timei when, and also the landing mark and number seton each hog (head, cask, chest, or case, at the time of their importation into Great Britain, and also the exa6t weight thereof at the time of their falls or delivery to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, which account shall be signed by such importer, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is sold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents with their several and respective names and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against each and every particular ship in which the same was imported, the weight of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco contained in such account, in the same manner and form as if the said tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such account as aforesaid, at th time, -

D d 4 y and

40$ Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 81. [1785.

And in such manner and form, in all respects, to all intents and purposes, as herein before directed and required, or in case such account shall, at the time the same is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be false or fraudulent, in any respect whatsoever, he, (he, or they, knowingly offending in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum'of thirty pounds for every hogshead or other package of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall be knowingly given; and the person or persons to whom or to whose order such tobacco shall have been sold or delivered, neglecting, by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their known servant or agent, to sign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of thirty

pounds for every such hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account, is knowingly given.

Second ptitv XXXV And be it further enacted. That the second pur manufatured Chaser any entre hogshead of unmanufactured tobacco shall tobacco in and maybe entitled to the benefit of a certificate on the. re hogsheads en moval of any such tobacco, or of any stalks shipped, or any filled to the snuff or manufactured tobacco made therefrom, by land or by cates cmre ater? n bke manner as certificates by this act are directed to moval as the be granted to the first purchaser from the importer; and that firstpurchafer. in all such certificates, foto be granted to such second purchaser of any entire hogshead or hogsheads of such tobacco, the name ofthp importer or importers, seller or sellers thereof, maybe omitted; provided that the seller to such second purchaser shall have delivered to the collector or other chief officer of the port where such tobacco shall have been imported, such and the like account as the importer or importers thereof are by this act required to give.

Manufactured XXXVI And be it further enacted, That no manufactured tobaccoabove tobacco, or tobacco stalks, exceeding six pounds weight, or weight^e bluff, exceeding six pounds weight, shall, in any form or man moved with ner whatsoever, be removed, carried, or conveyed, by land, or out certificate by water, from any port or place whatsoever in Great Britain, of the duties to any other port or place in Great Britain, or from any place paicms for? whatsoever within the same port or place, to any other place feited. within the same, unless in the manner herein after mentioned;

(that is to say), if it be tobacco stalks, or snuff, or other manufactured tobacco, which is to be carried by land or by water as aforesaid, the same shall not be removed, carried, or conveyed, without a certificate or certificates, and oath of the importer (in case the importer applies for the same) being first had and obtained as aforesaid, that such stalks were stripped or separated from, or such snuff or other manufactured tobacco was made from, one or more hogshead or hogsheads of tobacco for which the duties were by him paid; and in case the person applying for such certificate or certificates be a purchaser, such purchaser shall make oath that such stalks were stripped or fepa

, rated.

Go

*7$5-1 - Arrnb vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C r;

rated, or such snuff, or other manufactured tobacco, was made, from one or more hogshead or hogsheads of tobacco which had been delivered and received according to the directions of this act ( which said several certificates such officer and officers are hereby required and directed to grant, and, after writing the same off their books, to deliver to all apd every person or persons who shall apply to him or them for the same, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certificates or oaths, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such offence) upon forfeiture of all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and snuff, together with the cask and package containing the same.

XXXVII And be it further enacted, That before any such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, for which such respective certificate is so respectively granted, shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, as aforesaid, the proprietor, factor, or agent thereof, shall describe and insert, on the back of such certificate or certificates, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exa<t weight of each particular species of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person to whom the goods are consigned;; such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate or certificates so granted, if going by land, shall express the number of days they shall respectively continue in force, and shall accompany the goods to such place to which they are to be carried and conveyed; and upon its coming to such place, ' the person or persons receiving the same, or to whom the goods belong, shall cause such certificate or certificates to be delivered to the chief officer of the customs, if any such there be, and in case there be no officer of the customs, then to the officer of. the excise of the division within which fuel) goods are carried and conveyed; and such respective officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, and if they agree therewith, the goods may be taken away, and disposed of, by the person or persons to whom of right they belong or appertain, and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate or certificates distinctly, in a book to be kept by him for that purpose;; the officer of the customs or excise receiving such certificate or certificates shall, from time to time, transmit the same to the officer now appointed, or the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, for keeping such accounts.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted., That no unmanufactured tobacco, or manufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, or snuff, which shall have been removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, from any port or place in Great Britain to any other port or place whatsoever in Great Britain,

... or

409

Before tobacco is removed, the weight, etc. of each package is to be Written on the back of the certificate, and signed by the proprietor

Certificate to express the number of days it is to continue in force, aiid to be delivered to the officer of the customs on the arrival of the goods at their intended place etc.

No tobacco shall be again removed without certificate of its having been

VI

legally received at the former place of renapval.

Pe rfon sap ply in g for certificates to describe on the back, and make oath of the troth thereof, the particulars, and weight, C

Certificate to express the number of days it is to continue in force, and to be delivered without fee, C

Certificates to be delivered to the proper officer on the arrival of the goods at their intended place, canno

vkeffmo quinto Georgii III C [1785.

or which shall have been removed, carried, or conveyed front any one place within any one port or place, to any other place within the same port or place, (bah be afterwards removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, to any other port or place whatsoever within Great Britain, without a certificate or certificates being first had and obtained from the colleger and comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the customs, at the port or place from whence such goods are intended to be removed, but if there is not any officer of the customs resident at such place, then from the officer of excise for the division with whom the former certificate or certificates was or were entered, that it appears to them, by the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books, upon the former removal, that such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or (huff, had been received by legal certificate, and also that the person or persons who shall apply to him or them for such certificate or certificates, had made oath to the truth thereof; and, before such certificate or certificates shall be granted, the proprietor of such tobacco, or the factor or iagent applying for the same, shall de feribe and insert, on the back of such certificate or certificates respectively, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exa6t weight of tobacco contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which, and by what carriage, they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person or persons to whom, the goods are consigned, to which such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; which several andrefpe&ive oaths herein before directed, the collector or comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, or the officer of excise, granting such respective certificate or certificates, is and are hereby authorised and empowered toadminister; and the certificate or certificates so respectively granted, if going by land, shall express the number of days it or they shall continue in force; and the officer or officers granting such certificate or certificates, after writing the same off their books, in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such certificate or certificates to the person or persons who shall apply to them for the same, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certificate or certificates, or for administering the oaths hereby required, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every such offence, and to transmit a duplicate of such certificate or certificates to the said officer now appointed, or the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed by the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, for keeping such accounts; and the said certificate or certificates so granted, shall accompany such tobacco to the place where, and be delivered to the persons to whom, such tobacco shall be consigned, who, upon receiving the same, shall cause such certificate or certificates to be delivered to the chief officer

**

1785, 3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIL C 81. 411

of the customs, if any such there be, and in case there he ho officer of the customs, then to the officer of excifeof the division within which such goods are carried and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, andlif they agree therewith the goods may be taken away and disposed of by the person or persons to whom of right they belong; and which officer is thereupon to enter such certificate or certificates distinctly, in a book to be kept by him for tfiat purpose, and transmit the original certificate or certificates to the said officer now appointed, or to the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, for keeping such accounts.

XXXIX And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco or Penalties on tobacco stalks, exceeding six pounds weight, or any snuff, ex removing to ceeding six pounds weight, shall be found removing, either by^x^ound^ land or by water, without having one or other of the certificates weight wfth herein before directed, all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and out certifi snuff, and the casks, chests, cases, or other package containing cate, and on the same, together with the horses, cattle, carts, wagons, and counterfeit ^ all other carriages whatsoever, employed oriri anywi(e made certifi^" use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of such tobacco, cates, tobacco stalks, or snuff, or any or either of them, shall be forfeited and lost, and the carrier or other person employed or intruded in the removing, carrying, or conveying such goods, or any or either of them, shall, besides the loss of the cattle and carriages, be committed to the county gaol for the space of one month, by any justice of the peace for the county where the offence is committed, or the offender shall be found; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, erase, or in anywise alter any such certificate or certificates, or duplicate or duplicates, as herein before is mentioned and described, or shall cause or procure the same, or any or either of them, to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, in any respect,, (he, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

XL And be it further enacted, That no tobacco nor tono tobacco, bacco stalks, exceeding the quantity of six pounds weight, nor C above six snuff, exceeding six pounds weight, shall be conveyed or car p01?nds ried, by land or by water, from any port or place in Great Bri Amoved e tain to any other port or place in Great Britain, or from any without being place within any port in Great Britain to any other place within marked on the the same port, in any hogflhead, ca(k, chest, case, or other package, package, unless such hogshead, ca(k, chest, case, or other package, be stamped or marked on the outside with the respective words Tobacco Tobacco Stalks, or Snuffs in large letters, not less than three inches in length, under the penalty and forfeiture of all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, with the package thereof, and one shilling for every pound weight thereof, to be paid by the owner of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, unless it can be proved that the goods so removing was without his, her, or their knowledge.

XLI And

\4t2. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C i £1785.'

No manufac XLI And be it further enacted, That no manufactured tured tobac tobacco, tobacco stalks * snuff, exceeding the quantity Of six co, C above p0unds weight in the whole although in different packages, weight, 1tho' retnovecu carried, or conveyed, either by land or by

in different water, at one and the same time, by one and the same carriage packages, or conveyance, and directed to one and the same person, or to

shall be re different persons in one and the same partnership in trade, with

time to^he16 outa certificate, as is herein before directed, being first had and same person, obtained from the collector and comptroller, or other chief of or different ficer or officers of the customs, or the officer of excise (if there persons in be not any officer of the customs there) of the port or place wlthmatcer rom w^ence tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, shall be so tificate. removed, and to accompany the same to the port or place to which the same is to be carried or conveyed, upon forfeiture thereof.

No tobacco XLII And be it further enacted, That no unmanufadlured which has tobacdo, manufactured tobacco tobacco stalks, or snuff, which mb^e^fhau6'" Aiall een removed from, the port or place of importation

be returned Great Britain, or from any other port or place in Great Bri back again to tain, to any other port or place in Great Britain, shall be again thefameplace returned or sent back to such port or place from whence the

from thecb^n ^ame was or wre ^e^ore recnoved or sent, upon any pretence millioners of whatsoever, without leave being first had and obtained for that the customs. purpose from the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them for the time being, or the commissioners of his majesty's customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, and for which a special certificate shall be granted to accompany the same, in such manner and form as the said commissioners respectively shall think proper, upon forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carriages, and boats madeufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same.

Tobacco con XLIII And be it further enacted, That where any tobacco

veying tcrand js intended to be carried or conveyed from the port or place of mills without importation, or other place, to the mills of any manufadlurer a certificate of tobacco, for the purpose of grinding the.same into snuff, the to be forfeit said commissioners of his majesty's customs m England, or any ed, and the four or more of them, or the commissioners of his majesty's

remover customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the

thereof liable time being, respectively, are hereby authorised and required to to penalties, direct proper fufferances or certificates to be granted to accompany such tobacco to such mills, in order to be manufactured, and after it has been so manufactured, other suchlike fufferances or certificates, to accompany the same from such mills to the house of such manufadlurer, from whence the same had been so sent, for the purpose of being so manufactured; and if any tobacco or snuff manufactured therefrom shall be found removing as aforesaid, without such sufferance or certificate as / aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, together with the horses,

cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same, and the person or persons to whom

such

i7&5*] Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 8u 413

such tobacco, or snuff manufactured therefrom, shall belong,

shall forfeit and lose twenty Shillings for every pound weight of tobacco or snuff, and the person employed in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of the same, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of five Shillings for every pound weight of such tobacco, or snuff; unless it can be proved that the tobacco or snuff so removing was without his, her, or their knowledge.

XLIV And be it further enabled, That the bond or bonds Decrease of so given as aforesaid, for securing the duties upon any quantity weight of of tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as afore jyjngin wtre said, shall be discharged and cancelled by the debenture or de houses, to be bentures respectively made out and passed in the usual way, for allowed in the the net quantity or quantities of tobacco, taken at the weighing discharge of thereof as aforesaid for exportation, and upon the delivery of bon s such tobacco for home trade as aforesaid;; when the whole of the tobacco to which such respective bond or bonds shall apply and respectively refer shall appear to have been so exported and delivered for home trade as aforesaid, and it shall also appear that there is a difference between the weights of such tobacco, taken as aforesaid at the importation, and the weights taken at the delivery thereof as aforesaid, for home trade and for exportation, jointly or several ly, by a decrease in weight, arising from (hrinkage by lying in the warehouse, it shall and may be lawful for the officer or officers of the customs for the respective warehouse or warehouses from which such tobacco shall have been so delivered as aforesaid to certify the same, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required to grant the same, and such certificate shall go in discharge of such bond or bonds so given as aforesaid.

XLV And be it further enacted, That at or before the Security to be shipping for exportation of any manufactured tobacco, the ex given that porter or exporters, with one or more person or persons, of ^acca^p which the master, or other person having the charge or com pedforpcpor mand of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco is intended to tation shall be exported, shall be one, shall give security to the customer, not be *e' collector, or chief officer of the customs of the port where the q^eat Britain warehouse or warehouses out of which such tobacco is to be or tee of exported is or are situate, in the penalty of double the value of Man. the said tobacco, (which security the said customer, collector, or other chief officer, is hereby directed and empowered to take in the name of, and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors), that such tobacco so shipped, or any part thereof,

shall not be relanded or brought on shore again in any port or place of Great Britain,, or the isle of Man; and such security Regulations shall be discharged in the manner herein after mentioned; for discharg (that is to say). For such of thewfaid goods as shall be entered ing such & for, or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, the islands of Guern cuny fey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof within six months from the date of the bond; and within eighteen months for such of the said goods as shall be entered for and landed in any of

his

;

4h

Tobacco destroyed by fire in a warehouse, to be allowed in discharge of bonds.

Documents required by this a dt, and a4 Geo. a. C 4i. relative to importation of tobacco, to be tranfnoitted to Such per Son as shall be appointed bythe treasury, who is to conform to the regula tions of fof mer act.

Atiho vicesimo quinto georgii III C 8r. £1785.

hrs mtljesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America or Africa; and within thirty months for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope which said certificate for such tobacco as aforesaid as shall be landed in any part or place where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs there, importing that such tobacco was there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such tobacco as aforesaid as shall be entered for the islands of Guernfeyy jer fey Alderney, or Sark, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs, if any such officer or officers shall be residing in these islands respectively, and for want of such officers residing there, then by the governor of these Hlands, or the deputy governor thereof respectively; and for such tobacco as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other foreign port or place, to bring a certificate under a common seal of the chief magistrate of such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such tobacco was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, upon proof, in any or either of the said cases, that such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the sea, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the commissioners of the customs in England ox Scotland for the time being, respectively: provided always, That in case any tobacco so put into the said warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid shall be burnt or destroyed by fire, during the time it shall remain in such warehouse or warehouses, the respective bond or bonds which shall have been given for security of the duties thereon, shall be discharged for so much tobacco as shall have been so burnt or destroyed.

XLVI And be it further enacted, That one of the books of the landing waiters so appointed to the delivery of every ship or vessel so importing tobacco as aforesaid, under this act, and every other document and documents in relation to tobacco so imported, as is now required by an act' parted in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco, to be transmitted or delivered to such personas should be deputed and appointed by the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to receive the same, (on the importation of tobacco imported under the regulation of that act), shall, and are hereby directed to be transmitted or delivered to such person who now is deputed and appointed fdr the purpose of that actor such other person or persons as shall hereafter be appointed to execute such office; and such person so deputed, or such person or persons foto be deputed and appointed as aforesaid, shall do and perform every act and thing, in every respect whatsoever, in regard to any tobacco so imported into Great Britain as aforesaid under this present act, as was done and performed by such person under the authority of the

said

1785] Anno yieegmo qmtito georair III c.81. 415

said act so passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled as aforesaid; and further, such said person so deputed and appointed, or such person or persons to be so deputed and appointed as aforesaid, by the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall be furnished with all and every document and documents from all and every proper officer and officers of the customs who shall be possessed of the same, to enable such person or persons to be a competent cheque upon the tobacco so imported as aforesaid being delivered for exportation out of any of the respective warehouses aforesaid, or delivered for home trade as aforesaid, out of such respective warehouses,

xlvil'and be it further enacted, That no tobacco, either Officers fuf manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped petting to for exportation to any parts beyond the seas (Ireland only ex cepted) in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless such ship or exportation vessel shall be of the burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards; and (to Ireland if any officer or officers of the customs shall apprehend, or have excepted) in reason to believe, that any such ship or vessel bound to foreign hen than parts, and having tobacco on board her, shall not be of the 70 tonnes! may burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards, it shall and may be law detain them full for such officer or officers to flop and detain such ship or till they are vessel, and the whole cargo laden on board her of tobacco, and admeasured, all other gbods, until he or they shall cause such ship or vessel i^geo/j^c, to be admeasured according to the admeasurement prescribed 74, by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the better ascertaining the tonnage and burden of hips and vessels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coasts thereof; for amending so much of an act, made in the lafi session of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the suing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted in the court of exchequer in Scotland; for appropriat'vig the duty on oak bark, granted by the said act; and for obviating doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the drawback upon certain calicoes; and the bounty upon brithh made cordage exported to the islands of Madera, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Wefterri Islands; and if it shall appear by such admeasurement that any such ship or vessel is of the burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards, the officer or officers so (topping and detaining her and her cargo shall not be subject or liable to any action for damages occafloned by such stoppage and detention; and if the master or Penalty on commander of any ship or vessel outward bound to foreign entering vef parts, having tobacco on board her, shall enter and clear out fels sr^ter such ship or vessel in the collector's book at the customhouse, re *** of the burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards, and such ship or vessel shall not be of so great burden, according to the admeasurement prescribed by the said act, he shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence,

XLVIII And be it further enacted, That where any ship Tobacco of

or vessel whatsoever, under the burden of seventy tonnes, coming more than

or 100 pounds

4*6

weight on board any vessel under 70 tonnes, found hovering or at anchor within certain limits, to be forfeited.

Mailers js F vessels found hovering or at anchor in certain limits forfeit 10.0i.

Bonds deem edtobedueon the day mentioned in their conditions, andintereftto be paid agreeable to

4 Anne, C 6.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C Sir f 178^.

or arriving from foreign parts, or having cleared outwards inf Great Britain for foreign parts, and having on board one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, or any tobacco (talks 6r Items (tripped from the leaf, shall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coasts thereof, or shall be'discovered to have been within the said limits or distance, and not p/oceeding on her voyage wind and weather permitting (unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, of which necessity and distress the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice, and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs, of any port within the limits of which such ship or veffd shall be found, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel within the. limits of such port) all such tobacco and tobacco (talks, or stems (tripped from the leaf, together with the hogsheads, bags, boxes, calks, chests, cases, or other packages whatsoever containing the same, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether bulk shall then b&ve been broken, or not) and the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any ship or vessel whatsoever, of the burden of seventy tonnes or upwards, having such goods on board as aforesaid, either homeward bound or outward bound, shall be found at anchor, or hovering as aforesaid, or shall be discovered not to be proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, and not any distress shall happen as aforesaid, and notice thereof be given as afgre said, the master, or other person having or taking the charge of command of every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLIX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all bonds which shall be given for the several and respective duties on tobacco by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said refpediye bond or bonds for the payment thereof; and that such interest shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds as are directed by an act of parliament, made" in the fourth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne entitled. An act for continuing an additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage end certain duties upon coals culm and cinders and additional duties of excise; and for settling and establishing a fund thereby and by other ways and means for payment of annuities to be sold for raising a further fupplyto her Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and six and other uses therein mentioned; which interest shall be computed from the day the bond or bonds shall respectively become due, to the day whereon it or they shall be paid off in money, or the day the searcher certifies upon the debenture that the tobacco was shipped for exportation, notwithstanding such tobacco doth or, (hali remain unexported j and no such security

t.] Anno vicefirtio quinto Georgii III C 8r. 417

shall hereafter be vacated, until all such interest shall be paid thereon; any law, cuftorh, or usage to the contrary not with fia riding.

L And be it further eriacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on, wh^tsoever shall, at any time or times hereafter, in order to crafins, mark defeat any of the purposes or intents of this ai, erase, cut out, on ac age * burn out, blot out, or in anywise whatsoever alter, change, or deface any mark or number, or marks or numbers, which was or were burnt in or set upon any hogshead, cask, chest, or case Whatsoever, of tobacco, in his said majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or in the United States of America, or which Shall be fet, stamped, or affixed thereori in Great Britain Upon the importation of landing thereof, or Which was or were fetor stamped, or affixed thefeori in Great Britain, upon the exportation thereof from thence to fdreigrf parts, he, (he, or they so offending shall forfeit and lose the fund of twenty pounds for each and every hogshead, cask, chest, of case whatsoever, of tobacco, the mark whereof shall be so altered or defaced as aforesaid. r

LI And be it further enabled, That the several aftd respec Proprietors to tive proprietors of the ships and vessels which shall be so respec be at the.ex'

i ' 'i 1 npnpp prit

tively riidored at the places aforesaid, shall so moor, or cause j.ifque the same to be so moored, at their foie expense and risque; and mooring they, and the proprietors of the cargoes on board such ships vessels. respectively, and not the crown, shall take the risque of, and bear every damage that may happen respectively to such ships and their cargoes, while they shall remain at such mooring places.

Lll. And be it further enacted. That the merchants, and All expenses hot the crown, shall respectively bear all the charges and ex pences incurred in any way, by unlhipping, bringing, carrying, ^nand or conveying any tobacco as aforesaid from the several and re from ware fpedlive ftiips so importing the same, to the several and respec housesto be tive places of lariding, and from thence to the respective ware born by the houses as aforesaid, in which the same tobacco is to be so de excepuhe^x posited as aforesaid, or in the bringing, carrying, or conveying pences of the tobacco from such respective warehouses to and on board the revenue offi* several and respective ships, in which the same is or are to be cers* refpe&i.vely exported to foreign parts, save and except the charges and expenses of paying the revenue officers, under whose especial care the said tobacco shall be so respectively conveyed, either froth the ship to the warehouse, on importation, or from the wdrehoufd to the ship, when for exportation; any law,

Custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstandirig.

LIII And be it further enabled, That the respective pro Expenses of prietors of the tobacco, foto be brought as aforesaid to the re ^oithea^s fpecftive warehouses before mentioned, shall be at the foie ex from the to pence of dripping or taking the hogsheads in which the tobacco bacco to be shall be so irnported as aforesaid from the tobacco, before the born by the same shall be so Weighed as aforesaid. proprietor.

Vol. XXXV E e LIV And

418

If bonds arc not duly discharged, the tobacco maybe sold for payment.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

' Anno vkefmio quinto Georgii III C 81. [1785,

LI V And be it further enabled, That if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of such tobacco as shall be deposited in fu, ch warehouses as aforesaid, and for which bond or bonds shall have been given for the payment of the duties as aforesaid within eighteen months, shall not, at or before the expiration of such eighteen months, forthwith, either by debenture or debentures on exportation of such tobacco, or by payment of the several duties for which his Or their bond or bonds hath or have been respectively given as aforesaid, discharge his or their obligation or obligations, or any part thereof, but that the tobacco, or any part thereof, shall continue and be (fill remaining in the said warehouses for want of the payment of the duties due thereon, in such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or principal officers of the customs for the time being, and who are hereby required and empowered foto do, to cause the said tobacco so remaining to be publicly sold by inch of candle, first giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days notice, or leaving the same in writing at the place of his or their Taft abode; the product thereof, after such sale, first to be applied towards payment of the customs and duties, rind charges that have been expended thereon, and the overplus (if any) to be rendered and paid to the proprietor, or other person lawfully authorised to receive the same.

LV And be it further enacted, That all the goods, vessels.. horses, cattle, carts, wagons, and other carriages and things forfeited by this ai, shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, and that all the penalties and fines inftidted by this act shall and may be prosecuted and sued for, and the causes and controversies tried', heard, and determined in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster (if the offence shall be committed in Englandor if the offender or offenders be in England at the time of commencing the prosecution), or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh (if the offence shall be committed in Scotland, or if the offender or offenders be in Scotland at the time of commencing the prosecution), at the election of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in that part of the united kingdom where the offence or offences shall be committed, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall fee allowed; and such penalties, or the sums recovered, shall be paid and applied in the following manner;. (that is to say, )j if such prosecution shall be carried on at the expense of the officer, then one moiety of whatever penalty shall be recovered, either upon a judgement obtained on such prosecution, or upon a composition made thereon, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer ^ if such prosecution shall be carried on under the regulation made by the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury, by their warrant, dated the twenty seventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, then such officer shall be entitled

to

17%*] * Anno vicesimo quinto georgii III C 8r.' 419

to and paid one third of such penalty or composition; and if Tuch prosecution shall be carried on at the expense of the crown, then such officer shall be entitled to and paid one sixth of such penalty or composition;; law, cuftoin, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI And be it further enacted, That all seizures made, and forfeitures inflicted by this a(hall and may in like manner sutures are to be prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined in any of his Ma be tried, and jesty's courts of record at jveflminfler, or in the court of exche how to be quer at Edinburgh, respectively; and one moiety of the net pro appded. duce of such seizures and forfeitures, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale from the whole, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same, provided the requisitions of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the Act 5 Geo. $ 'better fe curing and further improvement of the revenues of cuflomsy C *3* excifer inland and salt duties; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and manufacture of the said if and, under certain refir ift ions and regulations; be complied with by such officer or officers; but if the conditions of the said recited act shall not be complied with, then such officer and officers shall, in each and every such case, in lieu and instead of such moiety, be entitled to and allowed no more than one third part of the net produce arising by the sale of such seizure: provided nevertheless. That all seizures of horses, cattle, carts, wagons, and other carriages whatsoever, for being used in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of any goods contrary to this act, shall and may Jbe examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and deter. miiied by and before any two of his majesty's justices of the, peace residing near to the place where such seizure shall be made, in such manner, and by such and the like rules, as the seizure of any horses, cattle, or carriages, liable to forfeiture for being used in removing, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may be examined into and proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any at of parliament in force; and such judgement which shall be given in pursuance of this act is hereby declared to be taken and adjudged good, valid, and effectual in law, and final, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any appeal, or any writ or writs of certiorari, any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tobacco Condemned (talks, and snuff, which shall be seized and condemned, shall be ^at^beburnt' burnt and destroyed in the presence of the colleflor and comp and the officer jtroller of the customs for the port where such tobacco shall hap who seized pen to be at the time of such condemnation, or in the presence (kali he paid idf such officer as shall be appointed by them for that purpose; events at the and that all rewards or allowances to which the officer or pffi rateof6d. per pers who shall fei^s and prosecute the same are entitlecj by law, pound ofw

E e 2 shall

jrjo Anno vicesimo quinfco gfo^qii III Cf $2* [ 1785,

baccoorsnuff, shall he paid by the receivers general of the customs at Londm or pound otto Bfinbvrgh **fpefftively, or by'the refpetftiye cqliedtprs in the out bacco (talks" p01^ wbpte such tobacco, tpbacco flalls, or (puff wafc feizecj, or damaged and bffirpt or destroyecl, to such officer or officers, out pf ay Q? tobacco. the duties or revenues arising from the customs applicable to ip V cidents; (that is tp fay). If it is tobacco, or tobacco snuff, so burnt and destroyed, the same shall be paid at and acto: the rate anci proportion as if the said tobacco, or tobacco fn^ff, had been Sold on condemnation for sixpence per pound; and if it is tobacco ffialks, or damaged tobacco, then the officer so seizing shall have and be entitled to one penny per pound for every pound weight of tobacco stalks, or damaged tobacco, so condemned and burnt

in lieu of all other allowances. ..........

Defendants lviiiv And be it further enabled, That if any a&ian qr salt may plead the shall be co, mm^c^ ag?inft any perlqn or persons for anything geneia 1 uc.; n p; urfu4nce of this act, the qefeodaat pr defendants in ' such atftion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this a (ft, and the fpeqial matter, in evidence at any trial tp be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act: and if it shall appear foto have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or difcontinpe atftion jfter the defendant pr defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants "(hall and may recover and recover treble cpft^, and have the like remedy for the same as defend treble costs, fits have in other cases by law.

CAP. LXXXII

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfelvef for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, w ho have omitted, .to register or deliver in their qualifications within the tiipe limited by law, and for giving further time for thote purposes; and. to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid 5 and for allowing them time, to provide admissions duly stamped;; give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and fokcitors; and for indemnifying persons"who have acted as truivees of turnpike roads, in certain cases, and declaring their proceedings valid.,

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act 1 Geo. j. see. X C 13. act 13 Car. a. see. 2. C 1. act 25 Car. 2. C 2. act 30 Car. 2. see. 2. C 1. act 8 Geo. 1. C 6. act 9 Geo. 2. C 26. act 18 Geo. 2* C 20. and act 6 Geo 3 C 53. through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accidentbefore the passing of this act; and Who shall, on or before pec. a5, 1785, qualify themselves, shall be inr demnified against forfeitures. But not to indemnify any person for any penalty incurred against whom final judgement hath been given. Nor ' to exempt justices acting without legal qualification. Persons producing

appointments and admissions to offices before Dec. 25, 1785, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, etc. may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from ail penalties and damages incurred by reafori ^ of

1785.} Anno vicesimo quioto georgji III g.83, 84. 42(

of ooiiffian$. Not to extend to restore persons to any office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall cause affidavits of clerks articles to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1785, are indemnified and dischargect from penalties. Trustees for repair of turnpike roads not duly appointed, indemnified fqr acting. Persons pxofeculed, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general issue.

CAP. LXXXIII

An act for further postponing the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to the 5th of January .1787.

CAP. LXXXIV

An act to limit the duration of polls and fcrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to serve in par? liament for places within England, and Wales, and for, Berwick upon T weed; and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parlia menu

FOR the better regulation of poilh and fcrutinies, be it e nailed Preamble.

by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from after the first day of August, one From Aug. 1, thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every poll which shall 1785. every be demanded at any election for a member or members to serve p°ll muffc^ in parliament for any county, city, borough, or other place, th^ttstthe within England, Wales, or for the town of Berwick upon Tweed, day after it is shall commence on the day upon which the same shall be de demanded, manded, or upon the next day at furthest, (unless it shall hap unless it be pen to be a Sunday, and then on the day after;) and shall be must neon duly and regularly proceeded in from day today (Sundays ex tinue more cepted) until the same be finished, but so as that no poll for than 15 days, the eleilion of any member or members to serve in parliament,

shall continue more than fifteen days at most (Sundays excepted;) and if such poll shall continue until the fifteenth day, then the same shall be finally closed at or before the hour of three in the afternoon of the same day; and the returning officer or of Return to be ficers at every such election shall, immediately, or on the day next after the finaj close of the poll, truly, fairly, and pub poii^orthe Jickly declare the name or names of the person or persons who day after, un have the majority of votes on such poll, and shall forth less a scrutiny with make a return of such person or persons, unless the return is demanded., ing officer or officers, upon a scrutiny being demanded by any Candictate, or any two or more electors, shall deem it neceffiiry to grant the same; in which case, it shall and may be lawful Regulations for him foto do, and to proceed thereupon, but lo as that in for making alt cases of a general election, every returning officer or officers Va scrutiny having the return of a writ, shall cause a return of a member or 0 r members to be filed, in the crowa office on or before the day on

which

tfy.

4**

objections to voters to be decided alternately.

Poll to be kept open seven hours daily.'

Within two days after receipt of the writ, proclamation to be made of the election which must begin between the loth and 16th day after proclamation.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 84. [1785.

which such writ is returnable; and every dther returning officer or officers, acting under a precept or mandate, * shall make? return of a member or members, in obedience to such precept or mandate, at lead six days before the day of the return of the writ by virtue of which such election has been made 5 2nd so that in case of any election, upon a writ issued during a session or prorogation of parliament, and a scrutiny being granted as aforesaid, then, that a return of a member or members shall be made within thirty days after the c!ofe of the poll, (or sooner, if the same can conveniently be done.)

ill. And be it enabled. That whenever a scrutiny shall be granted as aforesaid, and there shall be more parties than one objecting to votes on such fcrutiriy, the returning officer or returning officers shall decide alternately or by turns on the votes given for the different candidates who shall be parties to such scrutiny, or against whom the same shall be carried on.

III Andin order that electors may have full time and opportu nitytopolu be it enacted, That all and every returning officer and officers, unless prevented by any unavoidable accident, shall, during the continuance of the poll, on every day subsequent to the commencement of the lame, cause the said poll tp be kept open for seven hours at the least in each day, between the hours of eight in the morning and eight at night.

IV And whereas inconveniences may artje from the time allowed by the laws now in being for proceeding to an election of a knight or knights to serve in parliament, for any county or Shire in England or Wales; be it enacted, That, immediately after the receipt of the writ for making any such election, and indoriing on the back thereof the day of receiving the same, as by law required, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff of such county or shire, and he is hereby required, within two days after the receipt thereof, to cause proclamation to be made at the place where the ensuing election ought by law to be held, of a special county court to be there held for the purpose of such election only, on any day, Sunday excepted, not later from the day of making such proclamation than the (ixteenth day, not? sooner than the tenth day; and that he shall proceed in such election, at such special county court, in the same manner as if the said election was to be held at a county court, or at ah adjourned county court, according to the laws now in being 5 provided always, That the usual county court for all other purposes, or any adjournment made thereof, shall take jplace, be held, and proceeded in, by the sheriff, or his deputy, and may from time to time be further adjourned and proceeded in, in such and the same manner, and at the same times and places, as if the writ for the election of a knight or knights of the shire had not been received.

V And whereas, although from the various and disputed rights of voting in fever a I cities, boroughs, and other places, a pojitive oath of qualification cannot be required from the elehors, yet it is apprehended that unqualified per Jons may be deterred from polling at such'

*7^5-] Anno vicesimo qutrito Georgii III G s4. 42 j

eieftiomy under fiflitious names or oiherwife, by requiring from electors previoujly to their pollings the oath or affirmation herein after mentioned; be it therefore farther enabled. That, from and An oath to after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon every election to be made, within that P

part of Great Britain called England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, of any member or members to serve in parliament, in all cases where no oath or affirmation of qualification, other than the oaths or affirmations against bribery, or of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, can now by law be required, every person claiming to give his vote at the said election,

shall, (if required by any candictate, or any person having a right to vote at such election), before he is admitted to poll, take the oath (or, being one of the people called ^uakers, make the solemn affirmation) following; (that is to say),

ID O swear, (or, being a Quaker, do affirm), That my name The o&th# is A. B. and that I am [specifying

the addition; profession, or trade of such person] ] that the the place of my abode is at in the county of

[and if it is a town confiding of more streets than one, specify" " what street;; that I have not before polled at this elsblion^ and that I verily believe myself to be of the full age of twenty-one years.

which oath, or solemn affirmation, the returning officer or officers at such election, and his or their deputies and poll clerks, is or are hereby authorised and required to administer. >.

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Returning of day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, up ficers^utho' on every election of any member or members to serve in parlia rifedtoad inent for any county, city, borough, or place, within England duh^^fcru or Wales, or for Berwick upon Tweed, it shall and may be law tiny, full for the returning officer or officers, if he or they .fee cause, and he and they are in such case authorised, during the continuance of any fcrutir.y which shall have been granted as aforesaid, to administer an oath to any person whatsoever consenting to take the same, touching the right of any person having voted, iat such election, or touching any other matter or thing material or necessary towards carrying on such scrutiny.

VII And vohereas it is expedient that all persons employed as poll clerks at eleflions^should take an oath for the faithful dij charge of their bffice, but the same is not at present required or authorised by lawy except in counties and other places for which there are expr, fs provisions made by statute; be it therefore further enacted, That, from poh clerks to and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, at every election of any member or mem discharge" bers of parliament for any city, borough, or other place, within of their duty. England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, every person whom the returning officer or officers shall retain to act as a clerk in taking the poll shall, before beginning to take such poll,

be

424 " Aiitio vidblinio quinto geoegii HI. €. 84. [1785.

be fwoth by such returning officer dr officers truly and indifferently to take tfre said poll, and to fet dowh the name of each toter, arid his addition, pvofeffioh, 6r trade, and the plate of Ink abode, and For Whbfn hie shall poll; and to poll no perfoti Who is ri'bt fworri dr put to fiis affirmation, whereby this, or any other statute, any oath or affirmation now is, or hereafter shall be required, which oath of every such poll clerk the said returning officer or officers is or ate hereby authorised and required to admirtifter.

persons tak VIII And bb it Further enacted, That if any person, in taking, or fub jng any Oath 6r affirmation herein before appointed of autho to^tke^a crs d 10 ta^erl before ahy returning officer or officers, shall false oath, LI thereby cotridlit wilful perjury, and be thereof convicted;; if able to the any perfoti shall Unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any paius inflicted other person to take any such oath or affirmation, whereby he sand »zgeo. or comm such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof

a' C 35. * corividied, he or ftie so offeriding shall incur such pains and pe,

, as are inflicted in and by two acts of parliament, the onfc

made iti the fifth year of the reign, of the late Queen Elizabeth, (entitled. An act for punishment of such personas Shall procure or coinmit any wilful perjury); the other inade in the second year of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act for the hi ore effectual preventings and further punishment offorgery, perjury, and Jubornation of perjury; and to make it felony to steal bonds 4 notes, or other securities for payment of money), for any perjury or hibernation of perjury, contrary to the said acts. 1 Kottoextend IX Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in to places this act before contained shall extend to or in anywise afsect, rula^reesa regulate the mode or time of proceeding at anyeledlion

tionb have f any triertiber or triembers for any place where particular re been enacted gulations, touching the duration of polls and ferutinies, rise fpe

by Astute. cially ehribted by statute, but that every such elebtion shall be

begun and carried ori in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

Where rex. And whereas an act was passed in the tenth year of his present

turns have Majejlfs reign, (entitled, An act to regulate the trials of.contro

inade ?aveled ted elebtions, or returns of members to serve in parliament); committee Qhd another act was passed in the eleventh year of his said Majesty's may be ap reign, for explaining and amending the said former act: and whereat

pointed, con no provision is made therein for the baring and determining any pe ic^geo C ^tioh, unkfi the same Shall complain of an undue election or return of 16. and'n members to serve in parliament; be it therefore enacted, That, Geo. C 42. from and after the first day of August, ohe thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if upon any writ or writs to be issued for the eledtioh of any inember or members to serve in parliament, no return shall be made to the same on or before the day ori Which such writ is made returnable; or if a writ shall have been

issued during any session or prorogation of parliament, and no return shall be made to the same within fifty-two days after the day on which such writ bears date; or if the return made in Either of such cases shall not be a return of a member or members.

j.] Armti c[pintp Gjeorgii III C 84.

bers, according to the requisition thereof, but contain special matters only concerning such election; it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, having had, or claiming to have had, a right to vote at such election, or claiming to have had a ' right to be returned as duly elected thereat, who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved, tq petition the house of commons concerning the same; and upon such petition being pre Notice of the fented, a day and hour shall be appointed for taking the same meeting of into consideration, and notice thereof in writing shall, be forth with given by thetpeaker to the petitioners, and to the return petitioners ing officer or officers by whom such return ought to have been and return made, or shall have been made, accompanied with an order to ing officers, him or them to attend the house at the time appointed, by himself or themselves, his or their counsel or agents; and a select committee shall be appointed, according to thediredions of the said two recited acts, for regulating the trial of controverted eledions; which committee shall try and determine whether any, and which of the. person or persons named in such petition ought to have been returned, or whether a new writ ought to issue; which determination shall be final to all intents and purposes; and the house being informed thereof by the chairman of the said feled committee, shall order the same to be entered in their journals, and give the necessary directions for ordering a return to be made, or for altering the return if made, or for theiffuinga new writ for a new election, or for carrying the said determination into execution, as the case may require..

XI And be it further enacted, That all and every the rules, ui^°ns, regulations, authorities,, and powers, given or prescribed by ^ either of the said recited acts for regulating the trial of controverted elections, with refpedto feled committees to be appointed by virtue of the said acts, or either of them, shall be in full this act. force and effect with respect to feled committees to be appointed by virtue of this present act, in as Tull and ample manner as

if the same were herein repeated and particularly and specially enacted concerning the same.

XII Provided always, That if the returning officer oroffi whertreturit* cers, by whom such return ought to have been made, or has canno^cbes been made, cannot be found so as to be served with the notice found, or da or order herein before mentioned, or being served shall not ap not appear at' pear by himself or themselves, his or their counsel or agents, comrftittees, at the day or time appointed for taking such petition into con a bear fideration, it shall and may be lawful for the house to permit or pointed toap^ authorise any person to appear in the stead of him or them; pear in their and in case there shall be more petitions than one presented, stead, and jqpmplaining of such return, or omission of a return, on distinct ^^one^e interests, or complaining upon different grounds, the house tltion is pre shall determine from the nature of the case whether the return fented, the ing officer or officers, or person appearing in the stead of him house tode or them, shall, together with such petitioners, be entitled to the?thete C strike off from the list of members drawn by lot, jn the manner turningofficer directed by the said act, passed in the eleventh year of the reign i3 to strike off

Vo*. XXXV Ff of

of 10 Geo. if C 16. and 11 Geo. 3. c.43* extended to

'426

from the list

of members drawn by lot.

Returning officers liable to prosecution for offences against this act.

Returning officers may be sued for neglecting to return persons duly elected.

Act ions to be commenced within one year after the offence, or six months after conclusion of proceedings in the house.

Poll may be adjourned from win chester to Newport in the Isle of Wight, canno

vicesimo quinto georgii III C 84. [1785.

of his present Majesty, in the case where there shall be more than two parties before the house, or whether such list (hail be reduced by the parties feveraijy presenting the said petitions only.

XIII And be it enacted, That if any sheriff, or other returning officer or officers, who shall preside at any election of a member or members to serve in parliament for any county, city, borough, or place, shall wilfully offend against, or act contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every inch person shall be liable to beprofecuted by information or indictment in his majesty's court of king's bench, or at any court of oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery, tor the county, city, town, or place, where such offence shall be commitred, in. which no Nolle prosequi or cejjet procejjus shall be granted; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further enacted, That if any sheriff or returning officer shall wilfully delay, neglect, or refuse duly to return any person who ought to be returned to serve in parliament for any county, "city, borough, or place within Great Britain, every such person may, in case it shall have been determined by a select committee, appointed in the manner herein before directed, that such person was entitled to have been returned, sue thesheriff, or other officer or officers, having so wilfully delayed, neglected, or refused, duly to make such return, and every or any of them, at his election, in any of his majesty's courts of record at weftr^injhr^ or, the court of session in Scotland; and shall recover double the damages he shall sustain by reason thereof, together with full colls of suit.

XV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every indictment, information, or action, for any offence against this act, shall be found, filed, or commenced within one year after commission of the fact on which such indictment, information, or action shall be grounded, or within six months after the conclusion of any proceedings in the house of commons relating to such election.

XVI Provided always, That, notwithstanding anything in

this act contained, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff of the county of Southampton, and he is hereby required, after any poll for the said county shall have closed at Winchejier, and which shall always be closed within the space of fifteen days at the most, in the manner above required, to adjourn the poll to Newport in the isle of Wight, in case the same shall be required by one or more of the candidates, so that every such adjourned poll shall commence within four days from the close of the poll at Winchejier, and shall not continue longer than three days at the most \

CAP.

*7^5*1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III C 85 — 94.

CAP. LXXXV

An act for paving the footways in the borough of Reacting, in the county of Berks; for better repairings deanfings lightings and watching the fireetss lanes spajsages, and places in the said borough; and for removing incroachmentss objlruftionss and annoyances there froms and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXXXVI

An act for better watchings lightings and cleansing such parts of the pretin ft of Saint Catherine near the tower 0/' London, in the county of Middlesex, as are not included in the provifons of certain'aft s passed in the seventh and ninth years of his present ma jiffs reign; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein

CAP. LXXXVI

An act for extending the Dudley canal to the Birmingham canal at or near Tipton Green, in the county of Stafford,

CAP. LXXXVIII

An act for lighting and watching the village fl/'ciapham, and certain roads leading thereto, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. LXXXIX

An act for supplying the inhabitants of the parish of Lambeth, and parts adjacents in the county of Surrey, with water.

CAP. XC

An act for the better pavings deanfings and lightings the jlreetss lanes, ways, and pajfagess within the borough of Arundel, in the county of Sussex;; for removing and preventing incroachmentss obflruftioniy and annoyances therein.

CAP. XCI

An act for taking down the market house in the borough of Bridport, in the county of Dorset, and rebuilding the fames together with a fffion or court houses in a more convenient situation; for removing the fiambless or butcher row -> for better pavings deanfings lightings and watching the said borough; for removing and preventing mtifiances and annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new houses or buildings within the said borough with thatch.

CAP. XCII

An act for drainings preservitigs and improving certain low grounds and carrs in the several parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

CAP. XCIII

An act for the removal and rebuilding of the council chambers guild halls and gaols of the city of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the tolls of the markets and regulating the chairmen within the said city.

CAP. XCIV

An act for repairings new pewing9 eatings and erecting galleries and making other alterations and additions in and to the parish church of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

googi

Aflflo ficefimo^umtooeoi^ii £1785*

cap. xcf; '1

An act for rebuilding the parish church tf/'ghrift Church, for wf/* The Holy Trinity, within the city of Bristol j and for

. widening ihejlreets adjacent thereto.

G A P. XCVI

An act for amending two acts, of the eighth and fixtetrith years of his present Majesty, for opening certain passages and for paving the streets and' other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such part of Hog Lane as lies within the liberty of Norton Falgatey in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

CAP. XCVII

An act to enable the mayor and community and citizens of the city of London to pull down the Poultry and wood street Compters, and to pur chase certain ground and buildings within the said city for the purpose of rebuilding the same.

CAR XCVIII

An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands tenements, and hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the county of Middlesex, in exchange for the inheritance of certain buildings or bar rads, and land adjoining thereto * and also of certain ground contiguous to Tin mouth Castle, in the county of Northumberland, belonging to the duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other compensation as ball be a full confederation for the Jame; and also to empower the said duke to make such exchange.

CAP. XCIX

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from The'trent to The Mersey and the company of proprietors of the navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a navigable canal from the said Trent and Mersey navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said county; and for confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the Coventry, canal navigation companies.

CAP. C

An act for amending and improving the navigation of the river Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the parish of Houghton, in the county of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the parish of wif borough Green, in the said county; and for continuing and extending the navigation of the said river Arun, from the said wharf called Pallenham Whan, to a certain bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the parishes ^pulborough and Wiiborough Green, in the said county of Sussex.

END of Part I. Vol. XXXV

THE

Statutes at lurge,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III Regis:

Being the THIRD Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Voi, XXXV paath.

posted by C ie

THE

j^tatutes at ilarge,

FROM

MAGNA CHART A

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

bydanby PICKERING, of gray's inn, Esq. Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXV

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the U NIV E R SIT Y; (By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathufft,)

for Jos. Johnson, in St. paul's churchyard, and David Ogilvy, in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1786.

CVM PRIVILEGIO.

THE

STATUTES at; Large, canno

regni G E O R. g11 III Mag

nee Britannia, Francice, &

vicesimo sexto

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 17 84, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-fourth

day of January, 17865 being the thirdfej/ion of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the united fates of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to breads flour, Indian corn, and liveflock, to be imported in none but british*to/a ships, ahually belonging to British subjects, <pnd navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his majesty's European dominions, and furniflsd with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

WHEREAS is expedient to regulate, for a limited time, Preamble the trade between the ports of the united fates of America and his Majesty's subjects. in the island of Newfoundland: may it therefore please youf Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enatfed by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au vox,. XXXV G g 9 thority

‘

43*>. J. Anno vicesimo sexto geobgii III C 1. [17$6.

Restrictions thtjtitv df %ht same, That, from and after the passing of this tatioif a anc during the continuance of the same, no goods or com goodsinto' modities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into any Newfound port, harbour,, or place, in thefifland of Newfoundland, or the land. adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or

country belonging to the united dates of America, upon any pretence whatsoever, except bread, dour, Indian corn, and live flock, under the restrictions and regulations herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

il^and itis herebyfurther .enacted by the authority afore No bread, said, That, from and after the passing of this act, and during flour, Indian the continuance of the same, no bread, flour, Indian corn, or flock "to be ^ve flock, Xhallbe broughtor imported, from any place or imported into country belonging to the said united states of America, into any Newfound port, hafbour, or place of the said island of Newfoundland, or land from the the adjacent islands to'his Majesty belonging, except in britifl) of America kuilt which actually and bona side belong to and be

except inca wholly owned by British subjects, and navigated according to licensed law, and Which shall, within the space of seven months previ british built pus tole .time of such importation, have cleared Out from some ships, etc. port in Great Britain, or some other part of his majesty's dominions in Europe, for which purpose a licence shall have been granted lay the ^cotnmissioners of brs Majesty Vcuftdms in England or Scotland) nr the fcomnaiflioneri of his majesty's revenue in Ireland) or any other persons who may be duly authorised in ttiat kingdom, respeclivefy, in, the manner and form hereinafter mentioned; which licences shall continue and be in force

for seven calendar months from the day of tlje date upon which they are respectively granted, and no longer.

Xime for HI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such granting licence shall be granted by virtue of this act after the thirtieth

licences day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

limited. IV And jt js iiercby further enabled by the authority afore

Mafterof vef said. That the master or person having the charge or command lei to deliver of any ship or vessel to whom such licence shall be granted ' cuftotn house upon the arrival of the said ship or vessel at the port, har

officer at pert bour, .or place in the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent of discharge; islands to his Majesty belonging, where (he shall discharge such bread, flour, Indian corn, or live flock, deliver up the said licence to the collector or other proper officer of the customs there, having first endorsed upon the back of such licence the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread, flour, and Indian corn, and the description and tale of each sort and whothall give species of live flock, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and a certificate the collector, or other proper officer of the customs at new thereof, etc. fioundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a certificate to the master or person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, of his having received the said licence so endorsed as before directed, and to transmit the same to the commissioners

of his maje(lyrscustoms in england*or Scotland or to the come - < missioner

1786.] Anno vteeiiriio feittt dioftgli III CT 4$%

missioner of his majesty's revenue in Ireland respectively, ty whom such licence was granted -

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afdre

said, That if any bread, flour, Indian com, or live flock, shall Goods im be imported or brought from any place or country belonging to Port the said united flares of America, into the said island of new foundlandor the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, with felted out the licence by this act directed;; if any other goods or commodities whatsoever shall be lehported or brought into the said island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or country belonging to th said united states of America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this .aft, ajl such bread, flour, Indian corn, live flock, and other goods, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs in the said island, and the same, as well as the pecuniary penalty in fiided by this act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty which shall have jifrifdidion within the said island of Newfoundland and, after" deducing Hdw to Be the charges of prosecuting the.same from the gross produce divided, thereof, the remainder shall be given, one third to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, one other third to the governor of the said island, and the other third, to the officer or officers of the customs who shall seize and prosecute for the same

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That this act shall continue in force from the commence Continuance ment thereof until the twehty fifthday of March, one thousand tlli8 seven hundred and eighty eight

The Form of the Licence directed by this Act.

By the commiffmers for managing and causing to be levied and collected his Majesty s customs, fobfidies, and other duties, in [where]..

WHEREAS [name of the person], one of

his Majesty s subjects residing at [place

where], hath given notice to us the commissioners of his majesty*i [customs in Great Britain, or revenue in Ireland, ] that he intends to lade at [some port

of the united states in America], and import into [some part of Newfoundland], in the [(hip's name _

a british z ship, [deferibing the tonnage, and what sort of vessel], navigated according to law, whereof [matter's name] is master, bound to [where

and it appearing by the register of the said ship the [(hip's name], whereof [matter's name] is master,

that the said ship the [fhip's name] was built at

[place where], and owned by [owner's name], residing at [place where], all his

G g % majesty*s

annqirijcefimo i&xto Georgii III C 2 — 4. [1786.

jmajejlfii Jtritilh subjecis, and that no foreigner, directly or indirectly % bath any Jbare, party or interest theretn: *

r "tv: ': ''!

Now. bt it known that the said,,, name], bath

licence to Jade on board the said ship flip's name], df

and from any port or place belonging to the. united fates of America, breads flour, Indian corn and live flock, the produce of the said unitedfates, and no other, article whatsoever, and to carry the said bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, to some port or place on the island of Newfoundland, or theadjacent islands to his Majesty belonging 5 and on the arrival of the fa id ship at any port, harbour, or place of discharge in Newfoundland, br the adjacent ifands to his. Majesty belonging, the moser or.person having the charge or command of the said ship is required and enjoined to deliver up the said licence to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty s customs there, and to eridorfe on the back thereof, the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread, flour, or Indian corn, and the description and tale of each sort and species of live flock, on penalty of one hundred pounds; and Shall thereupon receive a certificate thereof from the said collector, or other proper officer of the customs.

This licence to continue in force for calendar

months from the date hereof.

Signed by us the at the

this.. day of one thousand seven

hundred and

Licence to import bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, the produce of the united slates of America, into Newfoundland.

CAP. II

An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

45 Geo. 3. C 61. further continued till one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

CAP. III

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, lo be raffed in Great Britain, for the fervkc of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, at 48. in the pound: 4, 037, 6471. 98. and a farthings \ whereof to beraifed in England 1, 989, 673!. 7s. and iod. farthing: and in Scotland 47, 9541. is. and ad. by an eight months cess of 5, 9941. 5s. and id. three farthings, per menfem. Clause of loan at 4i. and xos.

. percent, per ann.

CAP. IV

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of hi present Majesty, entitled, An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the united state of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty'a dominions and the w inhabitants

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 5 — 8.

inhabitants of the said united states; and for further continuing, for' a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to extend the powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade apd commerce between the fuhjefts of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the united states of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

43 Geo. 3. C 39. 24 Geo. 3. C 45. and %$ Geo. 3. C 5. V recited, and further continued until April j, 1787.

CAP. V

An act to regulate the exportation of hops to Ireland;

45 Geo. 3. C 74. fest. 11. recited. From March 6, 1786, British hops may be exported to Ireland, before duties paid, on giving proper notice, C If not exported agreeable to notice, a fresh notice to be given. Security to be given that the hops shall not be relanded, C Exporter to make oath that he believes the duties have been duly charged, C Particulars to be complied with before any debenture shall be granted for a drawback. Colieftor to pay the drawback. Taking a false oath, C deemed peijury. Hops relanded after giving security,

C shall be forfeited Act not to authorise exporting of hops to anyplace, or in any manner, 'not heretofore allowed; except as in this act is exprefsiy provided. No additional drawback to be allowed, penalties and forfeitures to be recovered as any penalty, C by the laws of exi cife, or by action in any of the courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and one moiety to go to the King, and the other to the informer. Actions to commence three months next after the thing done, and to be laid*in the proper county. Defendant may plead the general iitue, and have treble costs...

VI

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six. — Continued till June 24, 1787.

CAP. VII

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore

CAP. VIII

An act to enable the persons therein named to provide proper places on ftiore for the reception of the crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by stress of weather into the port of Dartmouth.

That it is necessary that some provision fhquld be made for the relief of the people belonging to the Voorberg, a Dutch east-india ship outward bound, which on her passage from Aroftercfam was forced into the port of Dartmouth in great diftrefsj and in consequence of the great fatigue Suffered by the crew, they were become very sickly, many had died, and unless they were removed on shore many more would have died; therefore Arthur Hoidfworth, esq; governor of Dartmouth castle, together with the mayor of Dartmouth, and the colieftor of the cuftoras, or any two of them, empowered to take pofieillon of waste grounds or commons, at a convenient distance from any in habited hou fe, or where such waste grounds, C were not sufficient, of any other fground,, etc; not being a house, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted wal^&c^for the purpose of erecting tents or ftieds, for the reception of the crew of the fartl Ifiip, paying inch rate, rent, or consideration for the same, as Shall see 3gfe6d on. If parties cannot agree on the sent the same to be fet

G g | tied

^34. and viecfimo fexta Georgii Ilk C 9. [1786.

tied by r jury at the quarter sessions, who are to be impanelled by the (beriff without ice or reward, and (worn to Value the ground, See.

CAP IX

An to explain Qtid amend anaft of the last session of parliament, entitled Att z. for granting to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the duties granted, by the said act, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

wrhj£reas several dutjes were granted upon Jhops, by an aff, made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain:, mi whereas we, your Majesty s mo ft dutiful and loyal fab Jess, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajj'embled, do think it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal the duties upon jhops, the yearly rent or value whereof ball be under thirty pounds and to grant unto your Majesty the several new duties hereinafter mentioned, to be applied to the uses and purposes which the said duties formerly granted are now applicable unto; we do therefore xnoft humbly beseech Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and $ornmofc£, jn this present parliament assembled, and by the 5i authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of tics on (hops, thousand seven hundred and eighty six, all the duties

In houses not granted by the said act (except the duty thereby charged on any worth 3ol.per house, or other building or place, of the yearly rent or value of ann. repealed, thirty pounds, and upwards) shall cease, determine, and be no longer pafid or payable; except only such moneys as shall become due in respect of the said duties assessed at any time on or before the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and which shall be in arrear and unpaid.

Jjfew duties. _ II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be charged, railed, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout Great Britain, the several and respective duties upon (hops fierein after mentioned; that is to say.

For every For every house, or other building, now or hereafter to he part^o^which ere$ed* any part of which shall, for the time being, be used shall be used as as 3 (hop publicity kept open for carrying on any trade, or for a retail (hop, selling any goods; wares or merchandise, by retail, and upon worth jl. per every building or place used as a (hop only, for the purposes he der iol^ad re of (be yearly rent pr value of five pounds, abd

in the pound; under ten pounds, the yearly sup of fourpence in the pound of such rent or value: wrth *°1* For every such house, or other building or place, of the yearly ^ 8d?inrthe or vgfus' of ten pounds, and under fifteen poppds, the pound: fun of eight pcgge in the pound of such tm.orwfofi:!

for

preamble. 35 Geo. 3. Of 30*

1786.] Anno wcefimb sexto'georg** III C 9v * 435

For every such house, or other building or place, of the; worth 15i. yearly rent or value of fisteen, pounds,, and under twenty pounds d underaol. the yearly sum of one shilling in the pound' of such' rent or pound 6 value :

For every such house, or other building or place, of thew°rthaou yearly rent or value of twenty pounds, and under twenty-five pounds, the yearly sum of one shilling and threepence in the the pounds pound of such rent or value :

And for every such house.. other, building or place, of the .worth 15!. yearly rent or value of twenty-five pounds, and under thirty pounds, the yearly sum of one (Hulling and nine peace in the?pound, pound of such rent or value: J -

III Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the author.

rity afonefaid. That no duty shall be imposed, aflefied, or le Poorpersons vied by virtue of this, or of the said * act for or in re(pe& not paying to of any such house or (hop, whereof the occupier or occupiers church and by reason of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted p°°r>€xemp * from the axbual payment of the ufud taxes, afleflinems* and contributions towards, the church and poor.

IV And; be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the said duties by this at: imposed, and also the New duties, arrears of the duties granted by the said former ady shall ta ^ ?Cr* theme gether with the said unrepealed duty of two, Shillings iu the mai^gement* pound on every such house, or other building or place, of the apsiapplied fa annual rent or value of thirty pounds and upwards he under the fenae pur the management of the same commffioners, and shall be afleifed, P aia*g" raised Levied, collected, paid, received, and applied*'by fitch andtormer e * the same persons, and for such and the same purpa&s* and in

such and the same form, and manner, and with such arsdt the same allowances, and under such and: tshe fau?ie penalties, as by the fei#i recited act is prescribed, with itefpetft to the duties? thereby imposed; and.alili and eatery the powers authorities rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said acf, and not hereby altered or repealed, so far as. the same were, intended to take effect ant be executed after the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several duties on (hops by this a granted, as fully and effe&uaily* to all intents and pur poles as if the same qc tfee like powers, authorities, rules, dirwions* penalties, forfeitures, clauses masters, and things, were? partseuferiy repeated aod re' ena<fied in the body of this present ah

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That inftpatj of the commission oath required to be taken by the said herein before recited acts, ers to take a every cotnmissioner who.fhast, ftomand after the said fifth day of new oatiu Jpxik fexea hqnd^d; ar pr<^ed tp

rn qp begit* tq* arn the of the? said ahd

of this. a, shall take the folbwing oath;

Gg4 Ida

ithc oath.

luteffort

path;

f)efendanta tnay plead th genial ifluc.

hnd recover treble costs

Anno vfeefimo sexto Georgii III C 10 — 12. [1786.

IDO wear That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commiffmer for the duties on hops, and will determine upon all appeals which Shall be brought before me, according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge.

And every aflessor, or surveyor or inspector authorised to ad as assessor, hall, instead of the oath required to be taken by the said herein before recited act, take the following oath, or, being a Quaker, make the following affirmation: * %

IDO wear, (or affirmas the case may be). That in the af Jeffiment which I Shall make upon every house, building, or place,. liable to the duties on Jhops, within the dijirift or parish for which I am appointed or authorised to aft as ajjeffior, I will rate each at the true annual value, according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trujls reposed in me as such affiffior.

Which oaths, as also all and every other oaths which may be requisite and necessary for carrying into execution this or the said recited act, any two or more of the commissioners within each county, city, or place respectively, are hereby authorised to administer.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

„ That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be * sued t>r prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if Upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant pr defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble qofts to him or them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. X

An act for puniftnng mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their.quarters.

From March 44, 1786, to March 45, 1787. Number of forces 17, 638, including 4, 030 invalids.

CAP. XI

An act for enlarging the term of several acts of parliament, for the repair of Dover harbour.

ari & ia Gul. 3. p. 5. 4 Annie, C 7. 4 Geo. 1. C 13. 9 Geo. X 11 Geo. 4. 31 Geo. 4. C 8. Former acts further continued for ai years. Expenses of this act to be paid out of money arising from rates or duties. To be a public ad. ' ^

CAP. XII

An act For opening, making, widening, and altering certain streets, passages, and places, withip the town of Liverpool, in thexounty palatine of Lancaster; for fupptying the said town with frefih and wholesome

water;

!r] Anno vicesimo.sexto Georgii III C ij, 14.

water; for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; < for appointing additional market places; and for extending so much of the power of an act of the second year of his present maje fty, as relates to hackney coaclimen, chairmen, carters, and porters, to a certain distance beyond the liberties of the said town.

CAP. XIII

An ak to continue and render more effectual so much of an act, passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as imposes a duty on Ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

CAP. XIV

An act to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the several parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surry.

Preamble recites 19 Geo. ». C 3$ & 7 Geo. 3. C 13. A land coal meter's office near Blackfriars bridge appointed, and five subordinate offices, to be managed by David Evans and John Burnett; subject to the control of the quarter sessions. Justices to administer oaths. Appointing other metres in cases of death or removal. Principal coal metre to be sworn. The oath, viz.

I A, B. do swear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do folemnljr affirm], That I will truly and faithfully, according to the best or'my judgement and ability, execute the office of principal land coal metre for the several wharves between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surrey.

t So help me GOD.

Labouring metres to be appointed, and deputies. Pcfcalty on principal metres for not appointing, and on labouring metres for neglecting to attend. Labouring meter's oath, viz.

I A. B, do swear, [or, being of the people Called Quaker, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal metres for the several wharves situate between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surrey, and that will truly and impartially measure, or see measured, all coals between buyer and seller, without favour or hatred.

So help me GOD.

Metres not to be interested in the sale of coals. Deputies neglecting to send a labouring metre, or labouring metres not attending on notice, to forfeit aos. Stations of labouring metres to be varied. Coals to be measured in presence of a labouring metre. coal meter's see, 4d. per chaldron. Tickets to be delivered to the seller or carman, to contain thechristian and surname of the sellers and containers, the quantity, day of the week, month, year of delivery, and admeasurement; the amount of the metage charge, and the name of the carman, C Tickets to be delivered by labouring metre to carman, and by him to the consumer. Labouring coal metres refusing to deliver ticket to the carman, to forfeit d. and on the carman refusing to deiiver it to the consumer, 108. Vender sending coals unmeasured or without a. ticket, to forfeit iol. % Dimensions of tacks to be 4 feet in length, and % feet in breadth; and for ufingfalfe bushel, to forfeit 5i. Wharfingers, &cvbribing metres, to forfeit 50i. Metres permitting deficient fecks to be used, to forfeit 40s. or otherwise not performing their duty, 40s, add incapacitated. ilfhe penalty it not paid within a month, it maj be recovered from, the

principal.

Apoavicesimo sexto Georgii III C 15, 16. [1786.

principal. Exemptions with respect to waterworks, or to coals bought and sold, or delivered by pool me afore; if a metre is employed, to be paid 4d. per chaldron. Metres fullering coals to pass without being roeasured, to forfeit 5i. Carman permitting coals to be taken out of his cart, to forfeit. or be imprisoned. Coals may be re measured. Penalties on vender, metre, etc. if found to be Short measure, 5i. per bushel Short, by the vender, and as. 6d. by per bushel by the coal porter Carmen to be paid as. d. per hour when hopped to re rneafure coals, to be paid by the vender. Dealers offending under this act not liable to penalties of 3 Geo. a. C a6. etc. but as herein mentioned. Penalties and forfeitures if above jt. to be recovered by action of debt, etc. in any court of record at Westminster, one moiety for the King and the other with costs to the prosecutor; and under 5!. to be by complaint to the justices of Surrey, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of the panto; to be recovered by distress and faleof goods, and in default, 30 days' imprisonment. Person aggrieved may appeal to the quarter felftoaa. No certiorari, Actions to commence a months next after fast, and to be laid in Surrey. The defendant may plead the general issue, and have full colts. referv jng the rights of the corporation of the city of London within Southwark,. Public act,

CAP. XV

An act for augmenting and afcectaining the income of the rectors of the parish church and parochical chapel of Liverpool.

Recital of private aft 10 & n Gul. 3. n. 36. apol annually paid the ye&ors since the act, Resolution of the veffry to make an addition of 300l a year to the rectors, etc. The additional apol. a year to be raised upon the occupiers of houses, etc. and to be regulated by the poor's rate of the preceding year. Rower to levy the rate. The cok leftors ate to account with the churchwardens on oath. Itr case the whole money qollefted toali not be received from the collector, a new yate to be made ta make good the deficiency. Appeal to the quarter sessions. The provision by this act to be in lieu of tithes, etc. Not to deprive the rectors of furptice fees. The aool. a year to be, paid the rectors half yearly. Power for rectors to sue for the same. Not to Charge any poor persons or cottagers with the rates for the rectors who are not chargeable with public taxes; nor any inhabitant no renting jl. a year. Saving clause to the patrons of the parish church and chapel. ^ Clause reflecting seat and pews in Saint Nicholas Chapel, Rews vetted m the.rectors. The inhabitants discharged from providing any house or garden for the rectors, Public act. -

Preamble.

14 Geo. "3# C

CAP. XVI

An act to explain and amend certain provisions of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of tie reign of his present Majefth refpetting the better regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india company,

WHEREAS, by virtue of an afty made andpassed in the twenty-fourth year of his present Mayefly's reigny entitled An act for the better regulation and management of the affair of the. east-india company, and of the British pofteflipn* in India y and for, ofta)blij[ning a court of judicature £qr the more speedy and effectual.. of persons accused of offences, eomr mittwin the East Indies y it is enacted* That whenever any fyacancy oftkl office of governor genetal or prefldent% or of any memeffftht

imwxftwhdpjfw h mff pf^dewies.ff Witifam in Bengal, Fort Saint George, Bombay respectwtlys the court cf ifir&hrs ef the did i&ited company flmu proceed H nominate and up'

iy8$.j Anno vlcefinio sexto georgii III C x6.

point a fit person to supply suck vacancy from amongst their covenanted

servants in India, except to the office of governor-general, or the office

of governor or president of Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or of

any commander in chiefs to which several offices the said court of

directors have liberty to appoint any other person or persons: and

whereas a doubt may arise whether, according to the firift letter of

the Jdid aft, the nominations and appointments, made or to be made by

the said court ofdir eftors, of any of the covenanted servants of the

said company to supply the vacant office of any counsellor or counsellors

in any of the presidencies aforesaid, are or would be valid or effectual.',

unless such covenanted servants were actually resident in India at the

times of the making of such nominations and appointments respectively: :

for obviating any such doubt, may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in jhis present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That the nominations and Certain no

apprrifctments which have been, or shall hereafter be made by filiations of

the said court of directors, for supplying any such vacancy or f^vants by

vacancies as aforesaid, of any person or persons under covenant, the court of

or who shall have been under covenant to serve the said united directors de

company in India, were and shall be accepted, held, and taken dared valid.

to have been^nd hereafter to be valid and effectual, wheresoever

such persons were or may happen to be resident at the times of the making such nominations and appointments respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au No person to thority aforesaid, That the said court of directors shall not ap be appointed point any person to be of the council, in any of the said prefi ct the dencies, (other than the governor-general, or the governor or governor ge prefiden^ or commander in chief), who shall not, at the time neral, etc.) of his appointment, have been twelve years at the least, in the who has not whole, resident in India, in the civil line of the company's fer L ee" years vice; and if any such appointment other than as aforesaid shall isfcr be made, .the same hall be null and void. vice.

III And whereas it is in and by the said act also enacted, That A clause in when and fa often as the number of members of any of the councils of Gco: C Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, Shall by death or recitcd» absence, or by reafm of fuknefs, or otherwise, for fourteen days.", be reduced to two, including the. governor-general, or preftdent of such council, the person who shallfiand senior in such provisional appointment as is therein before mentioned, or in case there Shall be no such appointment, then the senior civil servant of the said company upon the fpotfball be called to fitch council, and Shall have a voice therein, in like manner as if be had been appointed thereunto by the. said direftqrs:

and whereas the said recited clause orpfovifio# hath been productive nf difficulty and etnbarraffinent: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That so much and such part of the said and repealed vedted as dirpdts that the fenifcf civil servant of the com patiy upon the spot shall, upon any of thr oecafions, or in any f tfre events aforesaid, be catted to th council of any of the V said

Temporary Counsellors how to he appointed at Fort William, etc.

Part of the recited act, relative to commanders in chies, repealed.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C \6. [1786:

said presidencies, or have voice therein, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IV And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the number of members of any of the councils of Fort Williami Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall, by death or resignation, be reduced to two, including the governor-general, or the president of such council for the time being respectively, and there shall happen to be no person on the spot provisionally appointed to succeed to a seat in such council, the governor-general and council within the presidency of Fort William, and the governor or president and council of Fort Saint George, and the governor or president and council of Bombay, within their respective presidencies, shall, and they are hereby several iy required to call to such their respective councils such peffon from amongst the civil servants of the said company in such government or presidency respectively, who shall have been in the service of the said company in India, as a covenanted servant, for the space of twelve years, at the least, in the whole, as the said governor-general and council, or governors or presidents and councils, in their several presidencies, shall several iy and respectively think fit; and the .person so calied: shall have^t seat and voice in council, and continue to be a member thereof until the vacancy shall be duly supplied and filied, according to the directions of the said recited act, and this presentatftj add that every person who shall be so called by the said governor-general and council, or governors or presidents and councils respectively, to a seat in the council of any of the said presidencies, shall be entitled, for the time he shall continue therein, to the salary and allowance annexed to that office or station, and shall and may continue to hold any other office or employment which he enjoyed at the time of his being called to a seat in council, if compatible therewith; or such office or employment shall and may be held by any deputy, approved and allowed by order in council, during the time of the person so called holding his seat at the council board, such deputy receiving the profits and emoluments thereof for his own use and benefit.

V And whereas it is in and by the said recited act enabled, That the commander in chief of the company's forces in India for the time being shall have voice and precedence in the supreme council next after the govornor general of Fort William; uni that the commanders in chief at Fort Saint George, and Bombay Shall respectively be 'of the council in the said respective presidencies: and whereas it may be more expedient that any such commander in chief Should not, by virtue of his said office, be a member of any of the said respective councils, unless he be specially appointed thereto: be it therefore enacted, That so much and such part pf: the said a as'directs, that the commander in chief of the company's forces in India for the time being, or the commanders in chief in the presidencies or settlements of Fort Saint George and bombay(hall, by virtue of their said respective offices, be a member or members 6f any of the councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, respectively,

1786.] Ahno vicesimo sexto geokcirlil C 16. 441

or have any voice or prefidence therein, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing in this Directors or in any former act contained shall extend to preclude the may appoint court of directors of the said united company from appointing fu^^utbe the commander in chief of the companyvforces in India to be governor ge governor-general or a member of the supreme council at Fort neral, etc. at william in Bengal; or from appoihting either of the said comfort will manders in chief of Fort Saint George and Bombay, to be president

or member of the council for the prefidenoy wherein he shall so dertn^fef* be the commander in chief 5 or to prevent or preclude the court of Fort Saint of directors of the said company from appoihting the governor George, or general of Bengal, or any other member of the supreme council pombarv?to for the time being, to be the commander in chief of the com therecetc pany's forces in India,; or from appointing either of the gover 9 nors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or any of the members of council of the said respective presidencies for the time being, to be commander in chief of the forces within the same presidency of which he shall be the governor or president, or a member of council, if the said court of directors shall think fit and expedient foto do.

VII And whereas it would tend greatly to the Jlrength andfecu rity of the Britishv pojjejjtons in India, and give energy, vigour, and dispatch to the measures and proceedings of the executive government within the respective presidencies, if the governor-general of Fort William in Bengal and the several governors or presidents of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, were vefied with a diferetionary power of acting without the concurrence of their respective councils, or forbearing to aft, according to their opinions in cases of high importance, and ejfentially offefting the public interest and welfare, thereby subjecting themselves personally to answer to their country for so acting or forbearing to aft $ be it therefore enacted. That when and so often in extraordi as any measure or question shall be proposed or agitated in the nary cases, the supreme council at Fort William in Bengal, ox in either of the ^ove]rnor ge" councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the interests ^^actwith of the said united company, or the safety or tranquillity of the out"the con british possessions in India, or any part thereof, are or may, incurrence of the judgement of the governor-general, or of the presidents of the council, such councils respectively, he essentially concerned or affe&edj

and the said governor-general, or such presidents respectively,

shall be of opinion, that it will be expedient either that the measures so proposed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into execution, or that the same ought to be suspended, or wholly rejected, and the several other members of such council then present shall differ in, and diflent from such opinion, the said governor-general, or the president of such council, and the other members thereof, shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with, and communicate in council to each other in writing, under their respective hands,

(to be recorded at large on their secret consultations), the respective grounds and reasons of their respective opinions 5 and

44, 4. _ alido.jn£^flip'&kmg^oft6nllt: JC. [17^

if, after considering the same, the said governor-general, or the said presidents respectively, and the other members of the fa id council shall fever^uy retain their opinions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor-general in the supreme council of Fort William or for either of the said governors or presidents in their respective councils, to make and declare any order to be figaed and subscribed by the said governor-general, or by the governor or president making the same) for fufperid. ingot rejecting the measure or question so proposed or agitated in part or in whole, or to make and declare such order and resolution for adopting and carrying the measure so proposed or agitated into execution, as the said governor-general, or the said governors or presidents in their respective councils, shall think fit and expedientwhich said last mentioned order and resolution, so made and declared, shall be signed, as well by the said governor-general, or the governor or president, so making and declaring the same as by all the other members of the council then present, and shall be as effectual and valid, to all intents and purposes, as if all the said other .members had advised the same, or concurred therein; anything in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithftan<jing; ?od the said members of council, and all officers civil and military, and all other persons concerned, shall be, and they are hereby commanded, authorised, and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and assisting in their respective Rations in the carrying the same into execution.

Governor ge VIIL And be it further enabled. That the said governor-general, etc. to neral, or the governor or president who shall declare and com be^refponu manj any such or(jer or resolution to be made and recorded without the assent or concurrence of any of the other members of council, shall alone be held responsible for the same, and the consequences thereof, the powers IX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing given to the n is ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, governor ge to give power to the said governor-general of Fort jvtlliam in neral, etc, Bengal or to either of the said governors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into execution any order or resolution which, before the passing of this act, could not have been lawfully made and executed with the concurrence of the councils of their respective governments of presidencies; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, Bifcretionary That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed be^exerdfcd ° to cxten<*>to g*v€ any diferetionary power or authority of acting by any gover or forbearing to ad, without the concurrence of the other mem nor general, bers ofcouncil, unto any personon whom the said office of governor etc. who shall general, or the said office of governor or president, respectively ceed\o such happen t0 devolve, by the death or resignation of any go office. vernor general, governor or president, for the time being respectively,

unless such person shall have been provisionally appointed

17^8 6-1 Anno vicesimo ietto gfio&fiilitl CI pointed to fwcceed to fiidi respective office by the court of di redors of the said company or unless and. until he Avail be afterwards confirmed in the said.office by the said court; but that during the time any of the said offices Avail be so held and exe cured by any person, op whom the same Avail have so ©a&aliy devolved, unlifs he Avail have been so provisionally appointed thereto, or until he Avail be so confirmed therein as aforesaid, all matters, a61s, orders, and re foliations of the respective council wherein such persons Avail so preside. Avail be determined by the majority of the council, in the like manner as if this act had not been made; anything hereinbefore contained, to,, the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Avail entitle the said governor-general of Fort William in Bengal or either of the governors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay,. respectively, to make or carry into exect* lion any order or resolution without the concurrence of the councils of their respective governments in any matter which Shall come under the consideration f the said governor-general and governors or presidents, and their councils respectively, in their judicial capacity, or with respect to the making or repealing or fafpending any general rule, order, or regulation, for. the good order and civil government of the said: united company's settlements, or with respect to the itnpofing of any tax or duty within their respective governments or presidencies.

XIL And be it; further enacted, That all; orders and other proceedings of the said supreme council; and of the said councils; os Fort Saint George m.d.. Bombay, rd|>edi: vely, Avail in future be expressed to be made by the governor general in council, or by the governor or president in council, and not other wise; and that all the said orders and proceedings, previous to their being pub LI Aved in the respective presidencies. Avail befigned by the chief secretary to the council of the presidency, or his deputy for the time being, by the authority of the governor-general in council, or the governor or president in council; any act or usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIII And whereas the principle of promotion and advancement intended to be established by the said act, so far as relates to the civil line of the company's service in India, may be tarried into effect with more convenience to the publitk service in the manner herein after dire ft ed; be it therefore further enacted. That all vacancies, happening in any of the offices, places, or employments, in the civil line of the company's service in India, (being under the degree of a member of the council. Avail be from time to time filled up and supplied from amongst the servants of the said company belonging to the presidency wherein such vacancies Avail respectively happen, subject only to the restrictions in this act contained, and no otherwise; anything in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the filling up and supplying such vacancies, no office, place, or employment.

Certain cases in which the new powers shall not be exercised by the governor-general, te.

By whom the orders of the supreme council, tertian be ex.. to he made.

Vacancies m civil offices how to be fop plied.

Rules to be observed in filling up such vacancies.

k6 perfoii to bold several offices to a greater amount than he is qualified to hold in a tingle office.

Members of he secret committee to be sworn.

Anno vicdfitnorfottb geoftoillll C i [178&

ployment, the falaty, perquisites, and emoluments whereof fhaji ekceed fivfe hundred founds per annumr shall be conferred upon or granted to any of the said servants, who shall not have been actually resident in Indict) m the com party's service, for the space of three years atthfe least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy; and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, : or: emptoyment, (hatbejeceed. one thoufanafive hundred pounds per annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the fard servants who shall not have been actually resident \wlndia, in the said service, for the space of six years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy 5 and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall eiceed three thousand pounds per annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants, who shall not have been actually resident in India, in the company's service, for the space of nine years at the least in the whole $ and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall exceed four thousand pounds per annurh)the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants, who shall not; have been actually resident in India, in the company's service, for the space of twelve years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy 5 and that all appointments, advancements, and promotions, which shall be made for supplying any such vacancies, other than: as aforesaid, shall be null and void.

XV And be it further enacted. That no person shall, for Jhe future be capable of taking, in the civil line of the company's service, two or more offices, places; oremployments, the joint amount of the salaries, perquisites, and emoluments of which shall exceed in the whole the annual salary, perquisites, and emoluments respectively prescribed in the regulations and re firidions before mentioned; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI And whereas the said court of directors for the time being are, in and by the said recited act) required from time to time, to appoint a secret committee, to consist of any number of the [aid din ft or st not exceeding three^for the particular purposes in the said act fpecifed, but no oath of secrecy was thereby provided or directed to be taken by the members of such secret committee; be it therefore further enact CD That the oath of the members of the said secret committee shall be of the tenor following; (that is to say),

The oath. X A. B. do swear, That I will, according to the best of my fkili JL and judgement faithfully execute the several trufis and powers reposed in me as a member of the secret committee, appointed by the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose or male known any of the secret orders or inflrufttons which Shall be given, communicated, or transmitted to me by the commijfmers for the affairs of India, concerning the levying of war or the making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or fates of India; save

i786; ] Anno vicesimo sexto georgij III C 445

only to the other members of the said secret committee, or to the person or persons who Shall be duly nominated and employed in tranfcrthing of preparing the same respectivdy\unlefs I Shall be author ifed by the said tommijfioners to difdofe and make known the same

So help me GOD.

XVII And be it further enabled, That the said oath shall when be taken and subscribed by the present members of the said fe t0 b.c.. taken cret committee within fourteen days after this act shall have received his majesty's a (Tent; and that the future members of the

said secret committee shall take and subscribe the said oath, before they shall respectively proceed to act in the execution of the powers and trusts to them given by the said former act, and this present act; and the said oath shall and may be administered 1 by the several and respective members of the said committee to each other; and being so by them taken and subscribed, the same shall be recorded by the secretary of the said court of directors for the time being, amorigft the acts of the said court.

XVIII And be it further enacted. That if the said secret Secret com

committee, in the execution of their said powers and trusts, mittee may shall find it necessary to employ any person in tranferibing or f^^8tran* preparing any secret dispatches, orders, or instructions, required 1 5

to be transmitted by them to India, under the direction of the said former act, the said dispatches, orders, and instructions, shall be tranferibed and prepared, either by thedecretary of the court of directors for the time being, or by the officer called The Examiner of Indian Correspondence, for the time being, and by no other person or persons, unless with the approbation and con tent'of the said commissioners for the affairs of India, or any three or more of them, for that purpose first had and obtained 5 and that as well the said secretary and examiner, as every other who shall take person who shall be intruded with the tranferibing or preparing an oath of fe any of such dispatches, orders, or instructions, shall, before they crecy shall rerpe£hvelv enter upon that duty, take and subscribe, before two or more of the members of the said secret committee, an oath of secrecy, as near unto the tenor and form of the oath herein before provided, and directed to be taken by the members of the said secret committee, as the case will admit; and the members of the said committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to frame and administer such oath accordingly, and to attest the taking and fuhfcribing of the same by the said secretary and examiner, and all other persons who, shall be employed by them as aforesaid, and to cause the same to be recorded amongst the acts of the said court of directors. '. ^

XIX And be it enacted. That this act shall take place and commence have commencement in Great Britain, immediately after this °* act shall have received his majesty's royal assent; and shall take a *

and have commencement, In the several presidencies afore vol. XXXV jhh said.

44& Anjio vicesimo sexto Georgii III C i y^io. [178^.

said, and in they territories thereunto belonging, from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven. Publickatt* XX And be it further enacted. That this at shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, a public at.

CAP. XVII

An act for paving, repairing, clean ling, lighting, and watching the ftreefs, lanes, ways, passages, and places, within the town of Tewkesbury, and the precincts thereof, in the county of Gloucester; for the removal of presect, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for regulating carts and other carriages, and afceftaining the rates of carriage; and for widening some part of the street called Church street, within the said town.

CAP. XVIII

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Deal, and the parilhesof Ripple, Sutton, north bourn, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tiimanltone, betftian ger, Ham, and Sholden, in the county of Kent.,

The mayor, jurats, recorder, and common council men of the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent, for the time being; and several other persons named commissioners to hold a court to be styled the court of requests in the town and borough of Deal. Commissioners to hold courts the first Monday in every month, and three of them to determine all causes where the demand is under 40s. and above as. except for rent where the title may come in question, or testamentary or matrimonial causes, or any ecclesiastical matter, or for money won at gaming, or forfeiture on statute or bye law, or where no promise or acknowledgment in six years, with her usual directions.

CAP. XIX

An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for erecting a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for setting the poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus moneys which have formerly arisen by the assessment for raising the land tax in the said town; and for granting further power to the guardians of the poor of the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

A private a dt of 6 Anns, n. 6. recited. A 3a Geo. %, C 59. recited.

CAP. XX

An adlto amend, and render effedhial, two acts, of the ninth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Act 9 Geo. 3. C 70. & 15 Geo. 3. C 9. recited. Power to raise a further sum Of 6o, oool. by the company of proprietors of the Oxford canal navigation, their successors and assigns at interest, on the credit of the rates and duties, C Arrears of interest upon the share due at midsummer, 1785, mad stock. Proprietors of shares to have such dividends as the company shall direct, not exceeding 4i. percent, per ann. till the canal is completed, and ^30, 000!. paid off, or j percent, per ann. afterwards. Interest of the money borrowed to be paid, in preference to

1786 ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.21 — 24.'

dividends upon the hares. Interest of the money borrowed by virtue of aft 15 Geo. 3. to be first paid. Proprietors may become possessed of one hundred hares each. Power to convey water to the canal from Churchover. The restriction against conveying cpals from the canal down the Isis, Charwell, and Thame towards London, varied, and coals, C may be carried to Reading.

CAP XXL

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Dumbarton.

The preamble recites that the powers granted by the law in Scotland, relative to highways and bridges, and the services in work and money authorised to be exacted, have been found inefficient to amend and keep in repair the roads and bridges within the county of Dumbarton; therefore it is enacted, That the said county be divided into six districts, viz. Row and Rofeneath to meet at Row; Lufs and Aroquhar at Lufs; Dumbarton, Cardross, and Bonnill, at Dumbarton 5 Kilmaronock at Kirkhouse of Kilmaronock; Old Kilpatrick and New Kilpatrick at Old and New Kilpatrick alternately; Eafterand Wester Lenzie at Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch alternately All persons in his own right, or in right of hi wife, in actual possession, as proprietor or liferenter, of lands in the said county, valued in the cess books at one hundred pounds Scots, valued rent, and the eldest son of every person pofteffed of two hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, as above, and the provost and eldest baillie of Kirkintilloch, and the baron baillie on the estate of Cumbernauld, one of the guardians and trustees of minors, and the factors or baron baillies of non resident heritors?, appointed trustees .to put this act in execution.

5 CAP. XXII *

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of fttiall debts within the town and port of Sandwich, and vill of Ramsgate, and the parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer Ash next Sandwich, Eaftry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneftone next winghaem, Chillenden, Npnnington, Woodnefborough otherwise Winfborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Eimestone, Preston next wing ham, Ickhara, and Wickhambreux, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XXIII

An act for the appointment of an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the parish of Weftbury, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XXIV

An act for building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of Salop, and the several boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchises, and places within the same $ and for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for building a new hire hall and guildhall for the county of Salop, and the town of Shrewlbury, in the said county $ and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Justices of the peace of the county, and several boroughs, C appointed commissioners, but not to be interested. John Flint treasurer of the county to be treasurer to the commissioners, and Thomas Wingfield clerk of the peace for the County to be clerk to the commissioners, on giving security, and to have ialaries, C Commissioners may treat for the purchase of lands, and incapacitated persons may treat for the sale of lands. Preinifei to be conveyed on payment of the purchase moneys In case of defect rftitle, etc the sums awarded to be paid into the hands

hosted by

44-8 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.25.

ctf the treasurer, for the use of the parties interested. Money paid to any corporation, etc. to be invested in lands to be settled to the same tifes. Mesne profits may be recovered by the party entitled If the. parties neglect to treat, etc. the value to be settled by a jury, with the usual clauses for that purpose. Money to be raised bv rates on the county, for building new gaol anrd house of correction. Afieffbrs of the land tax to afiefs and levy the rate. Rate not more than 3s. in the pound in the whole, nor more than 6d. in the pound in any one year. Moneys raised by this act to be applied first to pay the expenses of the act, and then to put the same in execution. Commissioners to cause a gaol and house of correction for the county, boroughs, etc. to be built on or near s the garden of Edward Pritchard near the cattle of Shrewsbury, Com

mifiioners to receive and take proposals, and make contracts for building a; new gaol and house of correction, and may appoint a surveyor. Sub committees may be appointed. Power to dig materials out of commons and quarries, etc. That the wards and apartments be so constructed that the males be separated from the females, both by night and * day, and the debtors, etc. from the felons according to the act, 14 Geo. 3, C 59. For obtaining a supply of fresh water, may erect an engine, etc upon the river Severn. Not to prevent places usually supplied with water, from a continuance of such supply, etc. Recompense for damage to land in getting water. For securing a free circulation of air, no building, etc. (except fences not more than 5 feet high) to be erected, nor swine kept within 50 yards of such gaol. Materials vetted in the com mifitoners. Persons'obstructing or damaging buildings, etc. to be punished. Power to remove pritoners to the new gad, when completed, for removal of prisoners from other gaols and houses of correction. After the gaol and house of correction is finilbed, and moneys due on that account are paid, the commissioners to pay the balance of their account to the treasurer, etc. to be disposed of by the justices at the quarter sessions., Gaol and house of correction, when completed, to be insured, and fuppgrted at the expense of the county, etc. No sum to be expended in repairing the gaol, exceeding jl. without an estimate. gaolervand keeper's accounts to be produced, and settled at the quarter sessions. Boroughs, etc. not liable to any rate for insuring, etc. the new gaol. Justices' po*er over the new house of correction, etc. the same as now. Justices may appoint an apothecary and visitors, and report to the sessions the (late of the gaol, etc. Accidental damages may be repaired by order of a justice. gaoler's salary at drferetion of the justices. No allowance to be made to any person incapable of performing the office; except forage and infirmities, at the discretion of the justices, not more than 50!. per ann. to be deducted from the salary of the acting person. All laws applicable to the purposes of this act, to be extended to it. Penalties and forfeitures, not otherwise directed, to be recovered by distress and sale of goods. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to quashed for want of form, etc, Persons prosecuted may plead the general issue, and have treble costs. Actions to commence six months after the fact is committed. Recital of 13 Geo. 3. C ao. is. 4d. in the pound being found insufficient, the further sum of is. in the pound to be raised. Power for commissioners to make avenues to the ihire hall and guildhall in shrewsbury complete.

CAP. XXV

An act for obviating all doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive power of the court of directors of the east-india company to nominate and appoint the governor-general and council of the prefidencj of Fort William in bengal

Preamble. f 17 HERE AS doubts have arisen whether, on the nomination and

YV appointment of a governor-general or any of the several other

members

449

ijrs6*] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 26.

members of the council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in the East Indies, under and by virtue of an act, pojfed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty s reign, entitled, An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the 14 Geo. $. east-india company, and of the British poffeftions in India; and C for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences com mi ted in the East Indies, his Majesty's approbation of the same, under his ftgn manual, be by law required, therefore, for removing all doubts respecting the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted;; be it declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirltual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That his His majesty's majesty's approbation of the nomination and appointment of approbation the governor-general, and of the several other members of the council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, is*not, nor governor ge shall be necessary to render such appointments respectively good neral, etc. of and effectual in law; and that all nominations and appointments Fort William of any such governor-general, or other member or members of not necessary the said council of Fort William, by authority of the court of diredtors of the said company, fincethe passing of the before mentioned act, were good, valid, and effectual in the law, notwithstanding his majesty's approbation of the same was not signified to the said company, or to the court of diredtors of the said company, under his majesty's sign manual.

CAP. XXVI

An act to amend and render more effectual the several laws novo in force for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the british dominions in Europe; and for granting bounties for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions.

WHEREAS the bounties granted to a certain number of vessels Preamble.

employed in the British fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, by an all passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the encouragement of the fisheries 15 Geo. 3. carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominic. 31* ons in Europe; and for securing the return of the fishermen,

Tailors, and others employed in the said fiiheries, to the ports thereof at the end of the fishing season, will expire on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven: and whereas, at the expiration thereof it is expedient that new bounties Should be granted, for a limited time, under certain conditions, limitations, and restrictions: and whereas it has been found by experience, that several of the provisions and regulations contained in the laws now in force for encouraging the fisheries, carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, are inefficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and that it is requisite that other provisions and regulations Should be enabled: to that end, be it therefore enacted by

H h 3 the

After Jan. i, 1787, bounties to be given to vessels fitted out from Great Britain, etc. for the Newfoundland fishery,

qualified, etc, agreeable to io8cngul. 3 C *5.

450 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 26. [1786.

the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and alter the first day of January, pne thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the respective bounties heroin after mentioned shall be paid and allowed annually, for ten years, to a certain number of ships or vessels employed in the British fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, under the limitations and restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say. That such vessels shall appear by their register to be briiifh built, and wholly owjjied by his majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflahds of Guernsey, Jersey or Man; and shall be navigated each with a matter, and at lead three fourths of the mariners being British subjects, usually residing in his majesty's European dominions; and shall be in other respects qualified and subject to the same rules and restrictions as are prescribed by an acts, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third, entitled. An act to encourage the trade to Newfoundland 5 and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port in Great Britain, or from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and after that day in each succeeding year, and shall proceed to the banks of Newfoundland; and having catched a cargo of fish upon those banks confiding of not less than ten thousand fish by tale, shall land the same at any one of the ports on. the north, the east, or the south side of the island of Newfoundland, between Cape Saint John and Cape Raye on or before the fifteenth day of July in each year, and shall make one moje trip, at least, to the said banks, and return with another cargo of fish catched there, to the same port: in which case, the one hundred vessels which shall first arrive at the island of Newfoundland from the banks thereof, with a cargo of fish catcher! there, confiding of ten thousand fish by tale, at the least, and which, after landing the same at one of the ports within the limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, shall proceed again to the said banks, and return to the said island with another cargo of fish, shall if navigated with not less than twelve men each, be entitled to forty pounds each; but if any of the said one hundred vessels, so first arriving as aforesaid, shall be navigated with less than twelve men each, and not less than seven, they shall be intitjed to twenty-five pounds each: provided always. That if, in either of the cases before mentioned, any of the one hundred vessels, so first arriving as aforesaid, shall be wholly navigated by men going out upon shares, that is to say, receiving a certain share of the profits arising from the voyage in lieu of wages, such of the said vessels as shall be so navigated by not less than twelve men each, shall be entitled to fifty pounds each; and if so navigated with a less number than twelve men, and not less than seven, shall be entitled to thirty-five pounds each. And further, that shall so arrive, the one hundred vessels which shall next so arrive in order of

time,

Bounties to be paid the first 100 vessels which fh*ll arrive at Newfoundland with a cargo of fish;;

to the second ioo vessels which

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 26. 451

time, on or before the said fifteenth day of July in each year, at the said island, with a like cargo, and shall proceed again to the said banks, and return from thence in the manner herein before mentioned, shall, if navigated with not less than twelve men each, be entitled to twenty-five pounds each; but if such one hundred vessels, so arriving as aforesaid the next in order of time, shall be navigated each with leis than twelve, and not less than seven men, they shall be entitled to eighteen pounds each : provided also. That if in either of the cases last mentioned, any of the vessels so arriving next in order of time as aforesaid, shall be so navigated wholly by men going out upon shares, that is to say, receiving a certain share of the profits arising from the voyage in lieu of wages, such of the said vessels as shall be so navigated by not less than twelve men each, shall be entitled to thirty-five pounds each; and if so navigated with a less number than twelve men, and not less than seven, shall be entitled to twenty-one pounds each; upon the matter or owner of every Certificates to such vessel respecttively producing to the collector or other prin be produced eipal officer of his majesty's customs, at the port in Great Britain to th c<^le<> from whence such vessel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the g™* from either of the said islands of Guernjey, Jersey,, Alderney, to vernor of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs in some newfound port of Great Britain, a certificate, under the hand and seal oflan<j.®ft^e the governor of Newfoundland, that the matter of such vessel had of ship«a etc, produced to him a certificate, under the hands of the collector V and comptroller of the customs at the port from whence such vessel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, under the hands of the governor, or deputy governor, and principal officer of the customs there, testifying that such vessel was duly qualified to proceed on such fishery in perfuance of the before recited act, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third 5 and that it has been made to appear to his satisfaction, by a certificate under the hand and seal of the laval officer of the district in Newfoundland where such fish was landed, or, where there is no naval officer, under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his majesty's ships Rationed there, or of such officer as the governor shall approve, specifying the time of such vessel's arrival in manner before diredied, that such vessel was entitled, by the priority and time of her arrival, to one or other of the bounties therein mentioned, as the fa & may be; and that Matters and the matter and mate of such vessel had made oath, before such matestomake naval or other officer as aforesaid, that the number of fish taken oath on the first trip amounted to ten thousand at lead by tale; that he had made two trips at lead, and that all the fish on both trips were catched on the banks of Newfoundland by the crew of such vessel only; which certificate and oath the said governor, and naval or other officer as aforesaid, are hereby empowered and required to grant and administer to the matter and mate of such vessel, without fee or reward; and upon delivering up the said collectors of certificate to such collector, the respective bounties therein men customs to

Hh4 tionedp^theboun

'* ties

45* Anno vi.cefimo sexto Georgii III C 25. [1786.

tionecj ljbau be paid by such collector in such and the like manner, and out ot the fame/unds, as the bounties herein before

mentioned to have been granted by the fajd recited a, made it) the said fifteenth year of the reign of his prefect Majesty. Number of IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mahners^e That in each and every certificate of a ship being duly qualified longing to as aforesaid to proceed on the said fishery, there shall be inserted each yeffel to the real number of the mariners then belonging to such vesse], the cevt^fi510 anc *nter^ec* tc> he employed in the said fishery, distinguishing ofequahfica^e low many f them are new or green men, and whether they tiqp, are hired upon shares, or are to receive wages; which facts are

to be verified on the oath of the master of the vessel, made or taken before the person who shall grant the said certificate, and who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and to insert such facts in such certificate; and if such vessels shall be cleared out from the said islands of Guernfeyr Jersey or Alderney, then such oath shall be taken before a magistrate of the royal court, in the presence of the principal officer of the customs who shall grant such certificate, the whole to be attested by the governor of each of the said islands respec tivelv; on failure whereof, such vessels shall be excluded from, the benefit of this act, and shall not be iqtitled to or receive any of the bounties herein befpre granted,

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Certificates That the several certificates to be given and affidavits taken in given and af Newfoundland as aforesaid, in order to satisfy the said governor in Newfound the said island, as to the f^dls to ground his certificate there land, when to upon, as herein before directed, for the payment of the said be tranfinit bounties, shall and are hereby required, within the district of ted to the go ga'lnt John's in the said island of Newfoundland, to be transmitted yernor, j0 the said governor at Saint John's, before the fifteenth day of

September in each year, and within any other diftridf in the faicj island before the thirtieth, ay of September in each year, in order that he may perfectly examine the documents, and thoroughly investigate the same, so as to be able clearly and justly to settle the times of the arrivals as aforesaid of the several and respective vessels, and adjust the different bounties, and to whom they are and ought several ly to be paid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mdlers of That every matter of a vessel, entitled to any of the bounties velfcls, previ herein before granted, shall, before he shall receive the same, ous to receiv or any part thereof, make oath before the collector and comp tie t^make" tro^er» or cbitef officer at the port in Great Britain where

V oath relative 2rrive on his return from the said fishery upon the

to the number banks of Newfoundland, that all the men belonging jo his ftiip of their men who sailed out with him, or a number of men equal thereto, xtturned. re returned to Great Britain, qnlefs any of his crew shall have died at Newfoundland or in the said voyage, either on the passage out or return home, or have defined without his knowledge or consent, or have been shipped in, or on board British vessels,, for foreign markets $ which facts shall also be verified on

oath

453

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 26,

oatjh by every such mailer, before the said officers or officer of the customs, who are rel'peftively hereby authprifed and required to administer the same. 9

V And whereas y by the said recited ary made in ihefifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That no hirer or employer Shall pay or advance to any seaman or fisher man y or either of them, during the time he Shall be in his service y more than half the wages which Shall at any time be dye to him: and whereas, in the case of green men, the advance of one half of the wages may not always be sufficient to fit them out and clothe them for the season;; it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may whatpropor be lawful for the hirer or employer of any such green men en tion of their gauged in the said fishery, to advance to any such green man, wages shall during the time he shall be in his service, a sum not exceeding ^ men five pounds ten Shillings, although the same shall amount to during the more than one half of the wages which shall be due to him, pro time of their vided a sum equal to the then current price of a man's passage service, home, not exceeding forty Shillings for each man, be reserved

to bear the charge of his return home, as directed by the said before recited at of the fifteenth year of his present majesty's reign.

VI And whereas in and by the said recited act, made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty s reign, it is direfled. That in case any seaman or fijherman Shall at any time wilfully absent himself from bis duty or employ, without the leave and consent of his hirer or employ ery or the agent of such hirer or employer, or Shall wilfully neglesl or refuse to worky according to the true intent and meaning of his (ontraft or agreement, he shall^for every day he Shall Jo absent himself or neglebi or refuse to work, forfeit two days pay to such owner or employer; and whereas the said penalties have been found inefficient;

be it therefore enabled, That, where any such seaman or fiffier Penalty on man shall so wilfully absent himself from his duty or employ, seamen, etc. without the leave or consent of his hirer or employer, or shall absenting wilfully neglecft or refuse to wok, for the space of one day, he from orneg shall, for every day he shall so absent himself, or wilfully neglect ie&ing their or refuse to work, forfeit any number of days pay not exceeding employ, five, as the said governor of Newfoundland, or his surrogate, may think just and reasonable; and such forfeiture shall be paid to the hirer or employer of such seaman or filherman, in re compence for the loss or damage which he may have sustained fey means of, or through such absence, neglect of duty, or re fjufal to work.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, before any oil or blubber, imported from Newfoundland Mailer to be into Great Britain, shall be admitted to entry duty free, the (worn before master, or other person having or taking the charge or com °jj r blubber mand of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath entry^duty before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the free. port in Great Britain into which the said oil or blubber is imported, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer fq'ch oath, } that the same, and every part thereof, i really and

T bona

454 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IJI. C 26. [1786.

bona side the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subjects carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions 5 any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A fimitar That, before any seal skins, imported from Newfoundland into oath to be ^ Great Britain, shall be admitted to entry duty free, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath before the collettor, or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain into which such seal skins are imported, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such oath), that the same are really and bona side the skins of seals actually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the said island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subjects carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clause rela That, in case any oil, blubber, or seal skins, shall be purchased tive to oil,; n the said island of Newfoundland, or the parts adjacent, and

edcatpnew imported into Great Britain from thence, the same shall and found land" may be admitted to entry duty free, provided the master, or and imported other person having or taking the charge or command of the from thence ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath of all and britainrcat evei7 particulars respecting the purchase thereof, before the u a lu collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain into which such oil, blubber, or seal skins, are imported, (who is hereby authorised and'required to administer such oath); and shall produce and deliver to such collector, or other chief officer, a certificate, under the hand and seal of the naval officer of the district in Newfoundland where such oil, blubber, or seal skins, were purchased; or if there shall not be any naval officer at such place, then under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his majesty's ships, stationed there, testifying that oath had been made before him, (who is hereby authorised and required, in such case, to administer the same), by the person or persons who actually caught the fish from which the oil, blubber, or the seals from which the skins mentioned in such certificate was produced or came, that such oil or blubber was really and bona side the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea, or that such skins were really and bona side the skins of seals, aflually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subjects carrying on the said fiihery from his majesty's European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions: and provided such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel so importing such oil, blubber, and seal skins, shall also make oath,

before

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 26. ASS

before such collector or other chief officer, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that the oil, blubber, or seal skins so imported, are the same oil, blubber, or seal skins, mentioned and referred to in the said certificate.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, upon the importation of any foreign salt into this king Bond to be dom from any place from whence, and in the manner in which given to his such salt may be legally Imported, the importer or proprietor of ^y^ent of such salt shall be at liberty to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs the old fub and successors, for the payment of the duty commonly called fidy, etc. on The Old Subjidy, and all further subsidies, imports, and duties, the importa due and payable to and for the customs upon such salt, wjthin tion ot at the space of twelve calendar months from the date of such bond, but without any discount or allowance for prompt payment of the said duties, or either of them; which bond the collector and comptroller of his majesty's curtoms at the port of importation are hereby authorised to take in his majesty's name, and thereupon to permit such salt to be entered and landed in the usual manner; and if such salt shall be exported again Such bonds to within the said space of twelve calendar months, the bonds which be cancelled, shall have been given for the said duties thereon, shall be can eqcr‘tat" 0nx* celled and discharged; and in case the full duties payable to the thereof with customs for such (alt shall have been paid at or before the expi in 1% months,, ration of the said twelve calendar months, and such salt shall be afterwards exported into foreign parts within the time allowed by law, a drawback of all the said duties which were so paid shall be allowed in the same manner as the former drawback of the customs upon the exportation of salt was, could, or might be paid; and such salt shall be subject and liable to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this acct), as such salt was subject and liable to by any as or acrts of parliament in force before the making of this act.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall not be lawful to or for any person or persons con Not to use cerfied or employed in carrying on the said fishery, or for any any sean or seaman or fisherman hired for the purpose of carrying on the pet for catch said fishery, to use, or cause to be made use of, on the (hores of j e the said island of Newfoundland, any sean or net of any kind or than four in description whatsoever, for the purpose of catching cod fish by ches in cur hauling such sean or net on shore, or tucking such sean or net menfion. into any boat or boats, the scale or mesh of which said sean or net shall be less in dimension than four inches, under the penalty of forfeiting the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence 5 which offence may be heard and determined, and the penalty hereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the court of session of the said island, provided that such offence be complained of within the space of three calendar months after the comrmflion of the same.

XII And whereas it is ejfential to the naval Jlrength of Great Britain that the deferiion of feqmen and fifbtmsn employed in the

fishery

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii Ilf. C 2 [1786.

committed,

etc.

fishery Newfoundland, and the parts adjacent Should be prevented: and whereas, by reason of their superior Jkill as seamen and fish ermen, and as artificers of the implements and utmfils necessary to the carrying on of such fisheries, they are, by great temptations, exposed to be Jeduced into the service and employ of the subjects of foreign fates: and whereas the regulations and provifons made in and by an act, passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, hereinbefore mentioned, are not sufficient to prevent the desertion of such seamen and fijhermen to the service of the subjects of foreign fates; If any Britffti be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any seaman, etc. Teaman or fisherman, hired or employed in the carrying on of shall desert or the said fishery, shall desert from the said island of newfound fn>mnew clt or fr°m said fishery, with intent to enter into the fer foundland, vice of any foreign state, or of any of the subjects of any foreign with intent to state, or shall have in any wise agreed foto absent himself or enter into the desert with such intent, or shall have actually entered into such ford^nfta^ ^erv^ce as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the he may be * governor of Newfoundland, or his furrogates, or for the judge of

-- -- ' the vice admiralty court for the time being, or for any justice of

the peace in Newfoundland respectively, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend such person so deserting, or having agreed to desert as aforesaid, and on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or Vvitneffes, to commit him to prison, there to remain until the next court of session which shall be held in pursuance of the commission of the governor for the time being; and if, found guilty of the said offence at such session, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of session to order such defefter as aforesaid to be detained in prison, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, in case he shall have come from his majesty's Europeandominions for the purpose of carrying on the fiftieries aforesaid.

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for such governor, within the space of three months, if he shall see fit, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to cause every such person so having deserted, or agreed to desert, to be put on board a passage ship or vessel, in order to his being conveyed back to the country to which he belonged, and for which the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall be paid in manner herein after mentioned; and every matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such passage ship or vessel, shall be, and is hereby required to take on board such and so many of such persons as the said governor shall direcf, not exceeding four for each one hundred tonnes cf the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and foin proportion for every such ship or vessel under one hundred tonnes provided nevertheless, That no person shall be so put on board of any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burden of forty tonnes: but if any person or persons convicted of desert iefty's Euro ing or agreeing to desert as aforesaid, shall not have come

from

and sent home:

bnt if not from his Main

osted by

from his majesty's dominions for the purpose of car pean domini

rying on the fhheries aforesaid, then, andin such case, that it ?n he shall and may be lawful for the said court of session to commit forumonths. such person or persons to prison, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months.

XIV And whereas it is of great importance to the trade, manufacture, and navigation of Great Britain, and of his Majejlfs dominions in Europe, that all trade and mercantile intercourse between his Majeffs subjects, refiaing or carrying on fifloery in the island of Newfoundland with the'subjects of any foreign state, Should be prohibited; and whereas it is ejfentially necessary to the preservation of the benefits arising from the fishery afore said, to prevent the sale of any hips, vessels, or boats, or of the tackle, apparel, or furniture of the same, and of all and all manner of utensils and implements, which are or may be used in catching and curing fi/h, and also of all articles. and commodities of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the said island of Newfoundland, to the subjebs of any foreign fate, or to any other than the subjects of his Majejfy, his heirs and successors, and also to prohibit the pur chase of any goods or commodities whatsoever, from the subjefrs of any foreignfate; be it therefore enacted

by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Fishermen at person or persons, re(iding in or carrying on fishery in the said Newfoundland of Newfoundland, or on the banks thereof, there to sell, fe?ror°baner barter, or exchange, any ship, vessel, or boat, of what kind or any veiled, description soever, or any tackle, apparel, or furniture, used or etc.toorwith which may be used by any ship, vessel, or boat; or any feans, any foreigner, nets, or other implements or utensils, used or which may be used in catching or curing fish, or any kind of bait whatsoever used or which may be used in the catching of fish; or any kind of fish, oil, blubber, seal skins, peltry, fuel, wood, or timber, to or with any person or persons whatsoever, other than the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons, redding or carrying on fishery Offenders in the said island of Newfoundland, shall there fell, barter, herein to be or exchange orcaufeto be sold, bartered, or exchanged, or shall committed; endeavour to sell, barter, or exchange, or shall be aiding or assisting in selling, bartering, or exchanging, or causing to be sold, bartered, or exchanged, any such ship, vessel, boat, or any tackle, apparel, or furniture, used or which may be used for the purpose of navigating any ship, vessel.. boat; or any feans, nets, or other implements or utensils, used or which may be used in catching or curing fish; or any kind of bait whatsoever used or which may be used in catching fish; or any fish, oil, blubber, seal skins, fuel, wood, or timber, to any person or persons, being the subjects of any foreign date, it shall and may be lawful to and for the governor of Newfoundland, or his furrogates, or for any justice of the peace in Newfoundland, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend every such offender, and, or the oath of one or^fiore credible witness or witnesses, to com ‘ a mit

and to forfeit treble the value of the articles foid, etc.

Such fi tier men not to purchase any goods of, or to barter with foreigners for the same.

Offenders to be committed, and to forfeit treble the value of the goods.

Not to extend to the impor

'Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii JIL C 2 6. [1786.

mit him to prison, there to remain until the next court of session which shall be held in pursuance of the commission of the (j^id governor for the time being; and all and every such person or per ions, if found guilty of the said offence at such session, shall forfeit and pay treble the value of the articles so sold or caused to be sold, or attempted to be sold as aforesaid, or bartered or taken in exchange, or in the selling, bartering, or exchanging of which, or causing to be sold, bartered, or exchanged, such person or persons was or were aiding or assisting, and the same shall be levied of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the said court of session for that purpose; and in case no goods upon which such distress can be made shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said court to order such person or persons to be punished and dealt with in the same manner as is herein before directed with respect to deserters or persons agreeing to desert.

XVI And whereas it is highly injurious to the trade and manu failures of his Majejlfs dominions in Europe, that persons residing or carrying on fishery in the island of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland, Should be supplied with any goods or commodities whatsoever by the subjects of any foreign fate; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, residing or carrying on fishery in the island of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland, shall there purchase, or take in exchange, or by way of barter, or cause to be purchased, or taken in exchange, or by way of barter, or be aiding or assisting in the purchasing, bartering for, or taking in exchange, any goods or commodities whatsoever, from any person or persons being a subject or subjects of any foreign (late; and that every person or persons residing or carrying on fishery in the said island of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland, who shall there purchase, barter for, or take in exchange, or shall cause to be purchased, bartered for, or taken in exchange, any such goods or commodities in manner aforesaid, shall be apprehended and committed to prison, and, on due conviction before the court of session, shall forfeit treble the value of such goods or commodities so purchased, or taken in barter, or exchange, or procured to be purchased, or taken in barter or exchange, or in the purchase, barter, or taking of which in exchange, such perfop shall have been aiding.or assisting, and the same shall be levied of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the said court of session for that purpose; and in case no goods upon which such distress can be made shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said court to order such person or persons to be punished and dealt with in the same manner as is herein before directed with respect to deserters or "persons agreeing to desert.

XVII Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall; extend, or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent

bread.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 26. 459

, bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, from being imported tation of into the said iftand of Newfoundland in certain British vessels, bread>etc* in pursuance of an act passed in this present session of parliament..

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the sum for which the said governor shall agree with the No more than master, or other person having or taking the charge or com 40$. to be mand of any ship or vessel, for the passage of any person or per jrageof any fons from the said island, to the place or places to which he or person from they belonged, shall in no case exceed the sum of forty Shillings newfound for each person, and shall be paid to the master of such ship or land, etc. vessel out of the moneys which shall arise from forfeitures incurred for any offence committed against this actor the ah he rein before recited, upon fpch mailer producing, to the said cqurt of session, a certificate, under the hand and seal of such governor, of the numbers and names of the persons respectively taken

. on board by his direction, and of the times they were taken on board respectively, and the several Turns agreed to be paid as aforesaid; which films the court of session are hereby required to cause to he paid to such master, if sufficient funds for that purpose fhafi remain in the hands of the said court.

XIX And be it aifo enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Such pay

if no sufficient fund for the payment of any Turn or sums, foments in case agreed upon as aforesaid, shall remain in the hands of the said the court of session, then and in such case every such master, or for thatupur other person having or taking the charge or command of such pose, to be ship or vessel, who shall have taken on board any number of made by the persons by order of the governor, in manner herein before di grfof the*na redted, upon producing a certificate under the hand and seal of yjf0 e na the said governor, in manner herein before directed, and making an affidavit at his return, setting forth the time during which he subsisted such person or persons, and that he did not, during that time, want any of his own compliment of men, or how many he did want of such compliment, and for what time,

shall receive from the commissioners of the navy for the time being (who are hereby required to cause the same to be paid) sixpence per diem for the passage and provisions of such person or persons from the day of their embarkation homeward to the day of their arrival in Great Britain, the said sum of sixpence per diem only being dedudted for such time and so many persons as he wanted of his compliment during his voyage.

XX And whereas 'it is enacted in and by an all passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for Recital of granting certain duties in the briti/h colonies and plantations in 4 Geo* 3* America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an c‘i, y act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his majesty*sfugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise

by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending, pfotediing, and securing the said colonies and plantations;

for

for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for the encourage went of the Greenland and Eastland trades? and for the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and'disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the'trade between the same "and Great Britain; That if any British hip or vessel Shall be found sanding into, of coming out. from, either oj the ifands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, or hovering or at anchor within two leagues of the coajl thereof dr hall be discovered to have taken any goods or merchandizes on board af either of them, or to have been there for that purpose, such ship or vessel, and all the goods so taken on board there, hall be forfeited and lost, and hall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer of his Majesty's customs;; the maler, or other person having the charge of such hip or vessel, and every per/on concerned in taking such goods on board hall forfeit treble the value thereof: and whereas the provisions of the said recited at? may not be sufficient to e/fefluate the good purposes thereby intended, or to prevent the export or sale of ships vessels, and boats, and of all other the goods and commodities hereinbefore enumerated and prohibited to be sold to the subjects of any foreign fate, of the pur chase and import of the goods and commodities of such foreign Officers of his fates; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That majesty's it shall and may be lawful for all and every officer or officers, ^nevdoutid^ command of any of his majesty's ships stationed at

land may de" island of Newfoundland, to flop and detain all and every ship

tain fufpetfed vessel, or boat, of what nature or description soever, coming to, vessels, and or going from the said island, and belonging to, or in the fer search them: vice or occupation of any of his majesty's subjects residing in trafficking with or carrying on fishery in the island of Newfoundland, adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland which he shall have reason to suspect to be going to, or coming from, the islands of Saint Pierre or Miquelon, fof the purposes before mentioned, in any place within the limits of their Ration, and to detain, search and examine, such (hi p vessel, or boat; and that.if, upon such search or examination, it shall appear ro such officer or officers that there is reasonable ground to believe that such ship, vessel or boat, or any tackle apparel, or furniture, used, or which may be used, by any ship, vessel, or boat, or any implements or utensils used, or which may be used, in the catching or curing of fish or any fish, oil blubber, seal skins, fuel, wood, or timber, then on board of such ship, vessel, or boat, was or were intended to be sold, bartered for, or exchanged, to the subjects of any foreign state, or shall be discovered to have been so sold, bartered for or exchanged; or if any goods or commodities whatsoever shall be found on board such ship, vessel, or boat or shall be discovered to have been on board, having been purchased or taken in barter or exchange from the subjects of any foreign state 5 then, and in every such case to seize and send back such ship, vessel, or

boat.

and if any contraband goods are found on board, such vessels and

goods shall be forfeited

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.26j.

boat, to the island of Newfoundland \ and that such, ship, vessel, j or boat, and such goods and commodities so found on bpard, 1 shall, upon due condemnation, be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted for that purpqfe, by the officer or officers so seizing the same, in the vice admiralty court of the said island of Newfoundland; such forfeiture to be given, one moiety to the said officer or officers, and the other moiety to the governor of Newfoundland ior the time being, to be applied, under the direction of such governor, in defraying the passages home of such person or persons as by this or any former act are directed to be sent back to the country to which they belong.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, in case any libel, information, or other suit or proceeding Clauferelative whatsoever, shall be commenced and brought to trial, in the court of vice admiralty in the said island of Newfoundland, on jan<l account of the seizure of any ship, vessel, boat, or goods, for count of the the condemnation of the same, for any of the causes herein seizure of before mentioned, wherein a decree shall be pronounced for or veffcl8> etc in favour of the defendant or defendants, claimer of claimers thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause for seizing the said ship, vessel, boat, or goods, the judge before Whom the said cause shall be tried shall certify on the record that there was a*probable cause for the seizing of the said ship, vessel, boat, br goods; a copy of which certificate shall be delivered to the prosecutor, under the hands and seals of such judge or judges; and that, in such case, the defendant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who seized such ship, vessel, boat, or goods, be liable to any action, indidtmenr, or other prosecution, on account of such seizure; and that if any action, indidlment, or prosecution, shall be brought or preferred against any person or persons, who shall have obtained such copy of such certificate as aforesaid, in any of his majesty's courts in Great Britain, such copy shall be admitted in evidence on behalf of the defendant or defendants, and shall have the. like force and effedf as the certificate on record would have had in the case of such action, indictment, or other prosecution, being brought Or preferred in the island of Newfoundland.

XXII And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action, indidlment, or other prosecution, shall be Plaintiff gain, commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons ing a verdits: whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such ship, vessel, boat, or goods, wherein a verdict shall be given against the cog if there defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom was probable such action or prosecution shall be tried shall certify on the re cause of feiz cord that there was a probable cause of such seizure, that the ure plaintiff, besides his ship, vessel, boat, or goods, so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be infilled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit nor (lull the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

Vol, XXXV I i XXIII And

vicesimo sexto georgm III C 26. [1786l

. xxifl. .And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforefaf$*at if any person or persons shall, at any time or actions. thtifers*, .S or prosecuted for anything by him or them

done ov execured in pursuance of, or by colour of this act, or of any, matter of thing in this act contained, such action or prp fecutibn shall be commenced within the space of three months after the offence shall "have been committed; and in case the person ov persons making such seizure as aforesaid shall have quitted the said island of Newfoundland before the expiration of three months from the time of the offence committed, then that such action or prosecution shall be commenced within General issue. three months after his or their return to Great Britain; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence for his and their defence, and that the same was done in prosecution and by authority of the said act : and if it shall appear foto have been done, then the court (hail adjudge and decree, or the jury shall find in the courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland respectively, for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, libel, or other pror ceedings in the courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland, after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the Treble costs. plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law,

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Fines and for that all and every the tines or penalties inflicted by this act, or fcited goods, ^ by the acts herein before recited, and robe levied upon the sea applied? t0 ^ men or fishermen, except those for neglect of duty; and that

such ships, vessels, or goods, as shall beseized, condemned, and forfeited as before mentioned, except such the distribution whereof is otherwise directed by this act, shall be given, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the governor of Newfoundland for the time being, to be applied, under the direction of such governor, in defraying the passages home of such person or persons as by this or any former act are directed to be sent back to the country to which they belong.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authoriry aforesaid. Part of the That so much of the said recited act of the fifteenth year of the a of, 5t*de° r^]sn f hi present Majesty, as gives any jurisdiction to the

3. repea. court of vice admiralty for the said island of Newfoundland with

respect to inquiring into and determining disputes concerning the wages of any seamen or fishermen, or any offence committed by any hirer or employer offfuch seamen or fishermen, or any controversies or differences arising from their contracts or agreements, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the clauses, matters, and things in the said herein before recited acts contained, which are not altered or repealed by this present act, shall continue and remain in full force.

. ' C A Pa

The recited acts (except, 81c.) to remain j in force.

17$6.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 23?.'

463

CAP. XXVII

An act for authorising the lord chief baron, and remanent barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated money ar ifing ftom the forfeited and lately annexed efates in scot land, to pay a certain sum to the society in Scotland for propagating cbriflian knowledge, for the purposes, and under the conditions therein mentioned.,

WHEREAS by 'an act, made in the twenty fifth year of the Preamble.

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituledf.

An act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the 45 Geo, a. C crown unalienably, and for making satisfaction to the lawful 41 creditors thereupon j and to establish a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits'thereof for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future; all and every the lands and estates which were then in the hands of his Majesty by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, and certain other persons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of these realms; and it was declared lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by commission under the privy seal of Scotland, to authorise commissioners and trufees for managing the said efiates, and applying the produce'thereof: and whereas his aid late Majesty, and his present Majesty, did, in pursuance of the said act, from time to time, by cornmtffions under the said privy seal of Scotland authorise the persons therein several ly named as commissioners and trufees to manage the said efates, and apply the produce thereof $ and the said commissioners didy among other things in execution of the trufy efablifh schools in different places in the remote parts of the Highlands of Scotland, and grant annual salaries to the persons appointed teachers in the said schools, payable from the rents and produce of the said forfeited efates: and whereas by an act, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Mafeftys reign, entitled, An at to enable his 14 Geo. 3. C Majesty to grant unto major-general Simon Fraser the lands and estate of the late Simon lord Lovat, upon certain terms and conditions, the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty was repealed, in as far as related to the estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late lord Lovat, which was thereby difannexed from the crown, and was afterwards granted by his Majesty to the said major-general Simon Fraser: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty*s reign, entitled, An act 44 Geo. 3. C to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former pro 57* prietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an a passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said at, the said act of the twenty fifth year of his said late Majesty ivas repealed, in as far as respected the other forfeited efiates, besides the estate of the said Simon late lord Lovat; and it was enacted.

LI %

That

4^4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C zji {1786*

That it Should and might be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and sue cejfors, to give, grant, and dispone, to the persons therein named and described, being the representatives of the persons who forfeited the said severed forfeited efeates, upon their severally paying into the court of exchequer in Scotland the federal and respective furhs of money in the said act mentioned at the times therein fpecijied', and certain sums, pari of the money so directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer, were appropriated by the said act for the purposes and to the uje of the persons and societies therein mentioned; and it was entitled, That in caje the sums to be paid into the said court, in confederation of the said annexed forfeited efeates being referred, Should not be exhavfted by the several applications or appropriations in the aid aft specified, the balance of the money foto be paid in Should remain under the care of the said court of exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the public banks, or public funds, subject to the future disposetion of parliament: and whereas no provifeon was made by the said act for continuing the schools in the remote parts of the Highlands of Scotland, which were efeablijhed by the commissioners and trufeees of the said forfeited ejiates, or for continuing the salaries of the teachers of the said schools, whereby, and unless provifeon is now made, the good ejfefts of such efeablifiments will be lost to the public, and a number of iniuftrious and well def&rving persons, who have for many years been teachers of the said schools, will be reduced to diferefs and indi society for gence: and whereas the society in Scotland for propagating chrifeian chripftnnting knowledge incorporated by royal charter, did lately present a memorial knowledge in to the commiffeoners of his Majefeys tree fury, representing the the highlands fate of the said efeablijhed schools, and particularly that the salaries of presented a the teachers did amount in whole to the annual sum of two bun j&et°afv° Gn^ n^]iety‘n‘ine pounds, fourteen Billings it appeared ta the society, that certain of the said schools, the salaries of the teachers whereof amounted to the yearly sum of one hundred and thirteen pounds, might be discontinued: that certain other of the said schools might be discontinued after the deaths of the present teachers, whofi salaries amounted to the annual sum of forty-eight pounds, and who must be reduced to beggary if deprived of their salaries; and that ihe revmning number of the said efeablijhed schools ought to be continued, videlicet, the schools efeablijhed at Strelitz, Craigniech, glenart ney, and Lochearnfide, upon the efeate of Perth; the school efeablijhed at Strathyre, upon the efeate of Arnprior; the school efeablijhed at Lochgary; the schools efeablijhed at Kinlochrannocb, Finnarr, Glenorchty, and Camagren, and Carrie, upon the efeate of stro wan; the schools efeablijhed at Kinlocbarkaig, Matnore, and Strathlochie, upon the efeate fl/'lochiel; the school efeablijhed at Clunie; the school efeablijhed at Corgach, upon the efeate of Cromarty; and the school efeablifljed in the ifeand of South ljift; the salaries of the teachers of which schools amounted to the annual sum of one hundred and thirty-eight pounds, fourteen Billings: that as the principal object of the said society was to efeablijb and superintend schools in the Highlands of Scotland, they conceived it might be proper to commit to them the care of such of the schools efeablijhed by the late tommijfeomrs of the annexed efeates, as it was thought proper

ft

/

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 27. 46*

tot continue \ but as the society had gone the utmost lengths their funds would allow in paying the salaries of the teachers of one hundred and eighty-three schools by them eftabtished, they could not undertake the burden of more without a reasonable allowance being made by the pub lick; and that, upon such allowance, the society would engage to pay the salaries of the teachers appointed by the late commissioners before mentioned as amounting to forty-eight pounds yearly,. during the lives of the prefenl teachers, and to continue the schools mentioned in the said memorial and above as proper to be continued, and pay the salaries of the teachers thereof in time comings according to the regulations of the society: : whereas the said propofol is reasonable and beneficial to the public, and the said society merit encouragement for their laudable endeavours to promote virtue, loyalty, and indujlry in the inhabitants of the Highlands j be it therefore enacted by the.

king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, andvby the authority of the same,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chief baron, Barons of ex and remanent barons of his majesty's court of exchequer in chequer in Scotland, or any three of them for the time being, and they are payto^he*0 hereby directed and required, as soon as there is a sufficient sum treasurer of paid into the said court from the money directed by the said act the society passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, the f to be paid by the persons to whom the several forfeited, and ' lately annexed estates are to be restored or granted, over and above what shall satisfy the purposes and appropriations by the said act specially directed, and before any other purpose or appropriation, to pay, or cause to be paid, into the hands of the treasurer or cashier of the said incorporated society in Scotland for propagating christian knowledge, or into the hands of any other perl'on or persons whom the said society shall appoint to receive the same, for the use of the said society, the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds lawful money of Great Britain, free of all dedudions whatsoever; and the receipt or receipts of the said treasurer or cashier, or of the person or persons foto be appointed by the Society, for the said sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, or for any part thereof, shall be a sufficient voucher to the barons for the sum or sums thereby acknowledged to be received, and be taken as evidence of their having issued and expended so much of the money paid into court in pursuance of the said act, in all cases whatsoever; and for that purpose the said barons, or any three of them, shall, from time to time, issue their warrants to the banks, or to the person or persons in whose hands the said money shall happen to have been lodged or deposited after being paid into court as aforesaid. Barons of the

II Provided always. That at or before paying the said sum said court to to the said society, the barons of the said court of exchequer ^?e[ro™ ^ shall take from the said society such obligation or engagement ifg^tio^for in writing, under their seal, as shall appear to the said barons, continuing to or any three of them, necessary and proper for the said fociety's pay the salaries paying, or continuing to pay, the salaries to the teachers intendi

‘ 3 lives? ^ 61

Anno viceotno sexto Georgii III C 28 — 31. [1786.

ed to be paid fq them during their respective lives, as is abovementioned, and for their continuing and keeping up the schools intended as aforesaid to be kept up, and for their paying the proper and usual salaries to the teachers prefept and to come of the raid schools.

CAP. XXVIII

An act For providing a proper workhouse, and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Romford, in the liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the county of Essex — — borrow 3, 5001. at interest, and pay off 100i. per ann.

CAP. XXIX

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse within the town and port of Margate, in the isle of Tnanet, in the county of Kent,, under certain restrictions therein limited. — May act from June 15, to the last day of October, yearly,

CAP XXX

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Coventry canal navigation to complete the said canal to Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Coventry company empowered to borrow a further sum of 40, 000!. and to assign the navigation as a (ecuvity. Mortgages to be registered, and may be afiigned. Interest of the money borrowed to be paid prior to any dividends to the company; and maybe paid out of the principal, until the canal is completed. Dividends limited to 3 percent, till the canal is completed. Proprietors may becpme pofiefted of thirty shares.

. -? ' * * 1 i ( >.. -*

XXXI

An act for vefling certain sums in commijfmers, at the end of every quarter of a year to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt. " **

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament, heretofore made and passed, it tvas enaftedthat all the moneys which at the end of any quarter of a year Should or might arise from the respective surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys of the several public funds in the said acts described, Should be appropriated, reserved, and employed as a sinking fund) to and for discharging the principal and interest of the national debts and encumbrances, and to or for no other use, intent, or purpose whatever: and whereas, for the want of sufficient provisions for the confiant application of the said moneys, according to the true intent of the said, acts, the good purposes thereof have not been fulfilied: and whereas, by the great increase of the national debt, it is now become necessary to efiablifh a permanent plan for the reduction of the same? we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjebts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous of making a lading provision for the maintenance of the public credit, do most humbly pray your Majesty that it may be.enabled 3 and be it enabled by the king's most excellent -. " \ ' 1 majesty

*786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0, 31.

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this presentparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at the end of the two 2*0, 000!. to quarters of a year, which will end on the fifth day of July and ^krtei^out the tenth day of Oftobery respectively, in the year one thousand o^he^urphif seven hundred and eighty six, and at the end of every quarter fesof the fink of a year, ending the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils ing fund, etc. the fifth day of Julyy and the tenth day o Oftobery respectiveiy, in every succeeding year, there shall be issued or set apart at his majesty's receipt of exchequer, pursuant to the several acts in that behalf made and provided, out of the surplusfcs, excesses, and overplus moneys composing the aforesaid sinking fund, a fufticient funvto make good, to the day on which such quarter shall end, all such interests or annuities, or parts of interests or annuities, or deficiencies of funds provided for the payment of interests or annuities, as shall be specially charged on the said sinking fund; and that after such sum shall have been so issued or set apart, there shall then be farther set apart, in the said receipt of exchequer, out of the surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys composing the said sinking fund, a sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, or such part thereof as the said fur plufies, excesses, and overplus moneys then remaining in the said receipt of exchequer shall be sufficient to satisfy.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if at the end of any such quarter of a year, after issuing or How to pro fetring apart the sums necessary to make good to the day on ? ea<*e which such quarter lhail end, all such interest or annuities, or jn th^kid^ parts of interests or annuities, or deficiencies of funds provided surplusses. for the payment of interests or annuities, as shall be specially charged on the said sinking fund, there shall not remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, moneys, arising out of the surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys composing the said sinking fund, fufticient to provide for the payment of the before mentioned sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, the amount of .the deficiency shall be carried forward as a charge on the moneys which shall remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer out of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys, after issuing or ferting apart the sums herein before directed to be previously issued or let apart, at the end of the next and every other succeeding quarter in the same year, until such deficiency shall have been made good, every such year being computed from the fifth day of January to the fifth day of January following.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all moneys which shall remain in the receipt of his Ma Surpluffes re

iefty's exchequer, out of the said surplusses, excesses, and over naming (after

J t C r C j former in

plus moneys, at the end of any quarter of a year ending as cumbrance?i

aforesaid, or at the end of any year computed as aforesaid, after provided for)

issuing or setting apart the several sums herein before directed to bow to be ap

be previously issued or set apart, shall be applied to the above plied?

mentioned purposes in the order followings (that is to say),

I i 4 * That

out of the supplies granted the same year.

46? Anno vicesimo fexta Georgii III C 31. [ tj8&

That at the end of any quarter of a year ending as aforesaid, the said moneys shall first be applied to make good any deficit ency or deficiencies (if any such there shall have been) in the payment of the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds due at the end of any preceding quarter or quarters of a year within the same year, computed as aforesaid, in the. order in which such deficiency or deficiencies shall have arisen;; that so much of the said moneys as shall remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at the end of any such quarter of a year after such deficiency or deficiencies shall have been so made good, shall be applied to the payment of the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds due at the end of such quarter, or to the payment of such part thereof as the same shall be sufficient to satisfy.

IV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Deficiencies aforesaid. That if at any time it should happen, that at the end at the enci^of of tj1€ year ending the fifth day of January, one thousand seven inadecgood * hundred and eighty seven, or at the end of any future year, computed as aforesaid, after provision shall have been made for all payments for which moneys are previously to be set apart or issued according to the directions of this act, the said surplusles, exceses, and overplus moneys, composing the sinking fund, shall not be sufficient to make good as well all such deficiencies as shall have arisen during such year, as the payment of the Aim of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds then due, in every such case, the amount of such deficiency or deficiencies, whether the same shall have arisen in any preceding quarter or quarters within such year, or in the quarter ending on the fifth day of January on which such year shall end, shall not be carried forward as a charge on the said sinking fund at the end of the next fupceeding quarter, but shall be made good out of any aids or supplies which shall be or shall have been granted by parliament for the service of the then current year; and the ' amount of such deficiency or deficiencies foto be made good, shall be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, in the manner herein after directed, within ten days after moneys sufficient to answer the same shall have been paid into his majesty's receipt of exchequer, on account of any such aids or supplies.

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. The moneys That Vhe moneys so set apart, at the end of any quarter of a set apart quar year encjjng as aforesaid, or of any year computed as aforesaid, ptid'into (he eer fr he payment of the sum of two hundred and fifty bank; thousand pounds due at the end of such quarter, or of any part

thereof, or for making good such deficiency or deficiencies as aforesaid, shall forthwith be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, and shall by them be placed to an account to be raised in their books, and to be entitled, and to heap. The account of the commissioners appointed by act of parliament for ducing the appb'lnz certain furns of money annually to the reduction oj the nati national debt. debt; and that as well all such moneys, as any other moneys

I Anna viceemo facto Georgii III cu gi.

n'res which shall be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England by virtue of this act, to be placed to the said account, shall be applied by the commissioners herein after appointed towards the reduction of th national debt, in the manner herein after directed, and to no either intent or purpose, and in no other manner whatever

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Officers of the shall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer reexchequer to let apart or issue, out of the moneys competing the to the" sinking fund, at the end of any quarter, any sym or sums of jffuingthe money, for any service whatever, other than as in this act is produce of provided, until the sum or sums which are directed by this act she linking to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England)

on account of the said commissioners, shall have been fejt apart or issued as aforesaid; and that in like manner it shall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, after the fifth day of January in any year, to issue any sum or sums of money for any service whatever, out of any moneys which shall then remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer from any aids or supplies granted for the service of the current year, or out of any moneys which shall be received into the exchequer after the said fifth day of January, from such aids or supplies, until the sum or sums (if any such there shall be) which shall be payable by virtue of this act to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the said commissioners, out of the said aids or supplies, shall have been set apart or issued as aforesaid.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That such part of the principal or capital stock of such public To whom the annuities as shall be redeemed or paid off by virtue of this act, redeemed in the manner herein after directed, shall be transferred to the be

account of the said commissioners, in the books of the gover rans erre nor and company of the bank of England, of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, respectively, as the case may be; and that the dividends payable thereon shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the said commissioners.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That whenever any of the following public annuities shall When any of cease and determine, by the expiration of the terms for which the herein re they were respectively granted; (that is to say), the annuities granted for one, two, and three lives, and charged, by an act of by the^'xpf ^ the fifth of King William and Queen Mary, upon two sevenths ration of the of a nine Shillings per barrel excise; the annuities granted for terms for one, two, and three lives, by the acts of the second and third of whfch they Queen Anne, and for ninety-nine .years, by one other act of the were Srante * third and fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon the three thoufaod feveft hundred pounds per week excise by the said act;

the

47© Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III e; 31. [1785*

the annuities granted for ninety-nine years, by an act of the fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon an addition of nine Shillings per barrel excise, and of an addition of one third of the subsidy of tonnage, established by an act of the ninth of King William the Third; the annuities granted for ninety-nine years, by an act of the fifth of Queen Anney and charged upon the duties on hawkers and pedlars, stamp duties on vellum, parchment and paper; and the annuities established by an act of the fixtn of Queen Anne, for ninety-nine years, and charged upon the. surplus of the duties granted for payment of the annuities established by the two former acts of the fourth and fifth of Queen Anne and the annuities established for ninety-nine years, granted by one other act of the sixth of Queen Anne, and charged upon a further additional half subsidy of tonnage by the said act; and the several annuities on single Jives, granted by an act of the eighteenth of King George the Second, and charged upon the duties on wines imported, by the said act; the annuities on single lives, granted by an act of the nineteenth of King George the Second, and charged on the duties on glass and spirituous liquors by the said act; and the annuities on single lives, granted by an act of the thirtieth of King George the Second, and charged on the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and by a subsequent aft: charged on the sinking fund; and certain annuities granted for annuities on lives, with the benefit of survivorship, by an act of the fifth of King George the Third, and charged upon the sinking fund; and the annuities on single lives, granted by an act of the eighteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon the duties on wines and inhabited houses by the said act; and the annuities on lives, granted by an act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon an additional duty of five pounds per centum excise, five pounds per centum additional' subsidy on customs, tax i ( on post hories, and on stamp duties, established by the said act; and the several and respective annuities granted for ninety-nine years, from the fifth day of 'January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; for ninety-eight years, from the fifth day ( of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, consolidated and charged on the sinking fund by an act of the fourth of King George the Third; the annuities granted for eighty years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by an act of the twentieth of King George the Third, and charged on the duties on wines and salt, and on sundry other duties established by the said act; the annuities established by an act of the twenty second of King George the Third, for seventy eight years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and charged on the duties on tobacco, snuff, salt, and sundry other duties granted by the said act; the annuities granted for seventy seven years, from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by an act of the twenty-third of King George the Third, and charged upon stamp duties oq bills of exchange,

receipts,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 31.' 471

receipts, and sundry other duties granted by the said act; and the annuities granted for seventy five years and six months, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, by an act of the twenty-fourth of King George the Third, and charged upon additional duties on candles, bricks, and tiles, and sundry other duties granted by the said act; the annuities granted for thirty years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and, by an act of the eighteenth of King George the Third, charged upon the duties on wines and inhabited houses by the said act; the annuities granted for twenty-nine years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and, by an act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, charged upon an additional duty of five pounds per centum excise, five pounds per centum subsidy, tax on pod horses, and stamp duties on paper, by the said act; and the annuities granted by an act of the seventeenth of King George the Third, for ten years, from the fifth day of jipril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and charged upon the sinking fund; in every such case, the duties ap all duties which shall be applicable to the payment of such an p^cable to the nuities, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, shall con thereof dial! tinue to be levied and collected, and shall continue to be applied continue to to such payment, in the same manner, and under the same re be levied, gulations respectively, to all intents and purposes whatever, as the same were levied, collected, and applied immediately before ' ' the determination of such annuities respectively; and that from an the and after the determination of such annuities, the moneys now j^ecm shall payable thereon shall be issued, from time to time, to the gover be issued to nor and company of the bank of England, and shall be placed to the bank, CC the account of the said commissioners

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au When any

thority aforesaid. That so soon as any part of the principal or shall be

capital stock of any public annuities, or so soon as any annui placed he.... r.. J r /1 1, », 1 1 1 r account of

ties for lives or years (ha!! have been placed, as herein berore the commis

dirpded, to the account of the said commissioners, no sum or fioners, no

Turns of money shall thenceforth be issued or paid for or on money shall

account of the charges of management of such stock or

annuities. ^ ment thereof.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Moneys placed all moneys whatever, which shall be placed from time to time to to the account the accounjt of the said commissioners by virtue of this act, shall

be applied by them either in payments for the redemption of such be applied in redeemable public annuities as shall be at or above par, in such redemption of manner and at such periods as shall be directed by any future annuities at act or acts of parliament, or to the purchase of any public an ^*cai)0ve par nuities below par in the manner herein after directed.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, More particu that all moneys whatever which shall be placed from time to q^tb^pmonies time to the account of the said commissioners, by virtue of this to be placed pd, which shall not be directed by any future act or acts of par to the account iiament to be applied in payment for the redemption of any re of the com

47$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 31. [1786

deemable public annuities at or above par, shall be applied by the said commissioners in payments for the purchase of public annuities below par, in the following manner j (that is to say, } That all moneys foto be applied, which shall have been placed to the account of the said commissioners between the fifth day of April in any year, and the first day of May then next ensuing, shall be applied to the purchase of such annuities, in equal portions, as nearly as may be, on every day (Saturdays' and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transfer fable, between the said first day of May and the first day of au gujl then next ensuing; and in like manner, the sums foto be applied, which shall have been placed to the account of the said commissioners, between the end of any such quarter and the first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, shall be applied to the purchase of such annuities, in equal portions, as nearly as may be, on every day Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferrable, between the said first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, and the first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of the quarter next ensuing,

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au direftionsjor thority aforesaid, That if at any time it shall happen that there the commis flu no subsisting public annuities below par, and that the ther^are no fleceffary measures shall not have heen previously taken by par * annuities be liament, to enable and direct the said commissioners to apply the Ipwpar. moneys, which shall have been placed to their account (by virtue of this adito the redemption of any subsisting public annuities which shall then be at or above par, the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required to apply the said moneys to the purchase of any subsisting public annuities at or above par, in the same manner, and under the same regulations and reftricftions, as are herein before provided with respect to the purchase of public annuities below par.

XIII Provided also, and be it further engdled by the autho commission r; ty aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the said cpm edvofubfcrihe miners ^ they shall think it expedient, at any time between towards any the end of any quarter and the first day of the calendar month future pub which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, to lick loan, C subscribe any of the moneys which shall have been placed to their account at the end of such quarter; and also all such moneys as shall be to be placed to their account, by virtue of this act, during the remainder of the then current year, computed as by this act directed, towards any public loan, to be raised by virtue of any future actor acts of parliament, by such annuities as areherein after mentioned, that is to say, perpetual annuities, subject only to redemption at par, for which the sinking fund shall be collateral security: provided always., That the capital flock of such annuities foto be granted shall bear the same rate of interest with some capital flock of redeemable public annuities then subsisting; and that the amount of the capi

178.6 ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 473

tal flock to be given for every sum of one hundred pounds, foto be fubfcfibed, shall be estimated according to the market price of such subsisting flock at the time of such subscription.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the speaker of the house of commons, the chancellor of who

his majesty's exchequer, the master of the rolls, the accountant 10ft-

general of the court of chancery, and the governor and deputy

governor of the bank of England) for the time being respective

Jy, shall be commissioners for carrying into execution the purposes

of this at; and that all powers and authorities, which the

laid commissioners are or may be enabled or required to exercise,

by the present or any future al or acts of parliament, shall and

may be exercised by any number, not less than four, of the said

commissioners.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said commissioners shall be, and they are hereby au commission thorifed to appoint and employ such clerks and other officers as p^y^erkt" shall be necessary; and that all proceedings whatever, to be had 9

by or before the said commissioners, shall be entered in proper books.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the order of the said commissioners shall at any time be a The bank to

sufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of pa lu^h mot?

7 jr r *, &. u A, ney vested m

England, for ifiuing and paying any part of the money to be commis

vested in the said commissioners, in the manner herein directed; (loners as shall and such person or persons as shall, from time to time, be no be ordered by minated and appointed by the said commissioners, to make the them, etc. purchases of public debts and annuities, on the account of the said commissioners, for the use of the public, and for the purposes of this at, is and are hereby autfiorifed and enabled to accept the transfer of any stock or annuities to be purchased in the manner herein before directed, and to make the payments for the same to the persons from whom the same shall be purchased, and to give or accept all the necessary receipts and acquittances on the part of the said commissioners: provided always, That such nomination and appointment shall, from time to time, be notified to the governor and company of the bank of England, under the hands of the said commissioners.

XVII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That an account.shall be made up to the first day of The bank to .February in every year, by the governor and company of the ^coun^witfct bank of England, of all sums whatever which shall have been the commis paid to the said governor and company^pr carried in their books (loners a atm to the account of the said cotomissioners, for the purposes of allyi

this al; and also of all sums of principal or capital flock of pub lick annuities, which in pursuance of this or any other acl, within the year comprehended in the said account, shall have been purchased, redeemed, or paid off by the said commissioners,, with the inrereft accruing thereupon 3 and also of the annual amount and particulars of any annuities for lives or years, the terms of which shall have expired within the said year, to

o the

which Hi all be laid before parliament.

commissioners to lay an account of their proceedings before parliament;

and before the commiffior ers for auditing public accounts.

'When the sum annually receivable by the com mif iioners shall amount to 4, ooo, oool. the dividends due on ftoclc paid off by them, etc.shall be considered as redeemed by parliament.

Penalty on forging any certificate, etc. made by virtue of this act.

Anno vicesimo sexto gfcorgli life [if 8&

the fifth day of January in eery year after the passing of this a; which.account the said govcrriof arid company are hereby required to lay before both houses of parliament On Or before the fifteenth day of February immediately following, if parliament shall be then sitting; and if parliament (Kail not be then sitting then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

XVIII And be it enacted by the authority afcrresaid, That a similar account of all the said several particulars, and for the same periods, shall also be prepared and laid before both houses of parliament, within the same period, by the said commissioners, together also with an account of the times of their ptfrchasing, redeeming, and paying off any parts of the public debts and annuities, and an account of the several prices paid for the farhef, and of the whole expense attending the execution of the powers vested in them by this act.

XIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That duplicates of the said accounts shall be laid, at the same time, before the commissioners for auditing the public accounts; and the said commissioners for auditing the public accounts are hereby authorised and required to proceed to the examination thereof immediately after the end of rite session of parliament in which such account shall have been so laid before the two houses of parliament; after which examination by the said commissioners for auditing the public accounts, such account shall be further proceeded upon, and finally determined, to all intents and purposes, in like form and manner as is and by law ought to be practised in the case of accounts for moneys issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, by way of imprefr, and upon account.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the whole sum annually receivable by the said commissioners, including as well the quarterly sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds herein before directed to be issued from the exchequer, as the several annuities and dividends of (lock to be placed to the account of the said commissioners ih the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of this act, shall amount in the whole to four millions annually, the dividends due on such part of the principal or capital stock as shall thenceforth be paid off by the said commissioners, and the moneys payable on such annuities for lives or years as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, but shall bb considered as redeemed by parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as parliament shall direct.

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, orcaufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this present act, or alter any number, figure, or word theiein, or present for payment.

475

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 32 — 34.

merit, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeit, or altered certificate or certificates,, order or orders,

(knowing the same to be forged, counterfeit, or altered), then, and in every such case, all and every such person and persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefoid.

That the cashier or caihiers of the governor and company of Cafhiersofthe the bank of England shall give fecutity, to the good liking of ferity, slvc the said commissioners, for duly performing the trust hereby in

him or them reposed.

XXIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of any aids or supplies which shall be grant Treasury

ed for the service of each year, the lord high treasurer, or the ^identaf6 n" commissionersof his majesty's treasury, for the time being, shall charges, etc. have power to discharge all such incidental charges, not hereby of executing otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the execution this act. of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be proper, for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or caihiers, and any other person or persons (other than the said commissioners) for performing the trust hereby reposed in him or them; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the services, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and of the South Sea company, respectively, shall be for the use and benefit of the said companies, respectively, and at their disposal only.

CAP. XXXII ',

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or excheque*bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six. — 1, 500, 000!. raised by this act.

CAP. XXXIII

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six. — i, 000, 0001. raised by this act.

CAP. XXXIV

An act for altering the days ofpayment of the long annuities, and an nuities for thirty and twenty-nine years.

WHEREAS several annuities, granted by diverse a bis of par Preamble %

V V liament, to continue from the refpeblive times of their com..

for certain terms of ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, fe venty eight, seventy seven years ^ and seventy five years and six months and then to cease, which were consolidated and made payable at the. bank of England, and are there distinguished by the appellation of long annuities; and also other annuities granted for thirty and twenty nine years, and consolidated and made one joint flock of annuities, by an act of the nineteenth year of the reign of George the Third,

papbk

After July, 1786, Uie recited ammi

and April, 5, yearly.

476 N - Amid vlcefimofesta Georgii ML C 35. [1786,

payable Uinvife at the bank England 5 all which aid annuities U tentime for ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty,, seventy eight, seventy [men years, and evenly five years and six months, and for thirty and twenty-nine years, from the times of their faidrespecthe commence merits, were, by the several adis granting the same, made pdyable half yearly, an the fifth day of January, and the fifth day ofju\y, in every year: and whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by the [aid d£ts for the payment of the said annuities Should, with the consent'of the proprietors thereof, be altered $ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ena&ed\ and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lbrds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, ^ rtuiiui. from and after the payment of the several annuities abovemen ties tobe'paid tioned for the half year which stall become due on the fifth day on Od. 10, of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the subsequent paymients thereof shall, with the consent of the proprietors, be made in manner following; that is to say, One quarterly payment of the said annuities shall be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from and after the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven*hundr ed and eighty six, such annuities hall be paid and payable half yearly on the fifth day of April, and the tenth day of Otfe* her, in every year, until the quarter day next preceding the time at which the several annuities, according to the several acts of parliament for granting the same, shall refpedrvely determine; and the quarter's annuity for the time then remaining unexpired shall be paid on the quarterly day of payment on which the same hall become due.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, .That such proprietors of the said respective annuities who shall noti on or before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, signify their diflent to the said alteration of the times for the payment of the said annuities, in books to be opened at the bank of England for that purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto, anything in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise nowithstanding.

III Provided nevertheless. That all the provisions, powers, and directions in the several acts of parliament relative to the payment of the several and respective annuities aforementioned, and the clauses therein for charging the same on the several funds provided for payment thereof, shall take efsect, operate, and be executed, with respect to the payment of the said annuities on the days hereby appointed, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein repeated, re enacted, and applied to the payments to be made by the authority of this act.

CAP. XXXV

An act to explain, amend, and render more effeduah an act, made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, passed in the twenty third year of hi present majesty's reign, entitled, "An act for authnrifim* the trea

Proprietors deemed to assent to the aiteration, unless they signify their dissent, C

Provisions of former acts to operate with respect to the payments on the days hereby appointed.

An act for authorising the treasurer

googi

. 1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto gfiorgh III C 36, 37. 477

c surer of the navy to pay to the garrison and naval department at C Gibraltar, the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war,

e as is allowed to the officers and men pn board any of his majesty's "(hip's of war taking or destroying Ships of war belonging to the "enemy. "

* 23 Geo, 3. C 16. and 25 Geo. 3. C 29. fdr amending the former act; recited. Comroiffioners may order the jpri^e agents to pay the agents 6f the foreign troops of the lat garrison X Gibraltar their share of bounty money, and prize money. Expenses of this act to be paid Out of bounty or prize motley id hand.

CAP. XXXVI

An act to explain an act, made in the last session of parliament, with respect to the allowances to be made for waste on the exportation of white salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man; fdr limiting the quantity Of British refined sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of nis present Majesty, entitled," An act for encouraging and regulating the trade arid manufacture of the Isle of Man and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity t>f wheat, barley j oats, meal, and flour, authorised by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island, n as relates to permitting any person to import into the Isle of Man fish from any place whatever, except from Great Britain, without payment of any custom or other duty whatsoever.

45 eo. 3. CI 63. and 20 Ged. 3-, fc. 34. recited. Allowance for waste on salt exported to the Isle of Man, reduced to 2 bushels in 40 of white salt, and 1 btifhel in 40 of rock salt. Recital of 7 Geo. 3. C 45. From July 5, 1786, no Britilb refined sugar to be impprted into the Isle of Man, except from Great Britain directly, and from the ports after mentioned, under penalty of forfeiture and of the ship, C 4 hundred weight of refined sugar, and 10 hundred weight of refined sugar bastard, may be exported annually from Liverpool to Douglas in the Isle of Man. No such sugar to be exported from the Isle of Man. The act of 7 Geo. 3. C 45. feet. 3. as to fish repealed, and the hoiife of keys in the island may permit one thousand barrels of foreign herrings to be imported into the island in any one year, duty free.

CAP. XXXVIL

An act for laying a toll Upon all horses and carriages passing on a sun day over Blackfriars bridge, and for applying the money to arise thereby towards increasing the fund for watchingj lighting, cleanfiiig* watering, and repairing the said bridge.

Act 29 Geo. tf. cf 86. 7 Geo. 3. C 37. A Sunday toll on horses and carriages to commence on the first Sunday after June 24, 1786.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by six or more horses or mules, the sum of ten pence:

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by four horses or mules, the sum of eight pence:

For every coach, chariot berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horses or mules, the sum of sixpence:

And for every chaise, chair, calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one horse, mule, or afs, the fuift of threepence:

For every horse, mule, or afs, not drawing, the sum of one penny..

Moneys vetted in the mayor, commonalty and citizens to be applied to the uses of the act. Power to levy the tolls by distress and sale in 4 days,

Power to erect turnpikes and toll houses within feet from the south VOL. XXXV Kk end

478 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 38. [1786.

end of the bridge. Property vested in the mayor, C Tolls to be paid only once a day. Power to lease the tolls for three years, and not less,, one, to the highest bidder. Common council may appoint collectors. Collectors to account; or may be committed. Upon the death of any collector, his executor or administrator to be answerable. Penalty on persons obstructing collectors, 403. besides damages, CC Collectors neglecting to apply for warrants, to forfeit 40s. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, by justices warrant, and the net money to be paid into the chamber of London, and for want of distress may commit the party for 10 days and not more than 30 days. One moiety of the penalties may be paid to the informers. Forfeitures may be mitigated to one moiety. Commencement of this act, June 24, 1786. Money collected to be applied to the lighting, watching, cleansing, repairing, and watering the bridge. Power to appeal to the general quarter sessions of London in three months. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. No actions to be brought till after 21 days notice of the cause thereof, and to be in six months after fact, and to be laid and tried in the city of London, or county of Surry, as the matter may arise; and the defendant may plead the general issue and give the special matter in evidence, C if he recover to have treble costs. Common council may delegate their power to a committee. But no person concerned in any turnpike or toll house to be erected, or any contract for work to be done by virtue of this act, or any share therein, or having place of profit eligible. Deemed a public act.

CAP. XXXVIII

An al for regulating the time of the imprisonment of debtors hnprl foned by process from courts injlituted for the recovery of small debts; for abolijhing the claim of fees of gaolers, and others, in the cases of such imprisonment $ for ascertaining the qualifications of the commissioners.

WHEREAS by several als of parliament nowin force, and made to establish or regulate courts for the recovery of small debts in several cities, towns, dijlriuls and places within this kingdom, there is no uniform time limited for the duration of the imprisonment of the defendant or debtor, against whom an execution, process of contempt, or precept in the nature of an execution, is issued for nonpayment of such debts and costs, sum or sums of money, as by the order or orders of such courts such debtor or defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but such debtors or defendants are by such a 51s of parliament 1 to be committed to prison, there to remain for an indefinite length of

time, until he, jbe, or they; Shall perform the order of the tourt or tommissioners in that behalf; fio that it frequently happens that a poor person, who is not of ability to pay a debt of or under forty billings, is imprisoned for many months, and sometimes for years, without a pojfibility of being discharged: and whereas II often happens that poor persons, zuho are committed to prison by virtue of and in pursuance of the saidafts of parliament, for a trifling debt, are kept in cujiody after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such debt, for gaol fees: and whereas an a51 was made in the last session of parliament, intitu £5 Geo. 3. led. An act for reducing the time for the imprisonment of deb ct 45» tors committed to prison, upon prosecutions in courts of conscience,

in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court; and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers, or others,, on account of such imprisonment),

1786.] Attno vicejlmo sexto Georgii III C 38. 479

fonment), the purposes of which act have been found to he beneficial;

and it is expedient that the like provisions should be extended to all

other courts injlituted for the recovery of small debts: therefore be

it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and cotifent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of Sep

iember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person imnrifonment

whosoever, being a debtor or defendant, and who has been or of debtors -

shall be Committed to any gaol or prison by order of any court, committed by

or commissioners authorised by any actor adlsof parliament for courts of conj

j science

conftitutingor regulating any court or courts for the recovery or

small debts, where the debt does not exceed twenty Shillings..

be kept or continued in custody, on any pretence whatsoever, more than twenty days from the commencement of this actor from the time of his, her or their commitment to prison;; where the original debt does not amount to or exceed the sum of forty Shillings, more than forty days from the commencement of this actor from the time of his, her, or their commitment as aforesaid; and all gaolers, keepers, or turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such persons accordingly.

II And) in order the more esse finally to prevent persons fummcned for debts to the said courts from the fraudulent concealment of their

money or goodsbe it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in Debtors found case, upon the summons of any person for debt before the said N

court or commissioners, information of any such practice shall concealment be given such court or commissioners shall have power to hear of their ef evidence as to such fraudulent concealment; and in case it. shall soils, may be be proved to their satisfaction, upon the oaths of two or more i^prisonedfor credible witnesses, (which oath the said court or commissioners a onser e are hereby empowered to administer, and which oath, if falsely taken, shall subject the party or parties so taking it to all the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury), that any such debtor has money or goods which he has wilfully and fraudulently concealed; in that case, the court or commissioners shall have power to enlarge the aforesaid times of imprisonment for debts under twenty Shillings, rp any time not exceeding thirty days, and for debts under forty Shillings, to any time not exceeding sixty days; which said circumstance or ground of further detention shall be specified in the said commitment; and the depo litions of the witnesses shall be entered in a book to.be kept for that purpose by the clerk to each respective court or commissioners.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Debtors not at the expiration of the said respective times of imprisonment as liable to pay aforesaid, every such person or persons shall immediately be dif sal charged and fet at liberty, without paying any sum or Turn's of

money, see or sees, or other reward or gratuity whatsoever, to #

the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of such gaol or prison, or others, by way of gaol fees, or discharge sees, or otherwise, on any pre

K k 2 tencp

480 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.38. [17%6.

Penalty on tence whatsoever; and every gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of any to^nsnefuch al or pri^on' or others, demanding, taking, or receiving, e»e8. ng 1 any fee or sees, sum or sums of money whatsoever, upon the discharge of any such person or persons, committed or to be committed to his custody as aforesaid, or keeping or detaining any such person or persons prisoner or prisoners, after the respective times limited by this act, shall, for every such offence, for.. and pay the sum of five pounds. ror°ieterces And ** ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

mme offences lt an may be iawfu^t0 an fr any two'justices of the peace

a^ainft this where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine

aft. any offence against this act * which said two justices of the peace

are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made before them of such offence having been committed, to summon the party accused., and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fast; and upon due proof made thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the voluntary confession of the party, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out their warrant under their hands and seals, for levying the said penalty of five pounds so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of two months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Penalties and V And be it further enacted. That all forfeitures and penal how^o'be apt, es inflicted by this act (the necessary charges for the recovery plied. thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and distributed in

manner following; that is to say, One moiety thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the fuppoit and maintenance of the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed; and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same. to^e^hvw.ted ^1. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no per within a limit f°n or persons shall be liable to be convicted before any justices ed time. of the peace, for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint or information shall be made or exhibited against such person or persons within two calendar months after such offence committed.

Process not to VII Provided also, and be it enacted. That it shall not be ue asamft lawful for any such court or commissioners to issue any process good^of the aga*nfr‘the body of bodies of any person or persons, where the same person. party entitled to the benefit of any order, judgement, or decree, shall at the same time have obtained any warrant or process against the goods and chattels of the same person or persons. Qualification VIII And be it further enacted, That, from and after the of commis. twenty.fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and tioneis. eighty six, no person shall be capable of aftingas a commissioner

in

: ogle

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 39, 40.' 481

in the execution of any of the acts for constituting such courts, unless such person shall be a houffyolder within the county, district, city, liberty, or place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a real estate of the annual value of twenty pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of five hundred pounds : and Penalty on if any person, not being so qualified, shall presume to ad as a nov commissioner in the execution of any of the acts for conftitut ^ ing such courts, every person so acting shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt or on the case, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, upon proof being given of his having acted as a commissioner in the execution of any of the acts constituting such courts: provided always, that such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere.

CAP. XXIX

An act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and other public places, and for opening new streets, markets, and passages, within the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for regulating the public markets, and common stage wagons, drays, and carts, carrying goods for hire.

The mayor, aldermen and common councilmen of Newicaftle to put this act in execution at the expense of the corporation.

CAP. XL

An act for regulating the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandejiine relanding of goods.

WHEREAS the laws now enforce, made to secure the pay Preamble.

ment of the duties due on such goods as are admijftble to an entry upon importation into this kingdom from foreign parts, and to prevent the clandejiine and fraudulent importation and exportation of prohibited goods and the relanding of goods shipped for exportation, entitled either to bounty or drawback, have been found insufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enadec} by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of thelords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the times herein after mention No goods to ed, no goods or commodities shall be imported or brought into be imported Great Britain, from any port or place whatever, in parts beyond g^ta^ loan the seas, in any ship or vessel whatever, belonging in the whole veffei^bclong or in part to his majesty's subjects, unless the matter, or other ing to British

K k 3 person subjects, un

less the mailer 1 have od boardv a manifest, containing the particulars herein mentioned

No wine to be imported from any place not fub jet to the crown of Great Britain unless the master has a proper manifest on board.

* Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 40. [1786*

Tonne having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, respectively, importing such goods, shall have on board a manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, signed by such master or other person, containing the name or names of the several and respective ports or places where the goods in such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, mentioned, shall have been respectively laden or taken on board, the name and built of such ship or vessel, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof, according to the register of the same, together with the christian and surname of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the port or place to which such ship or vessel truly belongs; and a just, true, correct, and particular account of all the cargo, and of all packages of goods so laden or taken on board, with the several and respective marks thereon; and of the particulars of the cargo which is flowed loose; and of the following particulars, in words at length; (that is to say), The several and respective numbers of the packages, with a particular description thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hog(head, barrel, or other cask or package, deferibing such other case or package by its usual or ordinary name; or whether case, bale, pack, truss, chest, box, bundle, or other package, or by such other name or description as the same is usually called or known.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no wine of any sort shall be imported or brought into Great, Britain, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, not belonging to or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, in any ship or vessel whatever, unless the master, or > other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such wine shall be laden, shall have on board, in like manner, a manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, made out and signed by such master or other person, on or before the clearing or departure of every such ship or vessel from each and every such port or place where such wine shall be laden on board, containing the name of the several and respective ports or places where the wine mentioned in such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, shall have been so respectively laden or taken on board; thd name and built of such ship or vessel, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof; together with the christian and surname of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the port or place to which such ship or vessel truly belongs; and a just, true, correct, and particular account of the whole quantity of wine, distinguishing the quantity of each different kind, so taken on board as aforesaid, and of the several and respective marks upon the different packages respectively, and, if known, the names of the persons to whom the wines are respectivejy consigned;; also, in words at lengthy the several and respective numbers of the packages, with a particular description thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon,

hpgfhead^

1786.} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.40. 483

hogshead, barrel, or other calk or package, or by what name or description such other calk or package may be usually called or known: provided always, That nothing in this at contained Certificates shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any goods or r|*quifite on commodities whatever, which are now in law required to be tionot^goods accompanied with certificates or other documents, to be im as heretofore, ported into Great Britain without all and every such certificate or certificates, or other document or documents, so required;

H but the same shall, and are hereby directed and required to be J accompanied, as well with such certificate or other document,

; as with the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, here j in before directed; and, on failure thereof, the goods shall respectively continue to be liable to all and every the duties, regulations, and restrictions, and to the fines, penalties, and for i feitures, in all respects, to which the same are or shall be subject and liable by law, as if this act had not been made.

III And be it further enacted. That before any Ship or vef Masters of

! fel shall be cleared out for Great Britain with any goods or com vessels, before! modifies whatever, from any port or place in any colony, plan f^great^

j ration, island, or territory in foreign parts, belonging to or un Britain, from

der the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, the matter, or any of the I other person having or taking the charge or command of every British domi j such Ship or vessel, shall deliver the manifest or content, in parts to

i ing, herein before required, to the collector of the customs (if deliver a mai

there be such an officer at or near to such place); and, if there nifeft to the

; shall not be a collector of the customs there, then to the chief clr" e oflfi5er

i officer of the customs; and, if there shall not be any officer of

j the customs there, then to the principal officer or magistrate, or

! some other person by him specially appointed for that purpose,

I resident at or nearest to such place; which said collector, or

other chief officer or magistrate, or other person by him appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively cause a duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and shall endorse upon the original mani j sell or content his name, with the day and year on which the same was produced to such collector or other chief officer or magistrate, or person by him appointed, as aforesaid, and shall then return the said original manifest or content to the said mailer or other person, on or before the clearing of any such Ship or vessel; and such colledlor or other chief officer or magistrate, or other person specially appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or vessel as aforesaid, immediately transmit the said duplicate of such manifest or content, so made as before directed, under his hand and seal, to the collector and comptroller of his majesty's customs at the port in Great Britain to which the goods are conligned, and to which the manifests respectively refer.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That no sort of wine shall be admitted to an entry on the importation thereof into Great Britain, in any Ship or vessel whatever, from any port or place in parts beyond the seas, not belonging to. or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain,

K k 4, unless

or the cui* toms, C

Truth of the manifests to be verified on oath, before the consul relative

484 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 40, [1786.

to wine hip unless the rpaster, Or other person having or taking the charge ped in foreign or command of each and every ship or vessel importing the same.

Great Britain. be^ore h*s departure from the port or place where such

* wine is shipped or laden on board, verify upon oath the truth

of the contents of the said manifest or manifests, in respect of the said wine, before the British consul or other chief British officer, if there shall be any such resident at or near to the port or place where such wine shall be laden or taken on board; which oath the said British consuls, or other chief British officers, is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in porting floods any ship or vessel Whatever, belonging in the whole or in part £- to his majesty's subjects, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, without such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, or shall not be included and described

Penalty on inafters of vessels im

Without a proper mani

Masters of

veftds, on arrival within 4 leagues of the British coast, are to produce their manifesta to the first officer

therein, or shall not agree therewith; or if any wine shall be imported or brought into Great Britain by any such ship or vessel, without a manifest or manifests, content or contents, so verified as aforesaid; in each and every such case the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit a sum of money equal to double the value of such goods, together with the full duties payable on the same.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every master, or other person having or taking the charge, or command of any ship or vessel, belonging in the whole or in part to his majesty's subjects, laden with goods as aforesaid, and bound to any port or place in Great Britain, shall, on his arrival within four leagues of the coast thereof, upon demand, produce. all and every such manifest or manifests, of content or contents, ' in writing, which such master or other person is herein before directed and required to have on board his said ship or vessel, to otthecustoms such officer or officers of his majesty's customs as shall first

who shall come on board his said ship or vessel, for his or their examina

board and tlon anc in(pe(^on» anc hall deliver to such officer or officers

give him a a true copy thereof, respectively. (which copy shall be provided

copy thereof, and subscribed by the said master, or other person having or tak officer to ing the charge or command of such ship or vessel); and that the

certify such several and respective officer and officers to whom the original

pr^u<^on on manifest shall have been so produced, shall certify upon the back the original thereof that the same was produced, and also the day and yeas inanifest, and on which the same was or were so produced, arid such copy or totranfmit copies as aforesaid were to him or them delivered; and shall the copy to jjkewife certify upon the back of such copy or copies the day officers^atthe anc year on wh*eh the same was or were produced, and shall port of con forthwith transmit such copy or copies to the respective collectors fignment, C and comptrollers of the several port's to which the goods, by such manifest or manifests shall appear respectively to be consigned; and that the aid master, of other person so having Or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel shall

¥1

4^5

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 40?

in like manner produce to the officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall first come on board such ship or vessel, upon her arrival within the limits of any port of Great Britain in which the cargo, or any part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed, such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing as aforesaid, and shall also deliver to him or them a true copy or copies thereof (such copy or copies also to be provided and subscribed by the said matter, or other person leaving or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel), the production of which said manifest or manifests, or content pr contents, in writing, and the delivery of such copy or copies thereof, to be delivered as is herein berbre directed, shall also be certified to have been so produced and delivered as aforesaid, by the said officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall so first come on board the said ship or vessel, on her arrival within the limits of any such port, upon the back of the said original manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, with the particular day and year, and the time when such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, was or were produced to such officer or officers, and when he or they so received the said copy or copies thereof; and such officer or officers is and are hereby required forthwith to transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the said copy or copies of the said manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, to the collector and comptroller of that port: provided always, That nothing herein con Matter not tained shall be construed to extend to require of such master, or required to other person having or taking the charge or command of such f^antwo6 ship or vessel, the delivery of more than one copy of the mani copies of hii fest or manifests, content or contents, respectively, which he is manifest. hereby directed to have on board, to the officer or officers aforesaid, who shall first come on board of such ship or vessel, within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, and to none other who shall afterwards come on board, within the distance aforesaid;; qne other copy to such officer or officers as shall first come on board within the limits of any port in Great Britain, and to none other who shall afterwards come on board within such limits, if such master, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall produce to such officer or officers respectively his manifest or manifests, content or contents, with a certificate on the back thereof, as aforesaid1 provided lalfo. That if any manifest or content, herein before directed to be delivered up to the collector and comptroller of any port where such ftjip or vessel arrives, shall contain an account of goods not there to be landed, but which shall 1 appear to be cqnfigned to some other port or place in Great Britain, then, and in such case, that the collector and comptroller shall certify upon such manifest, under their hands, such jpart of the cargo as (half there have been delivered, and shall then deliver back the original 'manifest to the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship of Vessel; and foin like manner, as often as the case shall require,

* » ' V until

Penalty on matter neglecting to produce his ma uifest, or to give a copy thereof to the proper officer, C

and on officer neglecting to certify the production thereof, etc.

Matter and mate of any such vessel, who ttiallfuf fer bulk to be broken within the said limits, unauthorised by the proper officer, ttiall forfeit each sool.;

except, C

Annp vicesimo fexta Georgii III 0. 40* [1786.

until suck ship or vessel shall arrive at her last.port or place of diicharge.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, if the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, laden as aforesaid, and bound to any port or place in Great Britain, shall not, upon his arrival within the limits of any port in Great Britain as aforesaid, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, produce such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, to the officer and officers of his majesty's customs as aforesaid, upon demand thereof, and also give such copy or copies thereof as aforesaid to the officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall first come on board such ship or vessel, upon her arrival, as aforesaid, within any port in Great Britain, where the cargo, or any part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed or shall not give an account of the destination of such ship or vessel, or shall give a false account of the destination thereof, in order to evade the production of the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, the master, or other person having or taking the. charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit a sum equal to double the value of the goods, together with the full duties due and payable thereon; and if such officer or officers first coming on board, within the distance or limits aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to certify on the back of such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, the production thereof, and the delivery of such copies, respectively, as are herein before directed and required to be delivered to such officer or officers, every such officer, so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the arrival of any ship or vessel so laden with goods as aforesaid, and bound to Great Britain, either when within the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, bulk shall be broken, or any part of the cargo of such ship or vessel shall be unladen or un shipped with intention to be laid on land, or unfliipped for any other purpose whatever, out of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, within the limits or distance aforesaid, before such ship or vessel shall come to the proper place for the discharge of her cargo, or any part thereof, and shall be there duly authorised by the proper officer or officers of the customs to unlade the same, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the mate or other person next in command, shall refpedhvely forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, or other unavoidable accident, necessity, or distress, of which necessity and distress, or other unavoidable accident, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to, and (together with two or more of the mariners on board such ship or vessel) shall make proof, upon oath, before the collector

or

-

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 40. 487

or other chief officer of the customs of the port within the limits of which such accident, necessity, or distress shall happen, or before the collector or other chief officer of the first port in Great Britain, within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall afterwards arrive, if the said accident, necessity or distress shall have happened, not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the eoaft of Great Britain, (which oath the said collector or other chief officer is hereby authorised and required to administer).

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if, upon the arrival of any ship or vessel within the limits Directions re

of any port in Great Britain for the discharge of the cargo, or lative to

any part thereof, there shall be any goods which, from necef i°°fj r J * r t r \ s n III itorea in the

lity, or from the nature of the cargo, mutt be unavoidably majn old,

(lowed, either in the cabin, or between the decks, or upon the

decks, or in the steerage, forecastle, or other place or places,

out of the main hold of any such ship or vessel (save and except

such part of the cargo as is flowed in the chains, * or in other

parts on the outside of such ship or vessel), in such case the

officer or officers of the customs who shall first go on board,

shall, before he or they shall leave the ship or vessel, mark or

seal such several and respective packages, in such manner as such

officer or officers thall be directed by the cammissioners of the

customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the com

mitfioners of the customs, or ariy three or more of them, in

Scotland, for the time being, and shall keep a particular account

thereof; which mark or (eal shall not be altered, defaced, or

broken, before the goods contained in such packages shall be

respectively landed, either at the lawful quays, or at such other

places as shall from time to time be allowed for that purpose, by

special sufferance and leave from the commissioners and officers

of his majesty's customs, and under the authority of an order

from the proper landing waiters, and like wise in the presence of

such superior officer or officers as the said commissioners of the

customs, m England and Scotland respectively, shall appoint to

see such packages opened.

X ind be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That If any marks if any of the marks or seals which shall have been put upon any on such goods of the packages as before directed, shall be altered, defaced, or foce^vdfh broken, by the master, or other person having or taking the the privity of charge or command of the ship or vessel on board of which such the master offence or offences shall be committed, or by any of the crew, and mate,

or shall be committed by any other person, with the privity or !each"

consent of the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, every such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such lhip or vessel, and also the mate or such personas shall be next in command to such master, or other person having the charge and command as aforesaid, shall, for each and every offence so committed, forfeit two hundred pounds.

.LAND be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That

488 Anno viceomo sexto Georgii III C 40. [178&

Matter of That the matter, or other person having or taking the charge every vessel or command of any ship or vessel, in which such goods shall be foch°good3 to imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, make entry, within twenty-four hours after the arrival of such ship or vessel upon oath, of at such places refpe£uvely as shall hereafter be fixed upon and ter burden, appointed for that purpose by the commissioners of the customs, before the or any our or more m England or the commissioners

chief officer of the customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for at the port of the time being, make entry, upon oath, of the built, burden, importation; contents, and lading of such ship or vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden on board such ship or vessel, to the best of his knowledge and belief, and do and perform every act and thing in relation thereto, before the customer, collector, or other chief officer of the customs of the said port, openly in the customhouse at the same port, in the manner directed and required by an apaired in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late 13 Sc 14 Car. majesty King Charles the Second, entitled. An attfor preventing C IX frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty s customs, under the and deliver penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the said his manifest matter or other person shall, at the time he so makes his report or entry of his ship upon oath, at the customhouse as aforesaid,

deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the said port, the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, as before dlre&ed to accompany their refpediive cargoes, and to be on board every ship or vessel in which goods shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain j on penalty of and if the said matter, or other person having or taking the seal. charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall neglect or

refuse to deliver such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, as aforesaid, to the said collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the time he so makes his report or entry of his ship upon oath at the customhouse as aforesaid, every such matter, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two htmdred pounds.

XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any package whatever, which shall have been reported the ^od^re or other person having or taking the charge or

ported°(half" command of any ship or vessel in manner herein before direst rot agree ed, shall be wanting, and not found on board such ship or vef

with the ma fel, in conformity to such report; or if the goods reported shall

nifest, C not agree with the manifest or manifests, content or contents;

or if either the report or manifest or manifests shall not agree

with the cargo found on board of such vessel or vessels; then,

and in every such case, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such.ship or vessel, shall for certain cases feit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds: provided never m which the thelefs. That in case any goods shall be imported without such not^beincur man^eft or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, as red. herein before is directed; or in case the manifest or manifests

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III e.40. 489

or content or contents, accompanying the goods, shall not agree with the report, or shall be defaced or incorrect, or shall not agree with the goods on board, and it shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that the cargo imported was wholly taken on board in foreign parts, naming the particular places where it was taken on board respectively, and that no part of the cargo has been unshipped since it was taken on board, and that the manifest or content has been lost or mislaid without fraud or collusion, or that the same was defaced by accident, or incorrect by mistake; in such case, the penalties and forfeitures herein before inflicted shall not be incurred: provided also, That in case any goods shall, from urgent necessity, be taken on board of any ship or vessel in any foreign porf or place, for Great Britain, after such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, as required by this act, shall have been attested in manner herein before directed, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall make out, or cause to be made out, and shall signa separate manifest or manifests, or content or contents, of all such goods as shall be so taken on board; which manifest or manifests, or content or contents, shall be subject to all and every provision in this act contained, to all intents and purposes, in like manner as the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, so attested as aforesaid, are subjected; and in such case, the penalties and forfeitures hereinbefore'

with respect to goods imported without a manifest or content, shall not be incurred, if the urgent necessity of so taking such goods on board shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England and scot land respectively.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any goods so taken on board any ship or vessel in any Penalty on foreign port or place, shall, after the arrival of such ship or vef m?ft.ers per fel within the limits of any port of Great Britain, or within four to^be^rown* leagues of the coast thereof, or after the first production of the overboard, manifest or manifests, or content or contents, to the officers of cafter ar the customs, in manner hereinbefore directed (whether such rival within goods shall be inserted in the said manifest or manifests, or contentor contents, herein before directed to accompany such goods, or not), be thrown overboard, or (laved, or otherwise in any manner destroyed (except in case of unavoidable necessity, proof of which shall be made, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively), the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel on board of which such offence hail be committed, shall forfeit two hundred pounds.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every importer or importers, proprietor, or pro Importers, prietors, or consignee or consignees, of any goods imported or C within ao brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall several ly and re days after the fpeftiyely, within twenty days after the master, or other person ^rt^to make

having entry, with

Goo

49°

the proper officer, of all goods imported, C by them, and pay the duties.

t Annx, C 8.

Trom Aug. i, 1786, no vessel shall be cleared out for foreign parts, until the master and mate have given bond not to land illegally any goods on board, etc.

Anno vicclimo sexto g^orgii III C 40. [178&

having or taking the charge or command of such ship or veflej* shall have made his report or entry upon oath, in manner hereinbefore directed, or after the expiration of the time within which he is required by law foto do, make a due entry in writing, in the usual and accustomed manner, with the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port in Great Britain where the ship or vessel so laden as aforesaid shall arrive, of all the goods so by them, and each and every of them, respectively imported in such ship or vessel, or of which they and each and every of them are the importers, proprietors, or consignees, respectively, and shall pay the full duties due and payable, in ready money, for such goods, within the time aforesaid; and that if he or they refpe&ivelyshall fail in so doing, it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the customs to convey such goods to his majesty's warehouse at the customhouse for security of the duties; and if the full duties are not paid for such goods within the space of three calendar months from the time they shall be so brought to the said warehouse at the customs house, they shall and may be then forthwith sold, and the pror duce applied agreeably to an af, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An act for encouraging the tobacco trade; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: provided nevertheless, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the selling of any goods which may by law be entered and wareboused, upon bond or security Jpeing given for the whole of the duties due thereon.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the firstday of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his majesty's customs in Great Britain to permit or suffer any ship or vessel to be cleared out for foreign parts, from any port or place whatever in Great Britain, until the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the mate of such ship or vessel, shall Severally and respectively give security to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, (which security shall be taken by the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at such port or place, who is hereby authorised and required to take such security), with condition that such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, or such mate, as the case may be will not at any time thereafter land, or cause to be landed, any goods, in any part of this kingdom, in any manner which is of shall be prohibited by law, or take the same on board in order to their being so landed, nor be anywise concerned, or aiding or assisting in fraudulently importing, un(hipping, or landing the same, and will not hinder, molest, or oppose, any of his majesty's officers of the customs or excise, or any other perfpn or persons assisting them, or either of them, in the dup execution of their respective offices or employments; or until such matter,

or

t786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 40. 491;

or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, (hail produce a certificate, under the hand of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at some other port o^place in Great Britain, of such security having been before given at such other port or place, to such collector or other principal officer, by such matter and mate.

XVI And be'it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That there shall not be paid or allowed to any person whatfo Clauferelative ever, upon the exportation of any goods entitled to eithert(bales drawback, or bounty, upon exportation, any drawback, boun pref3 paeked, ty, or allowance whatever, if the goods are in bales press etc, paeked, unless the several different names and species of the goods and the quantities and qualities thereof, respectively, shall be verified by the respective mailer packer or master packers thereof, or one of them, or in case of the absence of such master packer or master packers, or one of them, from sickness or other unavoidable necessity, by the foreman, or other servant of such master packer, or master packers, respectively, who shall have actual knowledge of the contents of the bales so respectively press paeked, in the following manner; (that is to say). If the goods are packed at the port whence they are to be exported, or within ten miles thereof, then by oath made and subscribed upon the entry or cocquet, before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at such port,

(who is and are hereby respectively authorised to administer the same); and if such goods are packed at any greater distance than ten miles from the port from whence the goods are to be exported, then on the like oath made, and subscribed in manner aforesaid, before some magistrate or justice of the peace for the county or place where such master packer or packers shall reside.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every master, or other person having or taking the charge Penalty on or command of any ship or vessel, on board of which any goods matters who shall be shipped for exportation to foreign parts, from any port ^a11 not delle or place in Great Britain, shall, upon demand, produce and de to^he^ropo' liver to each and every officer or officers of his majesty's cuf officer; toms, who shall come on board his ship or vessel, either within the limits of any port in Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, all and each and every cocquet or cocquets delivered to him by the proper officer or officers of the customs, at the port or ports,. place or places, where the ship or vessel shall have been cleared out, for the examination and inspection of every such officer or officers, under the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if such officer or officers shall find any orwhofe car of the goods on board such ship or vessel not to correspond go shall not with the cocquet or cocquets so produced, he or they is and are agreeable hereby authorised and required to seize the said goods, which ther€t0 shall be forfeited; or if such officer or officers shall discover that any of the packages endorsed upon the cocquet or cocquets so produced, are not on board the said ship or vessel, the master,

or

or bounty, to be made out in the names of the real owners.

Companies trading by a joint stock may employ

492 Anno vlcdimo (exto georgu III C 46. [178&

or other person having or taking the charge or command of thfc ‘ ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each

and every package contained in such cocquet or cocquets, and not found.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Debentureson That no entry shall pass, nor any debenture be made out, upon goo^endtloi exportat*on to foreign parts from Great Britain, of any goods to drawback, whatever, which are entitled either to drawback or bounty upon exportation, but in the name of the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of the goods, if they, or any of them, are Tefident in Great Britain; and that before such owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors; shall receive the drawback or bounty, or any allowance to which such goods may be entitled, or any part thereof, one or more of them, and not any broker or agent on his or their behalf, shall, upon the debenture, verify, by oath, his or their so being the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of such goods, and also that the goods are really and bona side exported to foreign parts, and have not been relanded in Great Britain $ any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always. That such real owner or owners, or proprietor o proprietors of such goods, if he or they shall not have purchased or obtained a an agent, etc. right to, or property in, the drawback to which such goods are entitled, shall, and is and are hereby required, at the time such goods are entered for exportation, to acknowledge in writing under his or their hands upon the entry, the person or persons who is or are entitled to such drawback; and such person or persons shall, after the requisites of this act are fully complied with, receive such drawback; and the receipt of such person or persons upon the debenture shall be an acquittal and discharge for such drawback: provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent the agent of any corporation or company trading by a joint (lock from making o5th, in the manner now by law allowed, to entitle such corporation or company to obtain any drawback or allowance upon the exportation of goods from Great Britain hor to hinder or prevent any proprietor or proprietors of lands in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations, nor any person or persons whatever, from exporting from any place, otlrer than that at which he or they reside, if such person or persons shall reside at a greater distance than twenty miles from such place, any goods or commodities whatever; nor any person or persons whatever from exporting from any place, other than that at which, he or they reside, any goods whatsoever, of British ma nufacture, (being the property of such person or persons), by and in the name of an agent, and such agent is hereby authorised to do and perform every ad and thing, to entitle the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods to all and every bounty, drawback, or allowance, due by law upon the exportation of such goods, and to recover the same in as full and ample manner as if the real proprietor or proprietors was or were to ad:

a therein |

Anno vicesimo fexta georgii III C 40. 493

therein; provided such agent shall testify upon oath, on the back of the debenture, over and besides what is already by law required to be testified upon oath before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftotns, (who is and are hereby authorised to administer the same), the name or names of the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods, and his or their known place of abode, and shall, if required by the said collector or comptroller, or other chief officer, give good and sufficient reason for his knowledge of the place to which the goods are intended to be exported,

XIX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth From Sept, day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no

no bounty or premium shall be paid or allowed for or upon any t be mi^for goods whatsoever exported from this kingdom to Ireland, and goods export that no drawback, bounty, or premium shall be paid or allowed ed to Ireland, for or upon any goods whatever exported from this kingdom to Guernsey, the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, nor any debenture made out ccr.

for such drawback, bounty, or premium, until a certificate shall tificate. be produced, under the hands and seals of the collector, comptroller, and surveyor of the customs, or any two of them, belonging to such port in Ireland, or from the register of certificates, or other chief officer of the customs in the said islands of

Guernsey or Jersey, as such goods shall have been respectively landed at, certifying that the goods have been duly landed there; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That no goods whatever, entitled to either drawback, bounty, Goods inti or premium, shall be carried or put on board any ship or vefleltled t0 draur whatever for exportation to foreign parts by any person or persons ^om^o be whatever, (except the proper officers of the revenue), other than put onboard, such person or persons as shall be authorised for that purpose, by licence under the hands of the commissioners of his majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, for the time being, who are hereby authorised to grant the same, and to require such security as they may deem necessary, by bond or otherwise, to be given by the person or persons to whom they shall grant such licence, for the actual delivery of the whole of the goods on board such ship or vessel to the officers of the revenue stationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt dealing, in every respect of such person or persons in regard to such goods; which said persons so " to be licensed as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required, upon carrying such goods on board any ship or vessel, to give clear and full information thereof, in writing, to the master, or other person then in charge of such ship or vessel, for the better enabling the master to give notice, as required by this act, previous to his clearing out with drawback or bounty goods; which licence, when granted by the commissioners of the customs, shall not be withdrawn by them, or the operation under the same in any manner hindered, obstructed or prevented, unless either the person or persons to whom such licence shall have been granted, or some other person or persons employed You XXXV LI ^ by f

c^ocf^lc

494 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 40. [1786.

by them, tand with his or their privity or consent, shall commit forne ad against any law now made, or hereafter to be made, to secure the revenue of customs or excise, and shall be convicted thereof, in which case the said commissioners shall and are hereby authorised and required to withdraw such licence.

XXI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au towhomli thority aforesaid, That the commissioners of hts majesty's cuf cencesforthat toms shall, and are hereby required to grant such licence as be^rantect1 a^orefa^ to aan every person and persons who is or are'now,

s by law, entitled to carry or put on board such goods, and who

shall give such security as the said commissioners, or any four or more'of them, shall deem necessary, and to no other person or persons whatever.

XXII And whereas it has frequently happened, That Ships or vessels, as well bound to Great Britain from foreign parts, as from Great Britain to foreign parts, have pqjfed the ujual places appointed for stationing officers of the revenue on board of vessels, and for relieving or landing fitch officers, without bringing to for such purpose;

Penalty on lie it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

matters of matter, or other person having or taking the charge or com

veltels who mand of any ship or vessel coming or arriving from foreign parts,

touring to at not Presume to pas fach ufaal places, or such other places the usual as may hereafter be appointed for that purpose by the commis

places ap fioners of his majesty's customs, or any four or more of them,

pointed for for the time being, without bringing to and receiving the re

'fleers™?the" venue oncers on board; or, being out ward bound for foreign

revenue. parts, (hail not presume to pass without bringing to at such

usual places, or such places as shall be appointed as aforesaid, for the purpose. of the cargo being examined, and of relieving or landing such officers, unless in case of unavoidable necefiity or distress of weather, or other unavoidable accident, to he made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs; and that every such matter, or other person, who shall so pass without bringing to for the purposes aforesaid, either inward or outward bound, (hail, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXI1L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Revenue offi That from and after the passing of this act, any officer or officers on board cers of his .majesty's revenue, properly authorised to examine access to the anf WP or vessel or the cargo on board thereof, shall, at all cabin, times, have free access to the cabin, and every other part or and may open place in such ship or vessel; and in case any places within the locks, etc. cabin, forecastle, steerage, or any other part of the ship, or any boxes, chests, or other thing contained therein, shall be locked, or in any manner fattened, and the keys shall be withheld, or the places shall not be opened for such officers respectively, on their requiring the same of the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship of vessel, such officer or officers, if they are of a degree superior to tidefmen or watermen, shall, and are hereby authorised and im powered to ooen the same in the hest nwmei? they can, and

are

*786*] Annb vicesimo sexto georgii III C 40* 495

are hereby indemnified in so doing; but if such officers shall only be in the class of tidefmen or watermen, they shall, and are hereby required to send for their superior officer, who is hereby in like manner authorised to open, or cause the same to be opened; and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in so doing. -

XXIV And whereas, by an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for better securing the Recital of duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out 9 Geo. 3.c.414 ports, and other places, to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs, in the province of senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a proper compensation for their trouble and expenses j for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in forests, chases, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forests and chases; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior sort of barley. Called Bigg, from the port of Kirhvall in the islands of Orkney, it is amongst other things en aftedy That no Nanquin cloth, mujlinsy foreign callims, or foreign dimity, exceeding in quantity one entire piece; and no china earthenware, exceeding in number twelve pieces, (if thefame/hall have been imported or seized at any out port in Great Britain), hall be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or by water, from any out port, or other place whatsoever, in Great Britain, into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatever, within the dijlance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange London, without a certificate from the collector, or other proper officer of his ma jessy cuflomsy at the port or place where such goodb were imported or seized, certifying that the duties upon the importation of such goods have been duly paid or satisfied, or that the said goods have been before compounded fry or condemnedy which fa ft s hall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor thereof? referring to the times when, and the place wherey such goods were entered, condemnedy or compounded for; and if such goods hall have been imported or seized within the port of London, and sent from thence to any out port for fate, they hall not be removed as afore said from any out port into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatsoever within the dijlance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange London, without a certificate from the collector or other proper officer of his majefifs\cujloms, at or nearejl to the port or place from whence such goods are intended to be removed, certifying that the owner or proprietor of such goods hath made oath before him, that the said goods, and every part thereof had been sent to such owner or proprietor from London, for sale, in the lawful way of trade, referring to the time when, with the name and residence of the person from whamy such goods were sent, and that such owner or proprietor verily believed the duties payable upon the importation of such goods had been duly paid and satisfied, or that the said goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said respective certificates hall express the quantity and quality of the said goods, with the marks of

L 1 2 th

,

cate that the duties have been duly paid, etc.

496 Anno vicefxmo sexto Georgii IIL c.40. [1786.

the package thereof \ to what places, and to whom the same at e con figned9 and by what carriage the same are intended to be removed; and, > if the said goods are removed by land, the aid certificate Shall also express and limit the time for which the same Shall continue in force : and whereas further regulations are necessary to attain the good purposes intended by the said act : be it therefore enacted by No goods, the the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the passing of this growth or ad, no goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, pro ^any^uii6 dudion, or manufacture of the countries beyond the Cape of try beyond the Good Hope, shall in any manner, or upon any pretence whatever. Cape of Good be brought, removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or Hope, shall be by water, from any place whatever, into the cities of London London ort anc ^flminfler, and the liberties thereof, or the borough of Westminster, Southwark ^ and the several suburbs thereof, or into the parishes etc. without a of Saint Mary le bon, and Saint Pancras, in the county of mid proper certifi* dlefex> without a certificate, as directed by the said last recited r9tp f f ad, made in the said ninth year of his present majesty's reign, or without a certificate from the collector or other proper officer of his majesty's, customs in the port of London, certifying that the duties have been duly paid for the same at the importation thereof, or that the same have been before compounded for or condemned; which shall be verified by the oath of the proprietor or proprietors of such goods, referring to the time or times when such goods were entered, compounded for, or condemned, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods, and of the packages, which shall be so brought, removed, carried, or conveyed into, or which shall be found carrying, conveying, or removing to, the said cities and places aforesaid, or any of them, with intent to bring such goods into some or one of the cities or places aforesaid without such certificate as before directed, together with the boats, carts, horses, cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of the same, and the furniture belonging thereto.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if, from and after the passing of this act, any dispute shall arise, touching the place to which such goods or commodities, as aforesaid, were removing, carrying, or conveying, the claimer or claimers of such goods or commodities shall prove that they were removing, carrying, or conveying to some place, other than the cities and places aforesaid;; that the proof of their being removing, carrying, and conveying to the cities and places aforesaid, shall not lie on the officer who shall seize or hop such goods.

XXVI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be

, construed to extend, to forfeit any of the aforesaid commodities, removed * which shall be removed, or found removing, as before menti without for oned, if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners feiture thereof the customs, that such goods were bought in a lawful and open way of trade, or are the property of private persons, and have been used as their domestic furniture,

XXVII an<l

The proof of the place to which such goods were removing to lie on the claimer.

In certain cases such

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III p. 40.'

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commanders That it shall and may be lawful for the commanders of any of of his maje his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or any commissioned war ^® P rant or petty officer, specially authorised by them, to seize, with may' fe; z‘e any out having any deputation or commission from the commission vefielsor

ers of his majesty's customs or excise for that purpose, any goods subject goods or commodities whatever, or any ships or vessels what to forfeiture, ever, which shall be subject to forfeiture by this act, or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, for any offence against the revenue of customs or excise: provided the commander of such ship or vessel of war shall bring, or cause to be brought, every such seizure to his majesty's warehouse at the nearest customhouse to which such seizure can conveniently be ......

brought, and shall there lodge and deposit the same, in the

custody, and under the charge and care of the proper officer of

the customs, in case the seizure shall be made under any act for

securing the revenue of customs, or in the custody, and under

the charge and care of the proper officer of excise, in case it

shall be made under any act for securing the revenue of excise

only; and shall, in all respects, in regard to the prosecution or o

delivery of any such seizure, conform to all and each and every ^

of the rules, regulations, and restrictions to which the officers

of his majesty's customs and excise are now, in case of such

seizures made by them respectively, subject; any law, custom,

or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII And zvhereasgreat difficulties have arisen in ascertaining the truth of faffs relative to his Majeftfs revenue of customs, as well as to the conduff of the officers employed therein, upon examinations and inquiries made by the surveyors general of the customs; be

it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Witnesses to after the pasting of this act, any person or persons examined be examined before them as a witness or witnesses, or any or either of them, e

respectively, shall deliver his, her, or their testimony upon oath, veyorsgeneral to be administered by the surveyor general, or surveyors gene ofthecustoma. ral respectively, who shall examine them; and such surveyor or surveyors general are hereby authorised to administer such an oath accordingly; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall be convicted of Persons make making a false oath, touching any of the fads directed or re inga false quired by this act to be testified on oath, or of giving falfe^vi ar etc. to dence, on his, her, or their examination on oath before thelfur guilty of per veyors general of the customs, or any one or more of thettv, jury respectively, in conformity to the directions of this act, such person or persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful ahd corrupt perjury.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties and? That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this r *

ad, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and discovered and)

LI 3 posed applied.

,

4$8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 40.' [1786.

pefed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods or vessels forfeited for any offeree against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, proiecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to, and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine, or penalty, or composition, paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

If in atrial That, from and after the paffxng of this act, in case any infor koods^wbere rnat^orl commenced and brought to trial, on account of

in a verdict " le seizure of any goods, or of any ship, boat, or other vessel, shall be given or of any horse, cattle or carriage, as forfeited by this or any for the claim other act of parliament relating to his majesty's customs or ex er, there shall C fe or other his majesty's revenues, wherein a verdict or fen bee tence (han be given for the claimer thereof, and it shall appear cause for such to the judge, justice, or court, before whom the same shall be tried seizure, the or heard, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge,

justice, or court before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify on the record or other proceedings that there was a probable cause for the profecutor's seizing the said goods, ship, boat, or other vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage; and in such case the defendant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the persons who seized the said goods, ship, boat, vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage, be liable to any action, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; and in case any action, or other suit or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial or hearing against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such goods, ship, boat, vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage, where no information shall be commenced or brought to trial to condemn the same, and a verdict or sentence shall be given, upon such action or prosecution, against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action or prosecution may be brought shall certify, in like manner as aforesaid, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides his goods, ship, boat, vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage so seized, or the value thgjreof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to, ny costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several regulations in this act contained, except where the time for commencement thereof is otherwise in this act fixed and provided for, shall commence from and after the following periods; videlicet In respect to ships or vessels coming from any part of Europe from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, onethonfand seven hundred and eighty six; in respect

defendant shall not be inti tied to cods, etc.

Commencement of this act.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto geoegii III c.40u 4^

spect to ships or vessels coming from any partof Africa or America, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven 5 and in respect to ships and vessels coming from Asia, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, eight.

XXXIII And whereas, by an act of parliament made in the third Recital of year of the reign of his prejent Majesty, (entitled, An al for the £ 5*

further improvement of his majesty's revenue of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making seizures;; for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his majesty's dominions), it is, amongst other things, enabled.... ....

it Shall and may be lazvful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty s customs to cause all Ships, vessels, and boats, and all goods, of what kind soever they may be (excepting only such vessels, boats, and goods as are by law liable to be burnt), which Shall be seized by any officers of the customs for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, or for any other cause of forfeiture, and condemned, according to law, to be sold publicly to the bejl bidder, at such places as the said commissioners Shall think proper: and whereas, by an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty entitled. An at 4 Geo. 3.0.15, for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America); for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending, protecting, and securing, the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the better Jecuring the plantation trade); and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the'same and Great Britain); it is, amongst other things, enabled. That all forfeitures and penalties inflicted by that or any other act or acts of parliament, relating to the trade and revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, which shall be incurred there, Shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in the said colonies or plantations where such offence Shall be committed, or in the court of vice admiralty, which may or Shall be appointed over all America; which court of admiralty, or vice admiralty, are thereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same, at the election of the informer or prosecutor; but the said last recited act not having given any directions by whom ships and goods so seized and prosecuted in the said British colonies or plantations Shall be sold, after the condemnation thereof, and it being expedient that the same Should be sold, by the officers of his Majesty's revenue,

L 1 4 in

roo Anno vtefcfimo sexto Georgii III g. 41. {1786.

in like manner as they are sold in Great Britain : in order, therefore, to obviate any doubts that have arisen or may arise in such cases, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Sept, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one 1786, all.vef thopfand seven hundred and eighty six, all ships and vessels, seized afd°d8 an g°°ds> what kind soever they may be, which shall be cohdcmedifi seized in pursuance of any at or ate made in Great Britain, the British co relative to the trade and revenue of the said Briiijh colonies or loniesiaame plantations, and which shall be condemned there, in any court fcdd*there by having jurifdicuon to try and determine the same, shall be sold public auc * by public au&ion to the best bidder, at the customhouse, by |lon. the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the

customs, for the island, colony, or plantation, in whose custody such ship, vessel, or goods shall be lodged and secured; and the produce of such sale shall be accounted for and applied by such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, according to law, subject to the orders and directions of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI

An act for the further support and encouragement of the fi/beries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights.

Preamble. X 7 HERE AS the fi/beries carried on in the Greenland seas VV and davis's Straights have been raised, by the bounties and encouragements already given, to a very fiourijhing condition: and whereas the said bounties will cease and expire on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and it will be proper further to encourage and support the [aid fisheries, by granting, to hips employed therein, Jucb other bounties as the present state of the public revenue may justify, and the nature and condition of the saidfi/heries appear now to require: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of For five years the same. That, for and during the space of five years, to be from Dec. 45, computed from the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-3786, Britishi fan(j seven hundred and eighty six, the bounties herein after the5whales 011 mentioned shall be paid and allowed under the several rules and fishery mull restrictions herein after expressed and directed; (that is to say), be visited by Every briti/b b\i\lt ship or vessel, owned by a briti/h subject or offir briti/h subjects usually residing in Great Britain, or in the whocfhah™er inlands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, which shall, within the tify the ad time limited by this act, proceed from any port of Great Britain, measurement, or the islands aforesaid, on the whale fishery, to the Greenland etc. to the feag5 or davis*s Straights, or to the seas adjacent, and which crs?mi 10n" hall be wanned and navigated with a master, and three fourths of the mariners at lead, being briti/h Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain, Inland or in the iflaads aforesaid, shall, before

is.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 4rj 501

fore (he proceeds on such voyage, or be entitled to the benefits of this abe visited by the proper officer or officers of the customs belonging to such port, who shall examine into such ship or vessel and take an account of the tonnage thereof by adgieafurement, and shall certify such his or their visitation and examination and admeasurement, to the commissioners of his majesty's customs; and if it appears by the certificate of such If such certi. officer or officers that (he hath on board such a number of men ficate proves provisions, boats, fiftiing lines, and instruments to be used in thepvo such fishery, as herein after are mentioned;, that (he is strongly age voy* built, and otherwise a proper ship for such voyage and fishery * hath on board, among her crew, a sufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line managers, who have before been employed in such voyages, (the names of such persons to b be contained in such certificate); and if it further appears, by ancj.if a the oath of one or more owner or owners, and of the master or Intention to chief officer of fuph ship or vessel, written at the foot of such proceedforth certificate, and made before the principal officers of the customs with thereon,, of such port, or any two of them, whereof the collector shall be one, (who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same), that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution that such ship shall, as soon as licence shall he granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, on a voyage to the Greenland feasor davis's Sireightx, or the seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching season, to use the utmost endeavours of themselves, and their ship's company, to take whales, or other creatures living in the sea, and on no other design or view of profit in such voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil, and blubber thereof, into the king and to import dom of Great Britain, (naming the port thereof to which it is w^alein(. their intention to return); and if the master, after such certifi Great Britain cate had and oath made, do also become bound, with two sufficient securities, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the bounty granted by this a, (which bond the said collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby, as far.as relates to the bounties granted by this act, authorised to take, and which is to be in force, for the term of three years, against the master and sureties, for the faithful dealings of the said master and ship's company in regard to the said ship and voyage), then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any three or the commifli more of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scot oners, on fecu land respectively for the time being, on receiving such certificates rj[jcn and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the collector grantyicence and comptroller of such port, that sufficient security hath been to the ship. given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the, master and owners of such ship,

'full licence and authority to proceed on such voyage as aforesaid.

II And, to 'prevent any disputes that may drife, whether a Jlnp he properly qualified and duly fitted out sir the wfale fijbery> according to

the

i

ft

502 ' Aimo vicesimo sexto Georgii in. c.41. [1786.

the Jrue intent and meaning of this ass, and entitled to a certificate ber of rnen" thereof from the custom house officers, it is hereby enacted, That filing lines, every ship of the burden of two hundred tonnes, designed for this C must be fishery, shall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty fishing on board. lines of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon irons, four boats, with seven men at the lead (including an har pooner, a steersman, and a line manager) to each boat, making in the whole twenty-eight men, besides the matter and surgeon, with six months provisions at the least for such number of men; and every ship of larger burden, an increase of six men, one boat, ten such lines, and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tonnes above the said two hundred tonnes, together with provisions in proportion; and every ship which shall be so employed in the said fishery, shall haro on board apprentices indentured for the space of three years at the least, who shall not exceed the age of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen years of age at the time they shall be so indentured, in the proportion of one apprentice at the least for every thirty-five tonnes burden, and one fresh or green man for every fifty tonnes burden, which apprentices and fresh^or green men shall be accounted in the number of men required to be on board such ship as aforesaid.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The officer of That on the return of such ship to the port of Great Britain, o on^eturaof one or wore of the owners and the matter thereof had de

the ship to dared on oath their intention to return, the proper officers of Great Britain, the customs, at such port, shall immediately repair on board and shall make a view the condition of such ship and her lacting, and certify the condition ** same, together with their observations thereon, as also the real See. * tonnage of the said ship; and the said officers are also to take an account or schedule of the names of the matter, mate, and other persons on board, distinguishing therein the harpooners and persons more immediately employed in the said fishery, and to cer and oath shall tify the same; and the matter and mate shall make oath before nothavfnffde principal officers of the customs, or any two of them, where viated from * f the collector shall be one as aforesaid (who are hereby impow*. the conditions ered and required to administer the same), that they did, in on which the pursuance of the licence granted as aforesaid (mentioning the eranted1*6 Wa ^ of their departure), proceed in a voyage directly to the pla 6 9 ces aforesaid, and have not since been on any other voyage, or

pursued any other design or view of profit; and that they did there (mentioning the time of their stay in those seas) use the utmost endeavour of themselves and their ship's company to take whales and other creatures living in those seas, and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported (if any) in such ship, were really and bona side caught and taken in the said seas, by the crew of such ship or vessel only, or with the assistance of the crew of some other british bm\$ lhip or vessel licensed for that voyage, Purffiant t0 the directions of this act, which oath shall ments ffianbe endorsed on or annexed to the licence aforesaid; and the transmitted to feid schedule, certificate, licence, apd oath, shall be transmitted the commis by the collector and comptroller of such port to the respective fioners, who commissioners

1786, 3 anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 417 '50 j

commissioners for that part of Great Britain where such ships or shall order a vessels shall arrive; and such commissioners, being fully satisfied bounty of of the faithful dealings of the matter and other persons employed 30 8* per on in such ships or vessels, with respect to such voyage and fishery,

shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the matter or owners, or to his or their assigns, by the receiver-general of the customs for that part of Great Britain where such ships or vessels shall arrive, a bounty or premium of thirty Shillings per tonne, according to the admeasurement of every such ship or vessel duly certified as aforesaid.

IV .Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by

the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be a 1- No son

lowed or entitled to receive the bounty herein before granted, fllan be inti

for any ship which shall proceed upon the said whale fishery, tied to the

from any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jer bounty, unleft

fey, or Man, after the said twenty-fifth day of December, one fais t

thousand seven hundred and eighty six, unless such ship shall fail of survey be

from the port where (he shall be surveyed and cleared, dire&iy fore April 10,

on her intended fittiery, on or before the tenth day of Aprils in yearly,

each and every year, and shall continue with her crew in the g^n°nt|j"ue8

Greenland feasor davis's Streigbts, or the adjacent seas, diligently Aug. 10, fol

endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in those lowing, unless

seas, and shall not depart from thence before the tenth day of laden with the

Auguji then following, unless such ship, if (he be of the burden onc

of three hundred tonnes, shall be laden with thirty ions of oil, or herein fpeci

blubber in proportion thereto, the blubber to be rated with re fied;

spect to the oil as three to two, and one tonne and a half of whale

sins or if (he be of greater or less burden, with a quantity of

oil or blubber, and whale fins, in like proportion to the tonnage

for which every such ship shall be entitled to the bounty, being

the produce of one or more whale or whales caught by the crew

thereof, or with the assistance of the crew of some other licensed

ship, before that time, or shall be forced by some unavoidable unavoidable

accident or necessity to depart sooner from those seas; which ac accident to

pident or necessity shall be verified on the oaths of the matter depart sooner,

and mate belonging to such ship, upon her return from the said whith shall be

fiffiery, before the principal officers of the customs, or any two oath and"

of them, (whereof the collector shall be one), at the port where transmitted

(be shall arrive, who shall transmit the same, together with the with the other

schedule, licence, and other documents by this at required, to documents to

the respective commissioners of the customs for that part of Great he c°mr?' IV t,. * » r, /! fi n r lioners or the

Britain where such ship shall arrive. customs,

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That in case it shall happen, during the continuance of this act, if a flfip that any ship or vessel shall not fail from the port where (he shall ready for be surveyed and cleared, directly on her intended fittiery, on or (ailing by. before the said tenth day of April in any year, provided it shall unavoidable y be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his necessity pre majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, that such vented from ship or vessel was properly qualified and duly fitted out, accord sailing till (pg to the directions of this act, and surveyed, cleared, and ready

for

504 anho▼kefimo sexto Georgii III 0.41. [1785.

for sailing, before the said tenth day of Aprils but w^s prevented from sailing by same unavoidable impediment or necessity, but shall actually have failed on or before the twenty-fifth day of April in every such year, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any four or more of them in England, or any the bounty three or more of them in Scotland, to pay the'bounty for such may be paid, ftip or ve(fej> jn C manner as if such ship or vessel had actually sailed on or before the said tenth day of April.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Bounties to je That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of anydmonies cuft°ms m England and Scotland respectively, to order the in the hands respective receivers general of the customs, in case the moneys re of the remaining in their hands arising from the old subsidy, shall not be

ceiver ge sufficient, at any time or times during the continuance of this

neral. aft, to fatjsfy the said bounty of thirty Shillings per tonne, payable

on all ships employed in the said fishery, according to the directions of this present act, to pay the same out of any moneys that shall be in their hands, arising from any of the duties and revenues under their management respectively.

VII And whereas it hath been found by experience, that Ships of one hundred and fifty tonnes burden are fit for the said fijh- eryi be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority

Ships of 150 aforesaid. That every owner or owners of any ship or ships of tonnes burden one hundred and fifty tonnes burden, which shall be employed in bounty. °* 6 tie finery, who have conformed themselves, in proportion to their tonnage, to the rules and directions herein before preferred to the owners of ships of greater burden, shall be inti tied to the said bounty, according to the admeasurement of such ship or ships respectively, provided such admeasurement be not less than one hundred and fifty tonnes.

VIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

No ship shall aforesaid. That no ship or vessel at this time employed in the a larger boun^ ai finery, although (he be above the burden of four hundred ty than for tonnes, shall be entitled to a larger bounty than a ship of four hun-400 tonne, dred tonnes would be. entitled to, and that (he shall continue to and only for enjoy the same for the space of five years, and no longer, from frcfrn Dec. 35, he said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun-1786; ' 5> dred and eighty six, in case such ship or vessel shall not be worn

and if not out, or have ceased before that time to carry on the said fishery; cmpfifhed 'n an hat no or ve^ which shall not, before the twenty-fifth beforethat ay December one thousand seven hundred and eighty LIX day, not have been employed in the said fishery, although such ship or larger than for vessel shall be above the burden of three hundred tonnes, shall 300 tonnes. be entitled to a larger bounty than a ship or vessel of three hundred tonnes would be entitled to.

Ships of more IX Provided also. That nothing in this present act contained tonnes or°aoo hall exten(*> or he construed to extend, to oblige the owner or tons', need owners of any ship or vessel above the burden of four hundred npt be fitted tonnes, or three hundred tonnes respectively before mentioned, to sit oat hut as of out, equip, and man any such ship, otherwise than as a ship or those burr vefly of the burden of four hundred tonnes, or three hundred

tonnes

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C r ^05

tonnes respectively, according to the directions of this act, in order thens, to en? to entitle him or them to the bounty herein before granted. title them to

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^nty*

no bounty granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to any foall be allow person or persons whatever, on account of any ship or vessel em ed to any ployed in the said fishery, unless a log book shall have been coil ship where a ftantly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log book the jjjs various situations and occurrences, respecting such ship or vessel, periy fcept? during the whole course of the voyage, shall be inserted every 9

day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall

have been in sight of land, diftinguilhing what land, and the bearings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings; and also the time when, and the latitude in which, any whale, or other creature living in the sea, shall have been kilied, taken, or caught by the crew of such ship or vessel; which log book, foto be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the which shall be matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command delivered to of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such of^e cuf ship or vessel, to the collector of the customs at the port in Great toms, before Britain where such ship or vessel shall arrive on her return from whom the the said fishery, for his inspection and examination; and the said ^ntents. matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with the mate thereof, shall jointly and several ly verify on oath the contents of such log book before such collector, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any such ship or vessel shall, in the course of her if a ship of voyage, meet or fall in with any of his majesty's ships or vessels war is met of war, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge at sea or command of her, shall, and is hereby required to produce to produced to the captain, or other officer commanding such ship or vessel of the captain, war, the said logbook foto be kept as aforesaid, and such captain who must or commanding officer shall, and is hereby required to make a make there*n memorandum in such log book, of the day on which it was so d^™°the- produced to him, and shall subscribe his name to such memoran production, dum, and shall also make an entry in the log book of the said chip

or vessel of war, of the name and description of the ship or vessel on board of which the log book of such ship or vessel so and must produced to and signed by him was kept; and in case such ship like wise be or vessel, on board of which a log book is so required to be kept {££ °

as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign port, where there is or consul at any

shall be a British consul, or other chief briti/h officer, the matter, foreign port, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, and is hereby required to produce such log book to such British consul, or other chief British officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum therein, of the day on which it was so produced to him, and shall in like manner subscribe the same.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That every ship or vessel, owned by his majesty's subjects reships fitted

e fidinfr out from Ire"

C licnn2 land, agree

So

able to the Regulations of this act, shall be intitlecf to the bounty.

The owners may irifure

Afina vicesimo (exto Georgii III C 4i. [ 1 Jr

siding in Ireland, and fitted out from any port in that kingdom which shall have complied with the conditions of this act, to be verified by certificates, in such manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions as are required, by any law in force before the passing of this act, to entitle ships or vessels, fitted out frdm Irelandr, to the bounties then existing for the encouragement of the Greenland and whale fishery, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thohfand seven hundred and eighty six, be entitled to such and the same bounties as the like ships or vessels fitted out from Great Britain, or the islands aforesaid, shall be entitled to by virtue of this act.

XIII And whereas applications have heretofore been made to parliament for the bounty on ships or vejjels e?nployed in the said fijloery that have happened to be loji at sea before their return to Great Britain, and a doubt hath arisen, whether the said bounty may be lawfully infurcd by the owner or owners of such Ships \ obviating such doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any such ships, be it declared and cnaded by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any ship employed, or defigft

case^fthe ^ ec*to emp'°yec* the kid fishery, to insure the bounty which loss of the such owner or owners would be entitled to upon the return of ship. such ship to the port to which the matter, and one or more of

the owners of such ship or vessel, shall have declared, on oath, their intention to return; and on the performance of all other matters directed and appointed by this present act to be performed for obtaining the said bounty.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall artd may be lawful for any person qr^persons^ for and during the*yime limited by Mipar tririto Great

Britain whafe fins^pl, Or blubber 0?" whales, seal oil, or seal skins, or any otliararoduce of seals, or other fish or creatures taken or caught wthe said Greenland feasor Davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by Briiijh subjects, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands aforefard, in british built ships or vessels, owned and navigated as before required, in regard to the bounties granted by this act, without paying any custom, subsidy, or other duty, for*the same; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give liberty of im

made that the porting any of the before mentioned articles duty free, unless caugh^by the master and mate f the ship or vessel importing the same crews of such shall first make oath before the principal officers of the customs, ships. or any two of them, (of which the collector shall be one), in

the port or ports of importation, (who are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer such oath), that all the whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, seal oil, seal skins, or other produce of seals, or other fish or creatures imported in such ship or vessel, are really and bona side the sins, oil, or blubber of whales, or the skins* ofl, or other produce of seals, or other ii(h

or

Whale fins, see. may be imported in British ships duty free;

but not unless oath is

178 6.] Anno vicesimo fexfco Georgii III C 4 U

or creatures caught and taken in the said Greenland feasor Davis's Streigbts, or in the seas adjacent, by the crews of such ships or vessels only, owned, fitted out, and navigated as aforesaid.

XVI And it is hereby further enabled 'by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall give or grant any false certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate required or directed by this actor shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false certificate, or of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and every such certificate shall be invalid and of no effedh r

XVII And whereas the Greenland fishery trade cannot he carried on without a certain number of men particularly qualified to carry on the said fishery; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, who shall be in, or belong to, any ship or vessel in the Greenland fishery trade, and whose name (distinguishing the capacity in which the person so named is to at shall be inserted in a list, .which is hereby required to be delivered, on oath, by the owner of such ship or vessel to the collector of the customs at the port from which such ship or vessel is intended to proceed upon the said fishery, (which oath such collector is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall be impressed from the said service; and that any such harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, may, during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in the said fishery, fail in the colliery trade, upon giving security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that he pr they will proceed in the said ship or vessel to the Greenland feasor davis9s straights, on the whale fiftiefry, the next season; and that every seaman or common mariner who, after the first day of February, in any year during the continuance of this act, shall be entered to serve on board any ship which shall be intended to proceed on the said fishery in the following season, whose name shall be inserted in a list to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given security to the satisfaction of the cpmmif fioners of the customs to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said service from the said first day of February, till after the expiration of the then next season for the said fishery, and until the voyage home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not with (landing.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the Greenland seas, and Davis's Streigbts, and seas adjacent, within the intent and meaning of this act, shall be deemed and taken to extend to the latitude of fifty < nine degrees thirty minutes north, and no farther,

XIX And

5<>7

Persons granting or using false certificates forfeit 5001.

No harpooner, C shall be impressed;

but may, when unemployed therein, fail in the colliery trade, on giving security to return the next season.

Common seamen protetted till the end of the season after entry.

Extent of the fishery.

o

commiflio'n ers of the customs to lay before parliament, annually, the a mount of the number of ftips, etc. employed.

How penalties are to be appropriated.

General issue.

Treble costs.

Preamble.

t -

Anno vicefinw sexto geqrgii lit e. 42. [ 17 86.

XIX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the comraiffioners of his Majesty's customs tor England and Scotland respectively shall, at the beginning of every session of parliament, lay before both houfbs of parliament an account in writing under their hands, of what number of ships or vessels have been employed in the whale fishery to Davids Straight and the Greenland seas, with their respective names and burdens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what quantity of oil or blubber, or whale fins, each ship or vessel shall have imported.

XX And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afofe said, That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prqfecute for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster9 or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively, where the offence shall be committed.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act: and if it shall appear foto have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discon * tinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law

CAP. XLII

An aid for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon battens and deals imported into Great Britain.

Most gracious Soveriegn,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious consideration your majesty's most gracious speech to both houses of parliament, recommending the establishment of a fixed plan for the reduction of the national debt; and your faithful commons being desirous of obtaining that desirable object by the most easy and effectual means, have, towards that purpose, resolved to give and grant to your majesty the several duties and impositions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by

ij86.] Anno vicesimo je^tto Georgii III c.42; £09

and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preferit parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twelfth New duties day of June, one thousand seven'hundred and eighty six, there onbattensand shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of s impor his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon the goods herein after mentioned, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties already imposed and payable thereon, the several and respective additional duties following; that is to say, For every one hundred and twenty battens, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of five Shillings; and after that rate for any greater or Ief$ number of battens: and for. every one hundred and twenty deals, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of twenty Shillings; and after that rate for any greater or less number of deals.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That which shall the several duties herein before granted shall be under the ma management nagement and direction of the commiitioners of his majesty'scuf of thecom toms in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down mhtioners o in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, custom and shall be drawn back, upon the due exportation of such

goods respectively to foreign parts; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the same manner and form, and under the like re ftrictions, penalties and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are ^

respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid and allowed, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, in any act or actsof parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present at.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Application of all the moneys to arise by the duties and impositions granted by the duties, this act (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the

same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at jvejlminster, distinct and a part from all branches of the public revenue, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is now applicable unto.

IV And whereas jlanding contra ft may have been made before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, by the importers or proprietors cf battens and deals for serving persons with such battens and deals, or either of those articles respectively, to be delivered in point of time after the said twelfth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six \ be it therefore enacted by

the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twelfth Cfauferelative day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the importers or proprietors of such battens and deals, or either of may^fonde those articles respectively, which shall be delivered after the said livering bat twelfth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, tens, etc after

Vol. XXXV Mm in June 1**17 M.

zia

r t

Rrovifo.

Preamble

3a Gea. a. a.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.43, 44* [ 17 8

in purfiiance of such contrasts, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon such battens and deals, or either of those articles respectively, and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid the same accordingly.

V Provided nevertheless. That the parties who have contracted to receive the said goods shall have the liberty to annul and, cancel the bargains they have entered into, in case they choose foto do, rather than pay tile said addition of duties.

CAP. XLIII

An act to continue and render mote effectual an act, paired in the twenty first year of his majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Recital of aft 7 Geo. 3. e. 58. and aft 10 Geo. 3. C 40. and aft at Geo. 3. C 58. and aft zi Geo. 3. C 8a. so much of recited acts 11 and ai Geo. 3. repealed, as relates to putting the management or distribution of 8000i. or eight fifteenth parts of money, for the encouragement of railing and dressing hemp and flax, under commissioners of trade and plantations, or committee of privy council, repealed. Grants for the encouragement of growth, etc. of hemp and flax put under management of the treasury. Bounties continued for 7 years. Claims for bounties to be exhibited toajustice, to belaid before the quarter session. Claimants must give bond that the bounties have been duly claimed. At every quarter sessions the bounties granted must be published, and the conditions required, on making such claims. And at Midsummer sessions, annually, the names, etc. of claimants published. Treasury are to order receivers of the land tax to issue money to the Tuflices to pay the bounties. Account of hemp sold to be delivered therewith, and receipt given to the seller by the buyer. All unsettled claims shall be finally settled at the first quarter sessions after pafiing thia aft. Annual account of hemp railed, and bounties paid, shall be laid before parliament. A reasonable allowance shall be made to the clerks of the peace for their trouble. Recited acts of 7. 10. and zt Geo. 3. continued. Continuance of this act, for 7 years, from March 15, 1787, and to the end of the next session.

CAP. XLIV

An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the benefits of an act, passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty

[32 Geo. 2. c.28.]

King George the Second, of glorious memory, entitled, An act for relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, to several persons who have neglected to take the benefit of the same, and also to several persons who were not entitled to any benefit under the said act: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

[The relief granted to debtors not exceeding 100l. by 32 Geo. 2 c.28 extended to all not exceeding 200l.]

authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, every person now or hereafter in execution for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds, shall be entitled to such relief as by an act passed in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, is granted to persons charged in execution for any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred pounds.

[Creditors for less than 200l. may compel debtor to deliver up effects, etc.]

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or Creditors for administrators, at whose suit any debtor shall be charged in execution for any sum or sums not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds, shall have such remedy, by compelling such debtor to deliver up his or her estate and effects for the benefit of his or her creditors, as is provided by the before recited act, in cases where the sum for which such debtor shall be in execution does not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds.

III And whereas many persons are often committed on attachments, for not paying money awarded to be paid under submissions to arbitration by rules of court, or under submissions to arbitration bonds, and which submissions have been made rules of the court, in pursuance of sn act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the Third,

[9 & 10 Gul. 3. c.15.]

for determining differences by arbitration, and likewise for not paying of costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose; and also upon any writ of excommunicato capiendo, or other process for, or grounded on the nonpayment of costs or expenses in any cause or proceeding in any ecclesiastical court; it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, and subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

[Gaolers to give notice of this act to all debtors in their custody, etc.]

IV And be it further enacted, That all gaolers and keepers of prisons are hereby directed and required to give notice of this act to all persons in their custody for debt, within three days after such persons shall have been respectively committed or charged in execution, so as to make the same clearly and perfectly understood; and if any gaoler or keeper of a prison shall neglect to give such notice according to the true intent and

[on penalty of 50l.]

meaning of this act, he shall forfeit and pay, to any person who shall sue for the same, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by him or her by action of debt in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such action the proof shall lie on the person against whom the same shall be brought: provided nevertheless, that such action shall be brought within six calendar months after the cause of action accrued.

[Time allowed debtors for taking the benefit of the recited act extended.]

V And be it further enacted, That where any debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected to take the benefit of the said act, within the time limited by the said act, and shall have remained in prison by the space of one year, and shall make it appear to the court out of which such execution issued, that such neglect arose from ignorance or mistake, such debtor shall then be entitled to take the benefit of the said act, as if he or she had taken the same within the time by the said act so limited as aforesaid.

[Creditors may file interrogatories, etc.]

VI Provided always. That it shall be lawful for any creditor or creditors, at whose suit any debtor shall be so in execution as aforesaid, to file interrogatories for the examination of such prisoner, before his or her being admitted to take the benefit of this or the before recited act.

[Not to extend to debts due to the crown, etc.;]

VII Provided always, That this act shall not extend to any debt or debts that may be owing to the crown, nor shall it affect any proceeding which at any time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any commission of bankrupt.

[nor to Scotland.]

VIII Provided also. That this act or anything herein contained, shall not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Continuance of this act.]

IX. Provided also, That this act shall continue and be in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLV

An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twenty

[25 Geo. 3, c.58.]

fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards, taken, cured, and exported; it is enacted,

That for every cajk or veffiel of pilchards, containing fifty galions, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity thereof which floould he exported from any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond, the seas, between the twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the iwenty fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, upon which the person or persons exporting the same should be inti tied to a certain bounty of seven Jh tilings, by virtue of or under the two several acts therein mentioned, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George at 5 Geo. i. the Ftrjl, entitled, An act for recovering the credit of the British CI x8. fishery in foreign parts; and better securing the duties upon

salt; and the other, made in the third year of his late majesty King Act 3 Geo. a. George the Second, entitled, An act for taking off certain duties C ao. * on salt, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 45.

payable to the Eatft India company, on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lion, executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mersey in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty four; an additional bounty of two Billings Should be paid and payable to such person and persons, so entitled to the said bounty of seven Billings, at such times, in such mariner, by such person and persons, and out of such moneys, as the J aid bounty ofseven Billings was by the said two several as or either of them, directed to be paid: and whereas the said fishery is of great importance to the nation, by promoting useful industry, providing for great numbers of poor people, and serving as a nursery for able seamen; and inasmuch as the same cannot he carried on without a continuance of the J aid additional bounty of two Billings: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaested; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and every power, provision, clause, matter, and thing therein contained (except as herein after is mentioned), shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be, and the same are hereby continued for and during the term of five years, and shall, during such term, be in full force, and be put in execution, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were repeated and reenacted in the body of this present act.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the quantity of pilchards, which shall be exported from any port or place, ports or places, in Great Britain, to parts beyond the ieas, upon which the said bounty of seven Shillings shall become payable, do or shall, in any one year of the said term of five years, herein before granted or limited for the continuance of the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, exceed the quantity of twenty thousand hogsheads, the said additional bounty of two Shillings shall not be payable or paid for or in respect of any pilchards so exported as aforesaid, beyond or exceeding the said quantity of twenty thousand hogsheads; anything in the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or in this present act, or in any other act or acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III Provided also, and be it enacted, That if a greater quantity than twenty thousand hogsheads of pilchards shall be taken, cured, and exported, in each or any one year of the said term of five years, then, in each and every such year, the said additional bounty of two Shillings upon the quantity of twenty thousand hogsheads shall become payable, and shall be paid to each and every person and persons respectively entitled to the said additional bounty, in proportion to the whole quantity of pilchards so taken, pured, and exported.

M m 3 IV And

5* 3

act 25 Geo. 3. continued for five years from June 34* 1786.

Additional bounty of as. for every 50 gallons of pilchards exported, not to be paid for a larger quantity than 20, 000 hogsheads in one year.

But the said bounty on 20, 000 hogsheads, where a larger quantity has been exported, shall be divided proportionally among the vefieb.

5»4

Bxpcnces of this act to be born by the persons entitled to the bounty

Public act

Preamble

Fund in the hands of the lords of session to be paid to the receiver-general in Scotland on April 5, 1787, to be remitted to the exchequer in England.

Out of the revenues appointed by acts 7 and io Annae, for supporting the court of fef fsons, etc.

]Anno vicesimo sexto Gjeorgii III C 46. [1786.

IV it further enacted, That the costs and charges

incident to, and attending the obtaining and jpafling of this act, shall be born, paid, and defrayed by the several persons to whom the said additional bounty of two shillings shall be payable and paid, rateably and in proportion according to the sum of sums of money so by them respectively received, but not exceeding two Shillings on each cask or vessel of pilchards containing fifty galions; any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And be it farther enacted, That this act shall be deemed a public aft; and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without special pleading the same.

CAP. XLVI

An act for augmenting and fixing the salaries of the lords of session, lords commissioners of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the fiated salaries of the lords of session, lords commissioners of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are inadequate to the. dignity and importance of their offices: and whereas certain additional allowances have been made to some of the judges of these courts by warrants under his Majesty s privy seal in Scotland, which allow antes ought to be permanent; and whereas the lords of jejfion are p°jfejfed of a fund called The Stock of the Court, by grants before the union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland, amounting to twenty-two thousand seven hundred pounds sterling, of capital money, the yearly interest of which they have been in uje to divide among them, but which sum ought now to be refiored to the public: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said sum of twenty-two thousand seven hundred pounds together with the sum of one thousand one hundred and thirty-five pounds sterling, being one year's interest on the said capital, shall, on the fifth day of April, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be paid in to the receiver-general of his majesty's land rents in Scotland, in order to be by him remitted to the exchequer in England, for the use of the public, and the said receiver-general for the time being is hereby authorised and required to take all legal steps, if necessary, for recovering the same.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That'in time coming there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every year, out of the moneys that shall arise from any the duties and revenues in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by acts made in the seventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the payment of

the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 47. ' 5^5

the fees, salaries, and other charges, allowed or to be allowed there shall be by her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for keeping up the courts of session, judiciary, and exchequer, in Scotland, the several juries herein * salaries following, to the judges after mentioned; (that is to say), specified. The sum of two thousand pounds sterling to the lord president of the court of session for the time being; the sum of one thousand pounds sterling to each of the other lords of session for the time being; the sum of two thousand pounds sterling to the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being; the sum of one thousand pounds sterling to each of the other barons of the said court of exchequer for the time being; the sum of six hundred pounds sterling to the lord justice clerk for the time being; and the sum of three hundred pounds sterling to each of the other lords commissioners of judiciary for the time being.

III And be it enacted. That the first quarter's payment of The first pay' the said respective sums shall be made on the fifth day of July, n^ntto be^ou

in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and Juy*»17 thereafter the same shall continue to be paid quarterly in every year, in such manner as the fees, salaries, and other charges of keeping up the said courts in Scotland, have accustomarily been paid since the union of the two kingdoms; and the sums hereby granted shall be in place of the different salaries and allowances, which the judges of the said courts do at present, or have been in use to enjoy, whether by dated salary, additions by privy seal, or interest of the aforesaid money, excepting always any additional yearly sum, which is or may be granted by his Majesty, by warrant under the privy seal in Scotland, to one of the puisne barons of the said court of exchequer, when appointed to that office from the bar of England; and excepting also the sums iflfued in every year for defraying the expenses of the judiciary judges at their circuits.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Public act. That this act shall and may be deemed and taken to be a public

a.

CAP. XLVII

An aid for discharging the payment of sentence money, and other fees of court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the payment of sentence money to the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh; for granting salaries to the judges of the said courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the nomination of the said judges.

WH E R E A S the judge of the court of admiraltywhich was Preamble. stipulated by the articles of union to be continued in that part Great Britain called Scotland, has never had any ft ate d salary or allowance from the public, but has been in the use of receiving fen fence money, and other casual fees, upon proceedings in the said courts which practice ought to be abolished: and whereas the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh have likewise been in the use of rem

m 4 ceiving

From July 5, 1786, the judge of the admiralty in Scotland shall receive 400i. annually, in lieu of all per quilites:

and the

judges of the commissary court iool. annually each 4n lieu of sentence money

But other usual perqul files may be received.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0. 47* [1786.

tewingfentence money, and are other wise insufficiently provided: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for the present judge of the said court of admiralty, or his successors in that office, directly or indirectly, to ask or take from any suitor sor suitors in the said court, or any other person or persons, any fee or perquisite, for acting or doing business as a judge of the said court of admiralty, in name of sentence money, poundage, droits of admiralty, or upon any pretence whatever; and in lieu of all fees and perquisites heretofore in use to be paid to or exacted by or for the judge of the said court, the present judge, and his successors in office, shall be entitled to and receive a yearly salary, amounting to the sum' of four hundred pounds sterling, payable in the same form, and upon the same establishment, as the faiaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, and exchequer are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; the first quarter's payment of the said salary to be made on the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix it shall not be lawful for the judges of

9 the commissary court in Edinburgh, or their successors in office,

direcftly or indirectly, to ask or take, from any suitor or suitors: : the said court, or from any other person or persons, any fee or perquisite for acfting or doing business as judges of the said commissary court, in name of sentence money, upon the decrees pronounced by them; and in lieu of such sentence money heretofore in ule, as well as for the better provision of the said commissaries, they and their successors in office shall be entitled to and receive the sum of one hundred pounds sterling per annum each of fahry, payable in the same form, and upon the same establishment, as the faiaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, and exchequer, are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; the first quarter's payment of the said salary to be made on the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

III Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the allowances to the said commiflta ries out of the bishops rents shall continue as before; and that nothing herein contained shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish their customary dues on the confirmation of testaments, or other articles, except that of sentence money, as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish the customary and lawful dues or perquisites of the clerks and

fifcals

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 48.. 517

, fifcals of any of the said courts, but that the said clerks and fif cals shall still continue to receive what they are by law or custom entitled to in name of sentence money, or other wise: and, for the better ascertaining the extent thereof, in those cases where the judges and the clerks and fifcals have heretofore been in use to receive joint fees or perquisites, and where the judges are not in future to receive them, the said judge and judges of the two courts aforesaid respectively are hereby empowered and required, on or before the first day of November, in the year one Regulations thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to establish regulations g^for^pay for the payment of the clerks and fifcals dues in their several ment the courts, according to the just amount of the proportions or sums clerks and fif which the said clerks and fifcals have been in use to receivd in ca their ac time past in the cases aforesaid, and which regulations shall be^uftomeci entered in their books of sederunt; and it shall be lawful and"aue8‘ competent to any party concerned to complain to the court of section against such determination, at any time within six months thereafter; whose judgement given upon the same, or that of the said judges not complained of, shall continue to be the rule for levying the said dues in time coming.

V And be it enacted, That in time coming, no person shall Nopersonto be appointed to the office of judge of the said court of admi be appointed ralty, or to the office of any of the said commissaries, unless he miffalrywho** has, during three years immediately preceding his appointment, has not prac attended the court of session regularly and bona side as a pracfti tifed. in the tioner in the time of session; and if any appointment shall hap pen to be made contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, ye^rs, ^ the same shall be null and void.

CAP. XLVIII

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the revenue the sums granted out of the same, in this session of parliament towards the augmentation of the salaries of ike judges of the courts of session, jufliciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commijfary court ofedin burgh.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to replace to your majesty's revenue, arising in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the most easy means, the sums granted out of the same in this present session of parliament, towards the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commissary court of Edinburgh, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and

From July 5, 1786, the following stamp duties shall be paid on vellum, C

For every ikin of depositions before the court of session, or affidavit in the exchequer, !#.

For every extract from any public register, is. per lkin.

Not to extend to matters where the public interest is concerned, nor to civil causes under the value of 5i. C

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners for fiamps.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 48. [1786.

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of fuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his hefts and successors, the several and respective rates and duties following \ that is to say.

That for and upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed * or written, any deposition or depositions of a witness or witneflfes taken in any cause or suit before the court of session, or commiffioil of teinds, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commissary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil cause before any inferior court in Scotland, or whereupon any affidavit, or written deposition produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland, (hail be engrossed, printed, or written, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one shilling (lerling:

That for and upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any extra or attested copy of or from any deed, instrument, or writing, (except protests upon bills or promissory notes under forty Shillings (lerling,) given out from any public register, or from the books or record of any court in Scotland, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one shilling (lerling.

II Provided always, and be it hereby further enabled, That nothing in this a contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said rates and duties any deposition or depositions taken in any cause or suit, before any of the said courts in Scotland which is infilled in at the instance of the public prosecutor, for the public interest, or where the public revenue is concerned > or any deposition or depositions taken in any civil cause, before any inferior court aforesaid, where the sum or subject concluded for is under the value of five pounds (lerling, exclusive of cods 5 or any such deposition or depositions, taken in any of the courts aforesaid, by or at the instance of any person or persons on the poor's roll of such court, and who is, are, or shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperise or any extracts of the decrees of courts, other than such formal decrees of registration as are usually annexed to the extracts of writings.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, of the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to epiploy such officers under them for that purpose,

and

1786.] Anno vicesimo fextogeorgh III c.48. 519

and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this at in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties by Vellum, etc, this act imposed, shall, before the same shall be engrossed, print ^^fore^whttea ed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for (lamping ^orewn or marking vellum, parchment, or paper 5 and the said commissioners, by themselves or by their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as by this at is directed, any quantities, or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought to them for that purpose, the person so bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the (lamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act; and in default of sufficient quantities of vellum, parchment, and paper being brought to the head office to be stamped as aforesaid, the commission said commissioners are hereby required to take especial care that the several parts of that part of Great Britain called Scotland jum^&c^tobe shall, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, ready for such parchment, and paper, stamped and marked as aforesaid, so as as may call the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may have or it it in their election to buy the same of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual or most common rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be stamped at the head office of (lamps as aforesaid.

V And be it further ens&ed by the authority aforesaid.

That the same allowance shall be made on present payment of Usual allour the several duties granted by this at, in such manner as by any anc f to be former law relating to lxamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is V

directed and allowed. £e„t

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons shall engross, print, or write, or Persons using cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, upon any vellum, uuftamped parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the jeamujj*of toct said vellum, parchment, or paper, ought to have a mark or jow a value, (lamp as aforesaid, before such time as the said vellum, parch forfeit iol. mentor paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, any such matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped, for any lower duty than the duty by this al payable for what shall be so engrossed, printed, or written, every such person so offending shall, for

q every

$20

and, if in a public office, forfeit their employment.

attorniesj&c. committing such fraud to be disabled from practising.

Penalty of aol. on every deposition, etc. so illegally made out, which is invalid till the duty and penalty be paid.

Anno wcefimo sexto Georgii IIL C 48. [1786.

every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and invafe any extractor, clerk, officer or person, who, in refpe#of any public office or employment, is or shall be entitled of entrusted to make, engross, print, or write any deposition, extra, or other writing by this a charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, (hal! be guilty of any fraud or practice to deceive his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any duty by this a payable, by making, engrossing, printing, or writing, any such deposition, extra, or other writing, or causing the same to be made, engrofied, printed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or pfcper, marked of stamped with any mark, or stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or by engrossing, printing, or writing the same upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty as aforesaid, then every such extra#or, clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any such fraud or pra#ice, and being thereof lawfully convi#ed, shall (over and above the penalty aforesaid) forfeit his office, place, or employment re fpe#ively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future 5 and if any attorney, conveyaneer, agent, writer to the signet, writer, solicitor, or procurator, belonging to any of the courts aforesaid, shall be guilty of any such fraud or pra#ice as aforesaid, and be convi#ed thereof, he shall (over and above the penalty aforesaid) be disabled for the future to praise as an attorney, conveyaneer, agent, writer to the signet, writer, solicitor, or procurator, respectively; and if any deposition, extra, or other writing, by this a charged with the payment of a duty as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, be engrofied, printed, or written, by any person or persons whatsoever, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped according to this a, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped for a lower duty as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, there shall be due, answered, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above the duty aforesaid, for every such deposition, extra or other writing, the sum of ten pounds sterling, and no such deposition, extra, or other writing, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court in Great Britain, or admitted in any court in Great Britain to be good, useful, or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds sterling, shall be first paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and a receipt produced for the same, under the hand or hands of some of the officers who shall be appointed to receive the duties abovementioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deposition, extra, or other writing, shall be engrofied, printed, or written, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or (lamp, according to this a;; the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty, and the sum of ten pounds sterling, unto him or them, to give a receipt for

521

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 48.

the same, and to mark or (lamp the said vellum, parchment, or ' paper, with the proper mark or stamp accordingly.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the commissioners for the said duties on vellum, parch commission menr, or paper, from time to time, shall and may appoint a fit er? perfomto attend in any court or office, to take notice of the vel torsof ttepa lum, parchment, or paper upon which any the matters or pers used in things aforesaid shall be engrossed, printed, or written, and of courts, and the marks or (lamps thereon, and of all other matters and

things tending to secure the said duties; and that the judges in during the *

the several courts aforesaid, and such others to whom it may duties.

appertain, at the request of such commissioners, or of any two

or more of them, shall make such orders in the respective courts,

and do such other matters and things for the better securing of

the said duties under their charge, as shall be lawfully and reasonably

desired in that behalf.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said commissioners, and all other officers who shall be commission employed in the collection or management of the said several rates and duties herein before granted, shall, in the execution re&ionsof the of their offices, observe and perform such rules and orders as treasury, and they respectively shall from time to time receive from the high not t0 tafce treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or an see more of them for the time being, and that no see or reward shall be taken or demanded by any such commissioners or officers from any of his majesty's subjects, for any matter or thing to be done in pursuance of this act; and in case any officer employed in the execution of this act, in relation to the said rates and duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any matter Persons neg or thing by this act required or directed to be done or perform hing their ed by him, whereby any of his adajesty's subjects shall or may liable to prose sustain any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall be cution. liable to any action, to be founded on this statute, to answer to the party grieved all such damages, with treble costs of suit.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or pro Persons coun. cure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, terfeiting or directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in forsed pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by Gf felony.u1 * this act granted, or shall counterfeit or referable, or cause to be counterfeited or resembled, the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeited; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged

II Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 48- [1786.

judged a felon and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Provisions of X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That extendtothis* powers, provisions, articles, clauses and all other matters and * things prescribed or appointed by any former acfc or als of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (not hereby altered or repealed), hall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this at, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Duties to be That the duties herein before granted shall be paid from time cewei^sceue 6* t0 tltne nt bands be rcceiver general for the time be ral, and by mg f the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, him into the who shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, and pay exchequer, the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting rate^ccount* or ^ame» being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, is to be kept, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged and the moon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be ney carried to paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there fund shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the

moneys arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, foto be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a part of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XII Jnd, to the end the several sums granted out of the revenue arising within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, towards the augmentation of the salaries of the said judges, maybe duly replaced, in case the said duties hereby granted/hall be deficient for that purpose, by such other ways and means as Shall he thought expedient by parliament when such deficiency Shall appear; be it further enatft

From Jan. t, ed by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day 1788, in an cf January jn the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty" eight, the auditor of the said receipt of his majesty's exchequer fore the com shall annually, within twenty days after the first day of January monsof the in every year, cause to be made out an account in writing of sums paid for a such sums Of money as shall be paid out of the said revenue f "n to the said judges for the augmentation of their salaries, in pur laries, and of fuance of any actor acts of this present session of parliament, for the produce of the year ending the fifth day of July then preceding; and also the dutiei. the produce of the duties hereby granted and paid into the said receipt, in the same year, ending as aforesaid; and shall cause such account to be laid before the commons in parliament, at

their

, by

sn

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 48*

their then session (if then actually fitting), of if the parliament shall not be then sitting, in such case, at their first or next session, to the end a sufficient further provision may be made for the replacing to the said revenue the several Aims so granted as aforesaid in augmentation of the salaries of the said judges, by such ways and means as shall seem expedient, in case any deficiency shall appear of the duties by this act granted for that purpose,

XIII And whereas by the Jaws now in force concerning the regulation of the judicatories in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, certain rates of fees and charges, due and payable to convey an, cers, and others who life to write for payment, are ejlablijhedr where byy and by the regulations and practice of the courts aforesaid consequent thereupon, each page of writing is underjlood to conjijl of thirtyfix lines, and each line of nine words, which hath been held a fair and reasonable quantity to be engrojfed or written thereon, according to the rates of the fees and charges allowed and payable for the same: now, in order to prevent his Mujejly, his heirs and successors, from being defrauded of any of the duties by this act granted, and in order that all matters and things by this act charged, may be engrojfed and written in such manner as they have been usually accujlomedyand by law ought to be engrojfed and written; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July Notmorethan in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no Ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, orfheetor piece of paper, whereon be

any matter or thing for which a duty or duties is or are pay infertedlnone able by this ais engrossed, written, or printed, within that ikin on penal part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be divided into, or L hall include more than four pages, whereof each page shall and may contain thirty-six lines, and each line nine words, and no more; and every such matter and thing shall be engrofied and written conformable to the said regulations, and according to the course and practice of the respective courts aforesaid; and that if any attorney, conveyaneer, agent, writer to the signet, writer, extractor, solicitor, procurator, clerk, or other person used to write for payment, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrofied, printed, or written, upon any skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, chargeable with any stamp duty by this a, any more or greater number of words than according to the rate and quantity abovementioned, or in any other manner, so as to insert in anyone such skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, above one thousand two hundred and thirty-six words, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of ten pounds sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed, and shall be, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any action or suit in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of any fe; e, reward, or disbursement, on account of the engrofiing, writing or making any Arch deposition, extra, or other writing aforesaid.

XIV And

propriated.

Mode of recovery of penalties.

No person to

524 Anno tficefimo sexto Georgii III C 48. [1786.

Howpenalties XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, are to be ap That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if fyed for within the space of six calendar months from the time of such penalty being incurred), in manner following; that is to say. One moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after mentioned, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all such pecuniary penalties shall and may be sued and recovered, with full costs of suit, in his majesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, * protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au be entitled to thority aforesaid. That such division or distribution of the pe

whopdoes" na^es aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted not prosecute t0 prosecuting for the same, within the time herein before in due time, for that purpose limited, and that in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have, or be entitled to, any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the Paid fifth day of July, in, the year one

excheaueron ^oufand seven hundred and eighty six, all such penalties or August r, an forfeitures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, as shall be due nually, and to or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue of be applied like this act, shall, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiver-general (or some person to be authorised by the said commissioners, or the major part of them for the time being) who shall keep a separate and di Hindi account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary charges of paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, on the first day of Augustin every year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the first day following which' shall not be a holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there (hail be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said penalties or forfeitures, or shares of penalties or forfeitures, paid into the said exchequer, shall be entered in such manner as other penalties or forfeitures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, for offences touching any the duties on stamped vellum, parchment and paper, are or shall, or may be directed by any at or acts of parliament of this present session to be entered; and the said moneys foto be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.. such manner, and to such purposes, as other penalties or forfeitures, due or payable to his Majesty, have

heretofore

His majesty's share to be paid into the

other penal ties.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii till. g.48.

525-

heretofore been used to be, or ought to have been paid or applied, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XVIII Provided always and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Justices to de and for any justice of the peace residing near the, place where the runiarv mat" offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence ters 0t penal against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary ties, penalty, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within six calendar months after such offence committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into thef matter of, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath he is hereby impow ered to administer), to give judgement or sentence for the pe * rial ty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, (all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to the informer and informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other moiety thereof, the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein before directed), and to. award and issue out his warrant under his hand and feaj for the levying any such pecuniary penalties and forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any); and where goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit the said offender to the house of correction, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons Appeal tfiav shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judge "^^etot e ment of any such justice, then he, (he, or they, shall and may, fion. upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county

shire, stewartry, or place, wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XIX And be it further en a died by the authority aforesaid

That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or Witnesses

witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the

peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on * 01 CI

the part of the prosecutor or of the person or persons accused

and shall neglect or refuse to appear at though time and place to be

for that purpose appointed, without reasonable excuse for such

Vox,. XXXV

his,

Anno vicesimo sexto cffiofegii III c.49. [1786.

his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall, be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds sterling, to be levied and paid irt such manner, and by such means, as is herein before directed as to other penalties.

XX Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and Jeflen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prpfecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and no such conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in ptfrfuance of this actor of any clause, matter, or thing, therein contained, such person or persons shall and may

General issue. p]ead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs. treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX

Jn a51 for granting to his Majesty certainjlamp duties on perfumery hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned; and on licences to be taken out by persons uttering or vending the same.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. 1TTTTE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious consideration your majesty's most gracious speech to both houses of parliament, recommending the establishment of a fixed plan for the redu&ionof the national debt'; and your faithful commons being desirous of obtaining that desirable object by the most easy and effectual means, have, towards that purpose, resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties upon the several wares and other articles herein after mentioned : and to that end and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ena& ed; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From July 5, by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth thd L day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there

Justices may

mitigate penalties.

.

tys6.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 49. 52^

shall beraised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the king to Be paid oa dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several new rates and duties following, 1 *

upon the several wares and other articles herein after mentioned; (that is to say).

That for and upon every packet, box bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any powders, pastes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, waters, washes, tindlures, essences, liquors, of other preparation or compofuion whatsoever, commonly calied, known, or diftinguilhed, by the name of Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, or by the name of Cofmeticks, used or to be used by any person or persons as sweet scents, odours, perfumes, or cofmeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other materials or ingredients, there shall be charged a damp duty according to the rates herein after expressed; and also, that for and upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any dentifrice, powders, tinctures, or other preparation or composition whatsoever for the teeth or gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale in Great Britain, there shall be charged a stamp duty, according to the like rates herein after expressed 5 and that for and upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet, box, pot, Or other enclosure of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation or composition for the hair, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain, there shall be charged a stamp duty, according to the like rates herein after expressed and also, that for and upon every packet, or other enclosure, containing any hair powder, which shall be ottered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain, the price whereof shall exceed two Shillings for the pound weight, there shall be charged a stamp duty, according to the like rates herein after expressed;; is fay),

Where any such wares, or Other articles aforesaid, shall not ^ketttc exceed the price or value of eight pence, there shall be charged of perfumes, a stamp duty of one penny : under 8d. va

And where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, shall lue d. exceed the price or value of eight pence, and not exceed the Between 8d. price or value of one shilling, there (hail be charged a stamp and S lci* duty of one penny halfpenny : ^

And where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, shall Between is. exceed the price or value of one shilling, and shall not exceed and as. the price or value of two Shillings and sixpence, there shall be i charged a stamp duty of threepence: :

where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, shall Between ts. exceed the price or Value of two Shillings and sixpence, and shall 6d. and s — — «, under the price or value of five Shillings, there (halbe charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

And where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid,, js, or up be of the price or value of five Shillings or upwards there (hal wards, — xr* be charged a stamp duty of one shilling:

No 2 That

$11 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.49. [1786.

Duties to be The faidr several and respective duties aforesaid to be levied and Jevied on paid, upon each and every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other etc!"accord^dg inc^^ure> an upon each and every roll, cake, ball, or piece of to the above such wares or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall rates. uttered, vended, or exposed to sale as aforesaid, according to

the respective prices or values above rated.

For every And also, That for and upon every packet, or other enclosure

packet of hair containing any hair powder, which shall be uttered, vended, or powder under exposed to sale inl Great Britain, the price whereof shall not ex for each * ™ ceec*two fr the pound weight, there shall be charged

pound, for each and every pound weight thereof, or any less quantity than a pound weight, a stamp duty of one penny.

Not to extend to drugs, etc. Kable to the duties ira posed by ad Geo. 3. C 79.

ftor to common soap urt mixed with perfumes.

Persons vending articles hereby taxed, to pay is. annually for a licence.

Duties to be under the management of the com$if

II Provided always. That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any drugs, oils, waters, efiences, tindure3, powders, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint incident to, or in anywise affecting the human body, which are charged and chargeable with certain rates and duties in and by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repealing an ar made in the tiven- ty-tbirdyear of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), with the rates or duties in and by this act imposed, or with any additional rate or duty by force hereof.

III Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the above rates or duties any common soap imported into or made in Great Britain, and charged and chargeable with any rate or duty under the management of the commissioners of the customs or the commissionerrs of excise, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale in Great Britain, wholly unmixed with any such sweet feents, odours, or perfumes as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

every person in Great Britain uttering, vending, or exposing

to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, lubjed to the duties herein before imposed, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose; and that for and upon every licence so taken out by any such person, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one shilling.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

. for the better and more effectual levying and colleding "the said several duties herein before granted, the same shall be

under the government, care, and management of the commrf.... Saner

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 49, 529

(toners for the time being appointed to manage the duties Ooners of charged on'damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or ftamp8* the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers for that purpose, ancj to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such stamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the passing of this act, any two or more commission of his majesty's commissioners, appointed to manage the duties for stamps arising by stamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or some ceifc^for'a person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such per year, from Ions who shall apply for the same, to utter, vend, or expose to July 5, 1786, fate, in any city, town, or place within Great Britain, any such to be renewed wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, subject to the ^ays before duties by this act imposed, and tfte said licences so granted shall they expire, continue in force for the space of one year, commencing from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first: granted to any person or persons after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all and every person and persons who shall take out such licence or licences for uttering, vending, or exposing to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid,

shall take out a fresh licence or licences for another year, ten days at the lead before the expiration of that year for which he,

(he, or they shall have been licensed, if he, (he, or they shall' continue to utter, vend, or expose to sale, such wares or other articles aforesaid, or any of them, and shall in. like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the sums due for the stamps on such licences folong as he, (he, or they shall continue to utter, vend, or expose to fate, such wares or other articles as aforesaid, or any of them.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand personsfelkng seven hundred and eighty six, no person or persons whatsoever shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such wares, or other ar without alludes as aforesaid, which shall be subject to the rates or duties cence, forfeit herein before imposed, unless he, (he, or they shall have first jl. obtained a licence, and then remaining in force, in such manner as is herein before directed, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That every person and persons uttering, vending or exposing Venders not

N n 3 to bavin£ tue

Anno .vicclimo sexto Georgii III. C 49. [1786.

words Licenf to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid.

Perfumer anc beenfed so t0 unc^er anc ky of this act, shall,

the frontof°n vv*thm the space of twenty days after such licence shall have their houses, been granted, cause the words Licensed to deal in Perfumery, to torfeit, $1, be painted or written in large and legible characters, either over the door, or in some visible place in the front of his, her, or their house, (hop, or warehouse, at the respective places at which he, (he, or they shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, to denote that such person or persons is or are a dealer or dealers in perfumery, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid shall, after the expiration of twenty days after such licence shall have been granted, presume to utter, vend, or expose to falc, any such wares or other article or articles subject to the duties by this at imposed, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tjnlicenfed That if any person or performs shall six or hangout any such Persons fixing notice as aforesaid' ' continue the same so fixed or hung out, on their having a licence for that purpose then remaining in

Jioufee, forfeit force, in such manner as is herein before directed, every such aol person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit

and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

X Jnd9 in order to secure the duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, which are subject to the duties hereby imposed, shall, from time tq time, apply to the said commissioners of (lamps, or to the officers appointed for that purpose, for paper covers, wrappers, or labels, to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed to packets, boxes, pots, bottles, phials, or other enclosures, containing any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, or to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed to rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces of such wares, or other articles, as shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, without any enclosure as aforesaid; upon which paper covers, wrappers, or labels, the said commissioners, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to print or impress, or cause to be printed or impressed, some mark, device, or some particular word or words, to denote the said duties, and the rate thereof: and the said commissioners are hereby also required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, from time to time tq every such licensed vender or venders, as occasion shall require, sufficient covers, wrappers, or labels, for the purpose aforesaid, on payment of the respective sums due for the (lamps thereon; and all and every the packets, boxes, pots, bottles, phials, and other enclosures, containing any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale therein,

by

Venders to send to the commission ers for stamped labels to paste on packets, in inch manner as the coin jnififioners shall direct.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0*49. 531

by any person or persons whatsoever; and also all and every the rolls, cakes, balls, and pieces of such other wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale as aforesaid, by any person or persons whatsoever,

shall have well and sufficiently palted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, such covers, wrappers, or labels, stamped, marked, impressed, or diftinguilhed as aforesaid, in such manner as the said commissioners shall dire: and the said commissioners shall, from time to time, devise and direct the manner in which such covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be patted or affixed to the said wares, or other article or articles aforesaid; or to the papers, thread, or other thing enclosing, or which shall be directed by the said commissioners to enclose, the same; and to make such rules and regulations in that behalf as they shall think fit and necessary, to prevent the covers, wrappers, or labels affixed to such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, from being made use of again, after they shall have been sold and disposed of; which rules, regulations, and directions, shall be delivered to all and every vender or venders aforesaid, at the time of his, her, or tfreijr taking out the first licence herein before directed to be taken out by every person and persons vending or exposing to sale such wares, or other articles aforesaid, subject to the duties by this act imposed; and so, from time to time, with every future licence that shall be granted, if any variation or alteration shall have been made in such rules, regulations, or directions aforesaid.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no person or persons shall, from and after the said fifth day Persons selling of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, utter, yend, packets with or expose to sale, or offer or keep ready for sale, or cause to be tapper, ™ r vended or exposed to sale, or offered or kept ready for sale, in with one of a any (hop, house, or other place, of which notice shall haye been wrong deno? sent as herein after directed, any wares, or other article or arti mination, sorties aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed, or receive s *

thing whatsoever by way of barter, or in exchange for any wares, or other article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the said duties, unless the cover, wrapper, or label, hereby directed to be patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed to the same, shall, previous to such sale, or exposing to sale, or offering for sale, as aforesaid, be well and sufficiently patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, in such manner as the said commissioners shall from time to time direct, and marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or that shall have any cover, wrapper, or label, patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a mark or (lamp of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, under pain that all and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall Hair powder and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, who is, are,

or shall be a maker or makers of hair powder, having duly made vaiuetand in a true eotry at any office of excise in Great Britain, as required quantity not

N n 4 by under 224 lb

m

rnsy be sold without a flam pec cover, C by tiie maker.

Persons selling such powder to keep an account

proper officer, on penalty of 20l.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 49. [1786.

by the several statutes in that case made and provided, to vend and fell to any person or persons dealing in hair powder, and licensed by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and to and for such Jicenfed person or persons to buy for sale any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed the rate of two Shillings for the pound weight, and packed in any calks, cherts, cases, bags, or other packages, each calk, chert, case, bag, or other package whereof shall contain two hundred and twenty-four pounds of such hair powder at the least, without affixing, or being required to affix, to the same, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or stamped according to the directions of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII And be it further enacted, That every such maker of makers of hair powder, as aforesaid, who shall vend or sell the same without stamps, under the powers arid directions of this

hereof for the act as aforesaid, shall keep one or more book or books, wherein jnfpeftion^ of he, (he, and they shall fairly enter in writing an exact, particular, and true account of all such hair powder which shall, from time to time, be sold by him, her, or them, without stamps, and the name and names of the respective person and persons, to whom, or to whose use, the same was so sold, and the particular days and times when the same was so sold; which book and books any officer or officers appointed by the said commissioners, or any three of them, for that purpose, shall and may, at all seasonable times, in the daytime, view and examine, and take any copy or copies of the same, or of such parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without hindrance or molestation, under the pain and penalty that every person offending in any of the particulars abovementioned shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV And, in order to prevent any such cover, wrapper, or labels as aforesaidafter the same, shall have been used in the sale or disposal of any ivares, or other article or articles aforesaid, subjeel to the said duties, from being made use of again for the like purpose, whereby his M'ijefifs revenue might be lejfened and dimint/hed; be it further

Persons selling enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per

^^famela f°ns roman aler lie ^ Juh* one thmj sand seven hundred and eighty six, fraudulently cur, tear, or take off, or cause to be cur, torn, or taken off, from any wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, subject to the said duties hereby imposed, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or imported with any mark cr (lamp in respect whereof or whereby any duty or duties by this act imposed is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceifors, after the same shall have been sold and disposed of, or shall fraudulently paste, slick, fasten, or affix, or cause to be parted, stuck, fastened, or affixed, to any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, any such cover, wrapper, or label, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid;; shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, or cause to be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, any such wares, or other

article

be) a iecond t*ne, forfeit jol.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 49. 533

article or articles as aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or label, which shall have been so fraudulently cut, tprn, or taken off as aforesaid;; and every the person and persons so offending, in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XV And, the better to prevent the like frauds, be it also further

enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per personsfelkng Tonnes shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, wilfully and knowingly sell or second^hne, buy, or give or receive any other thing whatsoever by way of 0r buying or * barter, or in exchange for, any such cover, wrapper, or label, selling packets marked or stamped with any mark or stamp in respect whereof r\th £ucr ** any duty or duties is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his orclt heirs or successors, in pursuance of this act (which hath been, before made use of in the sale or disposal of any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, liable to the said duties), in order to be again made use of for the like purpose; or shall wilfully and knowingly sell or buy, or give or receive anything whatsoever by way of barter, or in exchange for, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, subject to the said duties, or any such packet, box, pot, bottle, phial, or other enclosure aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or label, which hath been before made use of in manner aforesaid, parted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto; every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said commissioners for the time being appointed to Five pounds manage the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, Percent, dif or the major part of them, shall allow and pay to every person al°iowed°for who shall be supplied with paper covers, wrappers, or labels, in prompt pay pursuance of this act, after the rate of five pounds in the hun ment of dred pounds upon present payment of the said duty or duties up duties, pn the said covers, wrappers, or labels, foto them supplied.

XVII And whereas the pasting on and affixing the covers, wrappers or lables on the several wares or other article or articles, or the enclosures thereof, in the manner, and under the several rules, regulations, and directions, to be made hythe said commissioners, will tend greatly to secure the said duties by this act imposed, be it therefore

enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said Notice of the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, pvery person and persons who shall utter, vend, or expose to jjable^o duty sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, lito be sent to £ble to the duties by this act imposed, before they shall respec the commis tively obtain a licence to utter, vend, or expose to sale, the same jjoners f n pursuance of this act, shall give or send notice in writing of of d.

the usual (hop, house, or place, (hops, houses, or places, where F *

they respectively shall utter, vend, or expose to sale the same, or intend so tp doj which nptice shall be given or sent to the coma

mufioners

534 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 49. # liyxs;

roiffioners for the time being for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchmeht, and paper, or to their officers next adja * to the place or places respectively where such wares or other article or articles are uttered, vended, or exposed to fa!e, or intended foto be; and the like notice shall be given or sent, by every such person or persons, as often as they respectively shall change the places where such goods and other articles are by them sold, or intended to be sold j which notice shall contain the particular (hop, house, and place, and the particular room or apartment of the (hop, house, or place, wherein the same are so vended or exposed to sale, or intended To to be, upon pain that every person making default in giving notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and all such wares, and other article and articles aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed, which shall be kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, in any (hop, house, or other place, whereof notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid (except such wares, and other article or articles aforesaid, which are particularly enumerated and fpeci iied in a certain schedule to this act annexed, entitled, Schedule $etond\ and which shall be, and are hereby allowed to be kept for sale, and exposed to sale, in any such (hop, house or other place aforesaid, in bulk or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof), shall be deemed and adjudged to require a cover, wrapper, or label, marked and stamped as by this ai is required, to be previously affixed thereon, in manner to be directed by the Proper offi said commissioners as aforesaid 5 and it shall and may be lawful cer& may and for any officer or officers, being thereunto authorised by

where ^ commissioners, to enter in the daytime into any such stamped covers shop, house, or place, or any room or apartment whereof such are wanting, notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid, and there to search an examiqe whether the said several wares, and other ar paidfq? on or arts aforesaid, so kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, penalty of 5i. as aforesaid, in such (hop, house, or other place aforesaid, have respectively a cover, wrapper, or label duly affixed thereto, or to the enclosures containing the same, according to the directions of this act; and if such wares or other article or articles aforesaid (except as herein excepted) (hallhe exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale, in any such (hop, house, or other place as aforesaid, without any cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, or with a cover, wrapper, or label of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, or with a cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto unduly and infufficiemly, and contrary to the directions of the said commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer and officers respectively, and .he and they is and are hereby required to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the said wares, or other article or articles aforesaid so exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale as aforesaid reflectively, or to the respective enclosures thereof, a cover, wrapper, or label marked and stamped as k aforesaid, (to see supplied by the said officer or officers, if occa

fioo

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 49. 535

fion shall require), in such manner as the said commiffioriers shall from time to time direct; and if the owner or owners, or vender or venders thereof, or the person or persons having the care or custody thereof, shall not upon demand pay and discharge to the said officer and officers all such sums of money as shall have become due and payable by him, her, or them, in respect of the (lamps upon the said covers, wrappers, or labels so supplied as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the funp of five pounds, over and above the said duties, to be recovered and applied as herein af ter is directed.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the Persons ob said officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given ccnfirtfhe^" to him or them by this act, for securing the said duties, every executioifof such person and persons so offending shall, for every such offence, their duty, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and forfeit aql. applied as herein after is directed.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enabled, That Damaged Iain case any covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be damaged, de ™eclfor faced, or spoiled in affixing the same upon such wares, or other otherswithout articles as aforesaid, or other wise, so as to be rendered unfit for additional use, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licensed expense.

in pursuance of this act, to bring such covers, wrappers, or labels, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with the wares or other articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the commissioners for managing the lamp duties, or to the head officer appointed by them, and on oath (or solemn affirmation, m case such licensed person shall be one of the people called Quakers), thereof made by such licensed person, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners or head officer so appointed (who are hereby authorised to administer such oath or solemn affirmation, and to examine into all circuinftances relating to the damaging, defacing, or spoiling the same), that such covers, wrappers, or labels, so defaced or spoiled, or rendered unfit for the purpose intended, have not been used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought or returned after the same have been sold or disposed of; and that no money, or other consideration, hath been paid or given for the same, save and except the money first paid for such covers, wrappers, or labels, at the lamp office, or other places appointed by the commissioners for the distribution thereof; then, and in such case the said commissioners are hereby required and directed, after destroying such defaced covers, wrappers, or labels, to deliver to such licensed person other Covers, wrappers, or labels, of the same denomination or value, instead of the covers, wrappers, or labels so damaged, defaced ot spoiled, or rendered unfit for use as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any sum of phoney or other consideration whatsoever.

And he it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That,

Person8 selling articles fub e to duty, in any place not specified bv notice, forfeit 5i.

Articles sold for exportation, not subject to duty.

Account of articles exported to be sent to the commissioners of stamps,

to be filed, and certificates thereof to be granted to the venders, which shall be legal evidence.

Persons convicted of offences again ft this act, forfeit (their licence.

Anno vicesimo sexto geokgh III c.49. [*786.

T, hat, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any person or persons, so licensed as aforesaid, shall vend or expose to sale any wares, or other article or articles subject to the duties by this at imposed, in any other (hop, house, or place, than such as are respectively contained or described in such notice so given or sent to the said commissioners, or to their officers as aforesaid, every such person or persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the film of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed,

XXI And, to encourage the exportation of all such wares, and other articles aforesaid, into foreign parts, be it further provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the sale of any wares or other articles, by any licensed personas aforesaid, 10 any person in Great Britain for the purposes of exportation, where such wares and other articles so sold shall be, bona side and without fraud, exported to foreign parts; and that, in every such case, the person or persons selling the same for exportation da, within three days after the sale thereof, give or send notice, in writing, to the said commissioners, or some person duly appointed by them at the head office of stamps, or at the office of the distributor of stamps next adjacent to the place where he, (he, or they shall respectively reside, of all such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall be so sold for exportation; which notice shall contain the quantities and denominations of all such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, and thd name and names of the person or persons to whom the same are so sold, and the port and place from which the same is to be exported; and all such notices shall be filed by the said commissioners, or their officers, to whom the same are given and sent as aforesaid; and a certificate thereof, containing the like quantities and denominations of the wares or other articles, and also the names, persons and places expressed in such notices respectively, shall, if required, be made out under the hands of the said commissioners, or their officers aforesaid, and delivered gratis to the person or persons by whom such notices respectively were given or sent; and in all prosecutions of offenders for selling or buying any such wares or other articles aforesaid, contrary to the provisions of this act, every such certificate shall be legal evidepce of notice, and of the quantities and denominations of the wares and other articles aforesaid expressed or contained therein.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons, licensed in pursuance of this act, shall be convicted or prosecuted to final judgement by any the ways or means by this act prescribed of or for any offence against this act, whereby any pecuniary penalty or sum of money is incurred or forfeited, the licence granted to the person or persons so convicted or prosecuted to judgement of or for such offence, shall thenceforth be null and void; and so from time to time, upon each and every successive conviction or judgement against: fu^h person or perfops so offending as aforesaid, every new or

fubfetjueqt

53/

17s6.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.49.

subsequent licence granted in pursuance of this act shall, in like manner, thenceforth be null and voids and that it shall not be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of their officers respectively, after such conviction or judgement, to grant any new licence pursuant to this act, to any person or persons so convicted or prdfecuted to judgement, unless such person or persons shall, at the time when such new licence is granted, give security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one or more sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said commissioners, or the officer or officers by them appointed for that purpose, in the following sums respectively, and on the following condition; that is to say, If such person or persons respectively shall have been so convicted or prosecuted to judgement for a first offence against this act, then such bond to be entered into on the renew What ecu al of any licence vacated thereupon, shall be in the penal sum of rities are to one hundred pounds sterling money of Great Britain; and if renewa^of1 such person or persons shall have been so convicted or profecutedforfeited to judgement for a second or other subsequent offence against licences, this act, then such bond shall be in double the penal sum contained in the lafb preceding bond, entered into by such person or persons so offending as aforesaid; and that the condition of such bonds respectively shall be, that if such person or persons shall thenceforth well and truly conform to and observe all the regulations and provisions of this act, so far as he, (he, or they shall be concerned therein, then such bonds shall be void, otherwise to be and remain in full force; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, and any officer or officers by them appointed for that purpose, are hereby authorised to take the said bond or bonds; and in case the person or persons entering, into such bond, and to whom such licence fnall have been granted, shall, at any time during the continuance of such licence, qr any future licence, have acted contrary to the regulations and provisions of this act, and to the form and effect of the said condition, then and in such case the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause every such bond to be prosecuted with efsect; and which prosecution shall and may be carried on against the principal obliger, his, her, or their surety or sureties, or his, her, or their executors or administrators respectively, as the said commissioners shall think proper,

XXIII And) in order to obviate any doubts which may arise in the conjlruttion of this act, for want af a particular fpecifcation, denomination, and enumeration of the different wares, or other articles *

aforesaid, which are charged with, or subject to the rates or duties by this act imposed, or to which the fame/hall extend; be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, the rates Duties taex r and duties hereby imposed on powders, pastes, balls, balsams, tend to all ointments, oils, waters, washes, tindures, essences, liquors, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, commonly calied, schedule an known, or distinguished, by the name of Sweet Scents, Odours or cexed. Perfumes, or by the name of Cofmettcks, used, or to be used, by any person or persons as sweet scents, odours perfumes, or cof

metieks*

s38

Persons counterfeiting ltamp$, or using them, guilty of

stony.

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii IIL C 49. [1786.

foeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Gwat Britain and also upon dentifrice powders, tinftures, and other preparation or composition whatsoever, for the teeth or gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain; and also upon rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces, packets, boxes, or other enclosures of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, hair powder, or other preparation or com po sit ion fof the hair, which shall also be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale in Great Britain; and upon persons uttering, vending, or exposing to sale the same; and all the powers, provisoes, articles, clauses, diftributiorts of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by this a eft, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties, shall particularly extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said rates and duties all and every the wares and other article and articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, by the respective names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other name or names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be calied, known, or dirtinguished; and also all other powders, pastes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, waters, washes, tinftures, essences, liquors, and other preparation or composition aforesaid, called Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cofmeticks, as aforesaid j and all dentifrice powders, tinftures, and other preparation or composition aforesaid for the teeth or gums; and all rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces, packets, pots, boxes, or other enclosures of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, hair powder, or other preparation or composition aforesaid for the hair, not therein particularly enumerated or specified, having the same or the like properties, qualities, virtues and efficacies, and used for the same or the like purposes with those wares or other articles so enumerated or specified therein, as fully and effectually as if the several wares and other articles aforesaid, in and by this act above described, and the several articles in the said schedule named, enumerated or specified, were particularly named, enumerated, or specified, in the body of this act.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid - if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted; or shall counterfeit or refembk the impression of the same, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper,, directed to be marked or damped with any mark or fiamp provided and used in pursuance of this act, wirh a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs

or

1786, ] Anno vicesimo fetfto Georgii III. C 49. 539

or successors, of any of the said duties, then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat Former pow

ters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or

acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties oh vellum, parch extended to

menr, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation this act.

to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied

and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing

the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to

the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually,

to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively

been hereby enacted with relation to the said new

rates and duties hereby imposed.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided How penalties and distributed (if sued for within the space of six calendar arc to.be JP* months from the time of any such penalty being incurred), in propnal€d» manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after mentioned, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all pecuniary penalties imposed on any person or perfdns and how to be for offences committed against this act, shall and may be sued recovered, for nd recovered, with full costs of suit, in any of his majesty's courts at Wejlminjier, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin* protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed

XXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such division or distribution of the pe No informer nalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and reftrid entitled to hied to the prosecuting for the same within the time herein before na*tfe°wbo for that purpose limited; and that in default of such profecu (joe not pro rion within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall fecute in time have, or be entitled to any part or share of such penalties, but limited, that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; anything

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the

authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Justices may any juftke of the peace residing near the place where the offence determine shall be committed, to.hear and determine any offence against ^e^pecu this wtiteh the offender 'to any pecuniary penalty; niary penal

which ties.

Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions.

witneltcs neglecting to attend, forfeit 40 Ihillirtgs.

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 49. £1786.

which said. justice of the peace is hereby authorised arid required, upon any such information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within six calendar months after iuch offence shall have been committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of, and upon oue proof made thereof, either by the voluntary oath of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath he is hereby empowered to administer), to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed; all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged, shall be divided and distributed, one moiety therebf to the informer or informers who shall profecutefor the same, and the other moiety (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduded), shall be paid to the use of his Majestyi his heirs and successors, in the manner herein before directed, and to award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he, she, or they shall and may, upon giving security, to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding shire, ftetfartry, or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before fugh justice or justices of the peace touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as Is herein before directed as to other penalties.

XXXI Andin order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appeals,

be

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 49, 54.1

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That. th justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convidu ed as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the like efsect, mutatis mutandis; which conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without stating the case, or the facts or evidence in any more particular manner; (that is to say),

BE it remembered, That on the day of °fcon*

‘ in the year of our Lord in the county of vl^lon*

A, B .of was convilied before me

C D. one of his Majeffs justices of the peace for the said county, residing near to the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on the day of now

last paji did, [here state the offence against the ad contrary to the form of the statute in that case made and provided: and I do declare and adjudge, That he, the said A. B. hath forfeited the sum of of law money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid; which sum of 1 do hereby mitigate to the

‘ sum of [here state the mitigated penalty if necefr

fary] to be difributed as the law dir else.

Given under my hand andfealy the day of

XXXII Provided nevertheless, That it shall and maybe Penalties may lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to he mitigated mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges 5 anything noconvi&ioft contained in this actor any other act of parliament, to the con ftal1 here ""notwithstanding; and that no such conviction shall be re {^orari. y € * moved by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several duties herein before granted, shall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the Paid to the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and nertlyor^" ‘ paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the stamp, and several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges by him paid of railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being dedudt jl?t0 the ex ed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such C equer* manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the of Auditor to fice of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided keepafepa and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising of^^mon^es from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said re which shall be ceipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all carried to the other moneys, paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc finkingfund. V .eeffors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, so

Vot. xitxv. Oo paid

54*

His majesty's shares of penalties to be paid to the said receiver, and paid by himinto the exchequer annually on Aug. i;

and applied; other penalties.

General issue

Treble colls.

Anno viitfefimo sexto Georgii III 49^ [ *786.

paid iato.the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the fund Commonly called The Sinking Funi% and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is, or by law may be applicable unto.

XXXIV And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty flx, all such penalties or forfeitures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, as shall be due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the said receiver-general (or some other person to be authorised by the said commiflfoners for the time being, or the major part of them, to receive the same), who shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary charges of paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, on the first day of Augustin every year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the first day following not being a holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said penalties or forfeitures, or shares of penalties or forfeitures paid into the said receipt, shall be entered in such manner as shall or may be directed by any act or acts of parliament of this present session; and the said moneys, foto be paid into the said receipt of exchequer

! as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such manner and to such purposes as other penalties or forfeitures due or payable to his Majesty have heretofore been used to be, or directed to be paid or applied, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of ariy clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall

. and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE

tyti6.] Anno vicesimo sexto gfiorgh III C

SCHEDULE FI RST To which this ACT refers:

Containing the names by which many sweet scents, odours perfumes, and cofmeticks, and other wares and articles of merchandise now in use, subject: to the duties by this act imposed, are known or distinguished j that is to say,

Almonds, Powder of Paste Soap

Wash Balls Amber, Essence of Soap

Wash Balls Balsam for the Hair Bears' Grease Bergamotte, so called Essence of Pomatums Wash Ball Water Bouquet, so called Essence of Powder Water Pomatums Camphire Wash Balls Cedar, Essence of Citron, Essence of Civet, so called Civet, Essence of Powder Cypress, so called Essence of Water *

Sweet Cypress Powder Cyprian Odoriferous Powder Cithere Water Cream, Cold, for the Face

Beautifying, for Ditto White Cream Wash Balls Marble Ditto Dentifrice, so called

spence's Ditto rufpini's Ditto Pearl Ditto Myrrh Ditto

Dentifrice, Vegetable Ditto Dew, Olympian Naples Filberts, Oil of Flowers, Essence of Hair Powder, so called Honey Water Honeysuckles, Essence of Pomatums Hyacinth, Essence of Jessamine, Essence of Milk of Oil of Powder of Pomatums Syrup of Water Jonquil, Essence of Water of Pomatums Lavender, Distilled Water Ditto from the Flowers Essence of Volatile Ditto Lavender, Powder of Pomatums Wash Balls Lemon, Essence of Lilies, Carnation of Milk of Powder of Wash Balls Lime, Essence of Marechalle, so called Powder of Duchesse French Pomatums Water Mignionette, Essence of Millefleurs, Essence of

Millefieun*

Qo z

G( ogle

ASM vicesimo &p9r<*n HI, €.4$. fi

Millefleurs, Powder of'

Pomatums

Water

Mulk, Essence of Powder of Myrrh, Essence of Myrtle, Essence of Oeillet, so called Essence of Pomatums Powder Orange, Essence of Powder of Butter Pomatum Orange Flower, Essence of Powder of Pomatum

Paints, Rouge Blanche

Vegetable Rouge Serviette Rouge Peach Kernels, Powder of

Royal tincture of Peach Bloflbms, Powder of Pearl, Essence of Powder of.

Powder of Pear! of India Water Paste, Chinese

Spermaceti!

Pomatums, Duchesse French Flora Italian Common, hard and soft Scented. Pomade de Nerole Pomade de Grade Royal Pomatum for the Face Sweet Storax Pomatum Powders, A la Reine Aromatic Artois Bloom Devonshire Black

Browa

Powders, Grey Orris Orleans

Pink Red,

Yellow Scented for the Face Chinese Face Powder Royal Powder sangwine's Powder for the Teeth Shaving Powder Pulville, so called Rhodium, so called Essence of Roses, Essence of Cream of

Vegetable Cream of Milk of Roses, Odour of

. Liquid Bloom of Powder of

Pomatums 1

Savon, Royal Savonette, de Grasse Soap, Alicant Bath Cake Improved Jerusalem Joppa Italian Naples Perfumed Venice Sweet Briar, Essence of Powder of Tihflures, for the Teeth

greenough's ditto rufpini's ditto Thyme, Essence of Tuberose, Essence of Pomatum Water Violet, Essence of Powder of Fargeon's Powder of Pomatums Water Wash Balls, Grcaflian

Wall Balls,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto geoupii III C 50.'

Wslh Balls, Chemical Italian Marble

queen's Marble Royal Cyprian Washes, Venetian Bloom Turkish Waters, Perfumed Carmes

Waters, Cologne

Italian Hair Water Mifsin her Teens Suave

Sans Pareille V ento's Italian W ater Wool, China India Spanish

54$

SCHEDULE SECOND

To which this ACT refers:

Containing the names of certain wares and other articles liable to the duties by this as imposed, and which are allowed to be kept for sale in bulk, or other wise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof, if such cover, wrapper, or label shall, at the time of such sale, be bona side and without fraud affixed thereto in pursuance of this al

Almond Paste

Powder Bears' Grease Cold Cream Italian square hard Soap Naples lost Soap

Perfumed and coloured Hair Powder, above the price of two Shillings per pound weight Rouge in pots Wash Balls of all sorts.

CAP. L

An act for the encouragement of the southern whale fifbery

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage, by new and additional preamble.

premiums, the fishery carried on by his Majesty's European subjects in the seas to the southward of the Greenland sees and davis's Straights, for the purpose of taking whales and other creatures found in those seas: and whereas it is of importance that immediate effect Should be given to such new and additional premiums, for which reason it is necessary to repeal the laws by which the present premiums are granted be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so much of an at, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the encou partofxjgeo. ragement of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, 3» c.315 and the British dominions in Europe \ and for securing the return of the fijhermen, sailors, and others, employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fishing season, as relates to the whale fishery carried on to the southward of the Greenland seas and fiaiiijs Straights: and «lfo so much of another apaffed in the yj -_* o03 fifteenth

Premiums granted for ten years to twenty ships fitted out for the whale fifhefy from (Great Britain or Ireland.

546 Anno vicefim^ (exto Georgii III C 50. [ 1786,

wd x6 Geo. sixteenth yefcr or the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An pealed rc" fo? the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on from Great Britain, and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for regulating the fees to he taken by the officers of the customs in the iflandof Newfoundland, as relates to the said whale N fishery, shall be, and are hereby, repealed, except so far as regards

ships or vessels, which may have been fitted and cleared out for the purpose of carrying on such fishery before the fit ft day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, under the encouragements given by the said acts.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed for ten years to twenty ships or vessels employed in the said fishery, under the limitations and restrictions hereinafter expressed; that is to say. Every such ship or vessel shall appear by her register to be British built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Jersey Guernsey or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing in any of the dominions aforesaid, and navigated as hereinafter directed,

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Particulars of That for fifteen of such ships or vessels which shall be so fitted ifteenuftip8 anc cleared ut after the first day of May, and before the first first fitted out, ay ot September > in the present year one thousand seven h uncle. dred and eighty six, and between the first day of May and the

first day of September in each succeeding year, and shall have failed to, the southward of the seventh degree of north latitude, and shall there have bona side carried on the said fishery, and shall return before the first day of July, in the year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some port of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive; within the times herein before mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in each of such ships or vessels, and being the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, taken and killed by the crews of every such ship or vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid;; there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid and there shall be paid and al

1786.] Annt) vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.50. 547

lowed two hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living ir. the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels which shall in like, manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale, or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That Particulars of for five other of such ships or vessels, which shall be fitted and premiums for cleared out, and shall sail within the times herein before men [aft fitted ou(. tinned, and proceed to the southward of the thirty sixth degree of south latitude, and shall there .bona side carry on the said fishery, and shall return in not less than eighteen months, and not more than twenty-eight months, from the first day of Mays in the year in which they clear out, to some port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed seven hundred pounds to the first of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel; and there shall be paid and allowed six hundred pounds to the second of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to the third of such ships or vessels which (hairfo sail and first arrive, within the .times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid;; there shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to the fourth of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not less ip the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to the fifth of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter

o04 taken

The matter and three

fourths of the crew mutt bebritilh lub je&s, or foreign protestants intending to efta t>lifh them felvesin Great Britain.

No premium shall be paid, unless there is on board an apprentice for three years, for every 50 tonnes burden 2

Nor unless a log book

utt> vkiefitao fetto gborgii HI. C 50. [ 1786.

taken together, arid being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid.

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That every such ship or vessel shall be navigated by persons, of whom the master and at least three fourths of the mariners are his Majesty's subjects usually redding in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernfiy, Jersey, or Man , or if such ship or vessel shall clear out from any port of Great Britain, then that such ship or vessel may be navigated by persons being protestants, and who, not being subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said fishery, and who shall, at the time of clearing out of every ship or vessel on board of which they shall serve respectively, make oath, or, being a quaker, shall make affirmation, before two or more of the principal officers of the customs, of which the collector is to be one, at the port where such ship or vessel shall so clear out, (which oath or affirmation they are hereby authorised and required to administer), if it is their first voyage from any port of Great Britain that they have already establi(hed, or that it is their intention to establish themselves and their families in Great Britain, as inhabitants thereof, and subjects of his Majesty; and if it shall be their second, or any fubfequerit voyage, that they actually have established themselves and their families in Great Britain as aforesaid.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no premium granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, for or on account of any ship or vessel employed in the aforesaid fishery, unless such ship or vessel shall have on board an apprentice indentured for the space of three years, at the lead, for every fifty tonnes burden of such (hiporveflel by admeasurement, every such apprentice not exceeding the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen years, at the time he shall be (b indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the whole of the voyage both out and home for which any such premium shall be claimed, unless such apprentice died or deserted in the course of the voyage; which facts shall and are hereby required to be verified by the oath of (he master, the mate, and two of the mariners belonging to such ship or vessel, taken before two or more of the principal officers of the customs, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery, (of which the colleger is to be one), which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer $ in confirmation a!fo thereof, the proper officers of the customs belonging to the port to which such ships or vessels shall refpedhvely return, shall, immediately after their return from such voyage respectively, visit every' such ship or vessel, and muster the crew, and having satisfied themselves therein, shall certify the same to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid4. That no premium granted by this act shall be paid or alb wed

'* pf

Atmo vicesimo fkxta geosoii III C 50* 549

to any person or persons whatever, on account of any ship or shall have vessel employed in the said fishery, unless a log book shall have been regularly been regularly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log book deli

the various situations and occurrences, respecting such ship or vered to the vessel, during the whole course of the voyage', shall be inserted collector ot every day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall the customs have been in sight of land, diftinguilhingwhat land, and the bear oa

ings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings; and also the time when and the latitude in which any whale, or other creature living in the sea, shall have been kilied, taken, or caught by the crew of such ship or vessel; which log book, foto be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such ship or vessel, to the collector of the customs at any port in Great Britain? where such ship or vessel shall arrive, on her. return from the said fishery, for his inspection and examination; and the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or, command of such ship or vessel, together with the mate thereof,

shall jointly and several ly verify on oath the contents of such logbook before such collector, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same '.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That in case any such ship or vessel shall, in the course of her The log book voyage, meet or fall in with any of his majesty's ships or vessels t be produc f war, the master, or other person having or taking the charge tn of or command of her, shall and is hereby required to produce to of war the captain, or other officer commanding such ship or vessel of that may be war, the said log book, foto be kept as aforesaid; and such cap met at sea, tain or commanding officer shall, and is hereby required to ^ke^th ri make a memorandum in such log book of the day on which it ^memoran 1* was so produced to him, and shall subscribe his name to such dum of the memorandum, and shall also make an entry in the log book of produaion; the said ship or vessel of war, of the name and description of *nto lhf the ship or vessel on board of which the log book of such ship atnany or vessel, so produced to and signed by him, was kept; and in port, for the case such ship or veflei, on board of which a log book is re likepurpofe. quired to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign port, where there is or shall be a British consul, or other chief bri tijb officer, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall and is hereby required to produce such log book to such British consul, or other chief British officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum therein of the day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like manner, subscribe the same,

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the master, mare and two of the mariners belonging to Oath to be every such ship or vessel, shall and are hereby required, upon the macje that the importation into Great Britain of any oil or head matter as be ^oduce of ing taken on the fishery aforesaid, to declare upon oath, before creatures kil two or more of the principal officers of the customs at the ports led by the ?. > of ship's crew.

Verfons taking part of the Cargo of other vessels for the purpose of ob

55° Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 50. [1786.

of their arrival refpe£tive!y, of which the collector shall be one (which oath they arc hereby autfeorifed arid required toadmi nifter,) from what port and the time when, such ship or vessel cleared out, and that all such oil or head matter, so imported, is the produce of one or more whale or whales, or otiier creatures living in the sea, aciually and bona side taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel only, at the times, and in the latitudes respectively mentioned and set down in the log book foto be kept as aforesaid.

X And be it further efta<eted by the authority aforesaid That in case the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel whatever, fitted out as aforesaid, for the purpose of obtaining some one or other of the premiums, granted by this at, shall knowingly receive or permit, or suffer to be received on board such ttiip or vessel, for the pur tainingapre pose of obtaining any one of the said premiums, any oil, head «odmone Clt mater or any other produce whatever of any whale or whales, moiety to the or other fish or creatures living in the sea, which whale or informer, if * whales, or other creatures living in the sea, shall not have been information really and bona side caught and taken by the crew of such ship monttfafte/ or vc only, such matter or other person having or taking the report at the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum customhouse. of five hundred pounds; one moiety of which sum shall on recovery thereof, be paid to the person or persons discovering the same, provided such person or persons shall give information of the offence within one month after such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall have reported his lhip or vessel at the customhouse at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery; which mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, is hereby required to make such report in the usual time, and in the manner in which all trading ships or vessels are reported before the proper officers of the customs; and the owner or owners of such ship or veffekhall, and is and are hereby authorised and required, in case, at the time such information shall be given, any sum or anylftim9^ue sums of money shall be due from him or them to such matter, to matter to or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, to keep and detain such sum or sums of money, and to pay the same (towards discharging the said penalty) to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at such port to which such ship or vessel shall so return from such fishery; and if such owner or owners shall pay any sum or sums of money to, or shall otherwise account for, such sum or sums of money with any matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, before the expiration of one month after the report shall have been so made at the cuttom house as aforesaid, and such matter or other person shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid, such owner or owners shall make good such sum or sums of money so paid, or otherwise accounted for, and shall pay the same towards

discharging

When information has been given, owners to pay

the collectors of the customs; and if paid otherwise, shall be accountable for theiarae.

/

1786.] Anno yidefimo sexto Georgii III C 50. 551

discharging the aforefard penalty into the hands of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, in manner before directed.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any whale or whales, or other creatures living in Produce of the sea, shall be caught or taken in any part of the ocean, to whales caught the northward of the seventh degree of north latitude, by t^iinr?arilcular crew of any of the fifteen ships or vessels, to which premiunsf^j voyageto are given in manner before mentioned, or to the northward of be deemed the thirty sixth degree of south latitude, by the crew of arfy of part of the the five ships or vessels, to which other premiums are also given, cn'"

in manner before mentioned, either on the voyage out or re turn home of any such ship or vessel, the oil or head matter F produced from such whale or whales, or other creatures so caught or taken, shall be accounted, and considered and taken to be part of the quantity of oil and head matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to entitle the owner or owners of such ship or vessel to some one of the premiums herein before granted; provided it shall appear by the log book of such ship or vessel, so kept as aforesaid, that such ship or vessel hath actually sailed beyond, and been bona side employed in the fishery, either to the southward of the seventh degree of north latitude, or to the southward of thirty-six degrees of south latitude, as the case may be.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any ship or vessel shall have been fitted out on the Ships fitted aforesaid fishery, under the rules and restrictions contained in ou uj^eji the before recited adfcs, made and passed in the fifteenth and 1 ^gto sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall 3f which ail * have fet sail upon a voyage for such fishery, after the first day of ed between January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and be Jan. 1, and fore the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ^tftled^o # eighty six, and shall in all respects conform to the several and premiums, respective rules, regulations, and restrictions in and by the said recited acts directed and required, the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel shall be allowed and entitled to such one or other of the aforesaid premiums, granted by this at to the fifteen ships or vessels herein before mentioned, as such owner or owners would be entitled to if such ship or vessel had been fitted out, and had failed after the said first: day of May, and before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, in conformity to the regulations of this acct; and every such ship or vessel shall be accounted as one in the number of the ships or vessels to which the fifteen premiums hereinbefore mentioned are granted.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case all and every the several rules, regulations, and commiflicm restrictions, prescribed and directed by this at, shall have been ers of the cuf observed and fully complied with, it shall and may be lawful om may or for the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or of the pte** any four QX fliofe of them, and tfip contqfiffioners of his Ma miume.

jesty's

ted t6 soil to the east of Good Hope, s.

reftri£y>n$in their course.

Afino vkefimp sexto Georgii III C 50. [1786.

jefly's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, so ord^r the receiver-general of his majesty's customs n England and Scotland respectively, to pay out of any money in his hands, arising by any duties under their management, to such person or persons as shall be legally entitled thereto, any of the premiums hereinbefore granted.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

at lt anc may fr any ddp or veffeij employa

** <' L ed in carrying on the said fouthera whale fishery, to sail and pass for that purpose to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, and to the westward of Cape Horn, or through the Straights of Magellan \ any law, usage, or custom to the contrary not with *

XV Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any ship or vessel sailing to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, for the purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the northward of thirty degrees of south latitude, nor make more than fifteen degrees of east longitude from the said Cape of Good Hope; and that any ship or vessel so sailing or passing to the westward of Cape Horrid or through the Straights of Magellan, for the purpose aforesaid, shall not pass to the northward of the equinoctial line, nor make more than fifty degrees of west longitude from Capt Horn.

XVI Provided also, and be it further enacted. That every ship or vessel employed in the said fishery, and intending to sail or pass to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the westward oi Cape Horny or through the Straights of Magellan, hall before (he thall proceed on her voyage, be obliged to take a licence for each respective voyage, from the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the time being, in the name and under the leal of the said company, specifying which of the said voyages such ship shall be licensed to perform, and such licence shall be va

Conditions on lid and effectual only for the voyage therein expressed; and the which such H said court of directors shall not be required to grant any licence

tt^ranted L to pasto ^ eastward f the Cape of Good Hope, to more than egran t. ten Qxips or vessels in any one year or season, nor to grant any licence to any ship or vessel to sail or pass to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the person or persons applying for, or demanding such licence, shall deliver to the said court of directors a manifest or certificate under the hand of the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs belonging to the port or place from whence such ship or vessel is intended to clear out and sail, verified by the oath of the owner or owners, or the master of such ship or vessel, taken before and attested by any magistrate, or other person authorised by law to take affidavits, specifying the names and places of abode of the owner or owners, and master of the said ship, and also the fpe*

1 ties, quantity, quality, and value of all goods then on board of

such ship or vessel, and of all goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of thef same, before her de

parturo

Ships sailing to the East of Good Hope, C to take a licence from the India company.

I] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 50:

parture outwards; and also unless it shall, by such manifest or certificate, appear unto the said court of directors, that no goods or merchandizes whatever (save and except the {lores of such ship or vessel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necessary for the purpose of the voyage) are taken, or intended to be taken into or on board of such ship or vessel.

XVII And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel Ships sailing to be employed in the said southern whale fishery, to the eafl> out of their ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or the westward of Cape Horn, jl^^^proper" shall proceed or go beyond the limits herein before specified or merchandise expressed, unless driven or forced beyond the same by stress of on board, weather, or other inevitable accident, or being so driven or liable to the forced, hall not return back within the limits herein before {^dh^^the prescribed, with as much convenient speed as the safety of the eafmndies hip or other circumstances will admit; or if any hip or vessel without LI shall depart from any port or place without having first obtain cence.

ed such licence as aforesaid, and hall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or beyond the Streigbts of Magellan, or in any other place within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade; or if any ship or vessel, being so licensed to proceed to the fiftier.y beyond the Cape of Good Hope, hall have on board, or shall take on board before her return, any manu fadlures, goods, or merchandise, other than and except such as shall have been specified and described in and by such manifest or certificate, and other than and except the oil, head matter, or bone of whales, or other fish or creatures caught or taken in carrying on the said fiihery; every such ship or vessel, and the goods, merchandizes, and effects on board the same, and the owner and owners, master and crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be subject so the several provisions, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, by any actor acts, made or imposed upon any person or persons, or their hips, vessels, goods, merchandizes, and effedis, who shall repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or traffic, trade, or be found in the East Indies, or other place or places within the limits of the said united company's exclusive trade, without licence having been first obtained from the said company; and the offenders hall and may be sued and prosecuted, and the penalties and forfeitures incurred hall and may be recovered in any court of justice in Great Britain, or in the East Indies wherein suits may be instituted and brought for offences committed against the said acts, or any of them.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That within thirty days next after the return of any ship or Certificates to vessel from a fishing voyage from the eastward of the Cape ofbe delivered Good Hopei the master of such ship or vessel shall deliver, or tary of that cause to be delivered, to the secretary of the said united com east-india pany, for the use of the said court of diredlors, a certificate un company, der the haqd of the collector or comptroller, or other chief of hat uo pro ficer of the customs belonging to the port or place where the p^indie^ said hip or vessel shall arrive, verified by the oath of the find has been iat*

piafter.

554 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 56. [1786*

ported, to en matter taken before and attested by any magistrate or other title toapre person authorised bylaw to take affidavits, that no goods, or mmm. merchandizes whatever of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any place or places in the Eajt Indies, China, or elsewhere between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straights of Magellan, except'oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fisti, have been taken On board such ship or vessel during the said voyage; but in case any such goods and merchandizes shall have been taken on board the said ship or vessel during the said voyage, then the said certificate shall specify the species, quantity, quality, and value of all such goods and merchandizes, and the cause or reason of taking the same on board; and the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall not be entitled to any bounty * under the authority of this act, until such certificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered to the said secretary, and such delivery shall have been proved by a production of his receipt for the same.

XIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore

Ships sailing said, That every ship or vessel intending to navigate within, or within the H frequent any part of the seas comprised in the boundaries of South Sea exclusive trade of the South Sea company, as described in

company, and by an act: of the ninth of her late majesty Queen Anne, must have LI shall, before (he shall proceed on every such voyage, be obliged ccnce from to take a licence for such voyage from the governor and come

company. pany of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seasr and other parts of America and for encouraging thefishery; and every vessel navigating such seas, without such licence, shall be liable to such forfeitures and penalties as are created and enacted by the said act; anything in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No ship en That no ship or vessel whatever shall be entitled, within or titled to more during the periods of time respectively limited by this act for than one pre such ship 0r vessel to sail on and to return from such voyage, to femefealbn. more tian one the premiums hereby granted, although such

ship or vessel shall make two voyages within any one of the periods aforesaid.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

If water be That upon the return of every ship or vessel from the fisheries

mixed with aforesaid, in which ship or vessel any oil or head matter shall be

inf orted it ^mporte^5 and on account of which importation any of the pre ftah°be for nriums herein before granted shall be claimed or demanded, in feited, as well case there shall be any reason to suspect that such oil or head as the claim matter is mixed with water, or any other material or materials, to premium, jn orcjer to increase the quantity thereof, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the collector, or other principal officer or officers of the customs, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall so return, to nominate, and appoint, and such collector, or other principal officer or officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint one or more (as the case may require) (kilful person or persons to examine such oil or head matter, for

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.50* $55

the purpose of ascertaining whether such oil or head matter has been mixed with any water, or any other material or materials whatever (other than oil or head matter so taken as aforesaid), whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased;; if it shall appear, upon such examination, that there has been mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other material whatever, whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased, the owner or owners shall not be entitled to any of the premiums granted by this act; and over and above the loss of the premium, such oil or head matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs; and if any dispute shall arise whether there hath been In case of mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other dispute, the material or materials whatever, not being oil or head matter so ov7nertj£ ^ taken as aforesaid, whereby the quantity of such oil or head ruyvof the^u matter is increased, then, and in such case, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of such oil or head matter, or on the person or persons claiming the premium on account of the importation of such oil or head matter, and not on the officer who shall seize or prosecute the same.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid /

before any of the premiums granted by this act shall be Quantity unpaid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, the exact ported to be quantity of oil and head matter taken together, imported in officer such ship or vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper offi of the cuf cer or officers of the customs, and such quantity shall be certi i toms, C be fied by them to the commissioners of the customs in England fosse Pre" and Scotland respectively. Mid ***

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p

That all oil, head matter, or other produce of fish or creatures Oil, See. may living in the seas, caught and taken in the manner and under the regulations and restrictions required by this act, as also all, pf

sins of whales, and skins of seals, so caught and taken, and that all oil, head matter, or other produce of whales, or other creatures living in the seas, sins of whales, and skins of seals, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey,

Jersey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects, usually redding therein respectively, and navigated in manner aforesaid, shall, upon importation into Great Britain, be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any custom or duty whatever.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Foreigners That if any person or persons who, not being subjects of his felled m Majesty, ‘have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said ^hcff^1a^htal^, fishery, and who shall have established themselves and their fa have carried milies in Great Britain, for the purpose of carrying on the said on the fishery fishery, in manner before mentioned, and who shall so have 5 years, natu carried on the said fishery, and imported the produce thereof the into Great Britain, for and during the space of five years fuc oath

ceffively \ giance.

5*55*' Anno vkelimo lesrto Georgii III. C 50. £1786.

ceffivcly; all which fads shall be ascertained by a certificate or certificates from the proper officer or officers of his majesty?s customs; shall, upon taking the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Edinburgh, or at the general or quarter sessions of the peace where he or they reside, be coniidered, deemed, and taken to be his majesty's natural born subject or subjects, and be entitled to all the privileges and advantages of his majesty's natural born subjects 3 which oath so taken as aforesaid shall be enrolled by the court wherein the same shall be taken, and the record of such enrolment or a copy thereof, properly authenticated, shall be admitted and taken in all cases as evidence of the, on the part of such person or persons as aforesaid.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No harpooner That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, belonging to pressed any ship or vessel, fitted out on the aforesaid fishery, Shall be p * impressed from the said service, but shall be, and is hereby privileged and exempt from being impressed, so long as he shall belong to, and be employed on board any ship or vessel whatever in the fishery aforesaid. rt,. XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Skips belong That if any person or persons, being protestants, and not being ingttcftf0teign fakje<^s f his Majesty, who have been heretofore employed in whomay** carrying on the whale fishery, and being the owner or owners come to re of any ship or vessel, and intending to refider, together with side in Great their families, in this kingdom, for the purpose of continuing Britain, C to carry on such fishery from thence, shall, on or before the twenty.fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, come into this kingdom, together with his or their family or families, and shall bring any ship or vessel, ships or vessels, built before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to Great Britain, the number of such ships or vessels, not exceeding forty in the whole manned with any number of seamen or fishermen not less than twelve, having been heretofore employed in carrying on the said fishery in every such ship or vessel, and it shall be made appear to the fa tisfa&ion of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, by the oaths (or affirmations if quakers) of such owners respectively, (which oaths or affirmations the said commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer), and by other means that he or they, together with his or their family or families, (if any they shall have), are then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such seamen or fiftiermen at the lead are brought intp Great Britain in every such ship or vessel, and the same shall be certified, by the said commissioners in England and Scotland respectively, to his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Mat * jesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council if he shall see just cause foto do, to grant to the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, ships or vessels,

before June *5>1787*to be licenfed^ but not entitled to premiums.

I; &6. j Ariho vicesimo sexto gfiorgii 111.' C £0, $0

not exceeding in the whole forty in number, a licence or Jicences to fit out any fitch ship or vessel for the foie purpose of carrying on the said whale fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such ship or vessel in carrying on the same; and every such ship or vessel shall, from and after the granting of such licence as aforesaid, during the continuance of such licence, enjoy all the privileges, and advantages which now by law belong, or may at any time hereafter belong, to any British ship or vessel employed in the said fishery (except the premiums herein before granted); and shall be allowed to import oil, and all other produce of the whale fishery, subject to the regulations and provisions hereinbefore contained, and free from all duties or imports; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any such ship or vessel, so licensed as aforesaid, n ce the shall have been employed by such owner or owners as aforesaid, in carrying on the whale fishery from Great Britain, or shall be whose family continued in carrying on such fishery, in case of his or their de had been red cease, during five successive seasons, and it shall be made appear dent 5 years to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty Ycustoms employed the in England and Scotland respectiveljf* by a certificate or certifi jie term in cates, under the hands of the minister and churchwardens of the fishery. the respective parishes in which the owner or owners of every Licence to be such ship or vessel shall have resided, and by other proper f Brftlfti fcip * means, that he or they, or his or their family or families

been resident in such parifties respectively for the space of five years successively, and the same shall be certified by the said commissioners respectively to hi. Majesty; then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council to.authorise such owner or owners to regirter every such ship or vessel as shall have been so brought into this kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the whale fishery from thence for five successive seasons, by virtue of such licence as aforesaid, in like manner as if the same were a British ship, owned by brilijhs\xtyz€xsy and navigated according to law and every such owner or owners shall also, from thenceforth, in respect of every such ship or vessel be entitled to all such bounties as are herein before granted to British ships and vessels employed in carrying on the said fishery; and they, and each of them, shall have and enjoy the rights, privileges and advantages of natural born subje<rts of Great Britain, in like manner, and subject to the like disabilities, as the same may be granted to aliens by special a Sts of parliament.

XXVIII Provided always, That all and every owner or Owner of owners of every such ship or vessel before he or they (hail be thepoatii admitted to regirter any such ship or vessel, shall take and fub of allegiance, feribe the oath of allegiance to his Majesty his heirs and fuc *

ceflors, in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Edwburgh* or at the general or quarter sessions of the peace held in the place where he or they reside; which oath shall Voi,, XXXV Pp be

558 Anno vicesimo sexto gfiorgii HI. C gu [178&

be enrolled fey the court wherein the same shall be taken and subscribed, on payment of the like sum or sums to the officer or officers of such court for entering the same as are or shall be payable by law on the entry of such oath in the courts aforesaid, in any case where the same is by law required,

XXIX And be it further enabled by the authority afore

Perfomgrant. laid. That if any person or persons whatever shall knowingly faue°certifi or grant any false certificate or certificates for any of the

cates, forfeit purposes required or directed by this act, such person or persons 500!. shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered

incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatever: and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate or certificates required by this act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any falle certificate or certificates, or of any certificate or certificates so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and every such certificate or certificates shall be invalid and of no effeftv

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority afore aretobea ^ That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted propriatedf* by this act (except in such cases where other directions are given by this act), shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, where the offence shall be committed.

XXXI And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatever, for anything done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit,

[General issue.]

may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear foto have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants bath or have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or de treble colls# fendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law

CAP. LI

An act for letter securing the duties on Jlarchy and for preventing frauds on the said duties

Preamble. fiereas, notwithstanding the many laws made for ficur

VV ing the duties on Jlarch^ and for protesting the fair trader, many gtofs frauds are fill frequently practised by various persons, to the great loss of the revenue, and the iyury of the fair trader; for

remedy

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.$ti £59

remedy thereof \ be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the From June twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ^?5hn°tlcc eighty six, before any darch shall be put into the dove or any ofathe jn^e.n other place to dry, (except for cruding), all such darch hall be tion to paper put or. wrapped in papers, and shall be tied in manner herein starch for dry ^fter directed;; that when any darch maker shall be desirous ing, and of the of papering darch for drying, he, die, or they, shall give to thequan 1 officer for the duties on darch, of the division or didrift where his, her, or their darch*house is situated, twelve hours notice in writing, if such darch house shall be situated within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or if such darch house shall be situated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, of the particular time and hour when he, (he, or they, intend to begin to paper his, her, or their darch for drying, and hall in such notice express the number of pieces intended to be papered, and into what particular dove or other drying place such pieces are intended to be put to dry; and in c3fe such darch maker shall not begin to paper his, her, or their darch at the time and hour mentioned in such notice. Starch shall bo or within one hour next after, then every such notice hall bebe£un *obe void, and such darch maker (hallbe obliged to give a fresh and j a^hourau like notice in writing before he, (he, or they shall begin to paper ter the time ' his, her, or their darch; and when any such maker or makers expressed in of darch shall begin to paper such darch, he, die, or they shall the notice, proceed and continue to paper the same until all the pieces of darch mentioned in such notice shall be papered.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every maker of darch diall cause every piece of darch, Every paper

when papered, to be tied with drings eroding each Other on that of darch shall

side of the piece where the ends of the paper shall be folded thereon! C

and shall cause to be drongly affixed or pacted, with warm paste stamped'bythe

made with glue, on every piece of darch so papered and tied, a officer, on pc

label, or piece of thin paper, three inches long and three inches nalty l00\*

broad at the lead, of a different colour from the paper in which

the darch shall be wrapped; that is to say. If the darch shall bs

wrapped in blue or brown paper, the said label or piece of thin

paper shall be white; and if the darch shall be wrapped in white

paper, such label or piece of thin paper shall be blue; and such

label or piece of thin paper shall be affixed on that side of the

piece of darch where the ends of the paper shall be folded, and

in such manner as to prevent the opening of the said paper of

(larch without tearing the said label or piece of thin paper; and

the officer of the duties on (larch for the division or didrift

where such darch house shall be situated, shall attend and see

such darch papered and tied in manner aforesaid, and such label

or piece of thin paper affixed on every piece of such darch, and

shall take an account of every piece of such darch; and such

officer shall cause ev^ry piece of darch so papefed as aforesaid to

Every pareel, cof starch found un stamped, to be forfeited, and the owner fined acoh

560 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 51. [1786*

be stamped or sealed upon such label or piece of thin paper aforesaid, with such stamp or seal as shall be provided by the commissioners for the duties on starch in England and Scotland refpe&r ively for that purpose, before any such piece of starch shall be put into the stove to dry; and if any starch maker shall begin to paper his, her, or their starch without giving such notice as aforesaid, or having given such notice, and begun to paper his, her, or their starch as aforesaid, ftiali not proceed and continue to paper such starch in manner aforesaid, or shall not cause the same to be tied in manner aforesaid, and such labels or pieces of thin paper to be affixed thereon, as aforesaid, every starch maker so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any piece or pieces of starch papered, nor being stamped in manner aforesaid, or any piece or pieces of starch not papered, or loose starch, or crap ings of starch, shall be found in any stove or other place for drying belonging to any starch maker, (whether such place (haft be an entered place or not an entered place), all such starch papered and not damped, or not papered, or loose starch, or scrapings of starch, shall be forfeited, and the starch maker, in whose po session such undamped starch, loose starch, or scrapings, shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds : provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to pieces of starch put into the stove for crufting only before the same shall be scraped.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the commissioners for the duties on starch in England and

ciu icaiu uu §c°tiand respectively, shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth ‘ tributvproper day f June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, pro stamps, to be vide proper (lamps or seals for (lamping or sealing the papers, containing all pieces of (larch which shall be made and papered in England and Scotland respectively, and by this act directed to be stamped or sealed, and shall cause such (lamps or seals to be distributed to the respective officers for the purpose before mentioned; which officers are hereby enjoined and required in using the same, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the starch or paper containing the same to be so stamped or sealed, which (lamps or seals shall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered as often as the said respective commissioners shall think fit to alter the same.

V And, for the better preventing or discovering any frauds that may be attempted by J, hipping starch for exportation, in order to obtain a drawback of the duties thereupon, and afterwards relanding the same to be consumed in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when any starch maker, or dealer in starch, who shall have paid all his majesty's duties upon any

^ ______ quantity of starch, or shall have bought, or shall be lawfully en

cap774. every titled to any quantity of starch from the person or persons who

actually

Commifiion crs for starch duties to dif

affixed without doing damage to the starch.

After notice given agreeable to act 15 Geo. 3.

1785.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III CT. 56r

actually paid the said duties thereupon, shall intend to export paper of any such fiardi, and shall have given such notice of packing up torch for the same, in order to be exported, to the officer appointed for tohtvea°pro that purpose, as is required by an act, passed in the last session of per label put parliament, entitled, An act for repealing the dutyimpofed on tea by thereon by the an act paffied in the last session of parliament, and for granting other officer. duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the removal of tea; for directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles it shall be lawful for such officer, who shall attend to see the said (larch packed up, and he is hereby required to (lamp or mark every paper of (larch so intended to be packed up, in order to be exported, on the label or piece of thin paper herein before directed to be affixed thereon, with such (lamp or mark, having the word Exportation denoted thereon, as the commissioners for the said duties on (larch in England and Scotland respectively shall provide and direct to be used for that purpose; and the said respective commissioners shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, provide proper stamps or marks, having the word Exportation denoted thereon, and shall cause the same to be distributed to the proper officers respectively for the purposes last aforesaid, which stamps or marks shall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered, as often as the said respective commissioners shall think fit to alter the same.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or counter Persons forfeit any such (lamp or mark, which shall be provided for lamp jng any tomp ing or marking (larch intended to be exported, every person so t0 or ei 100' offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said officer or officers, who shall attend to see such No starch to (larch packed up in order to be exported, (hail not permit to be he. exported packed up, in order to be exported, any piece or pieces of starch, label,

not having thereon the label, or piece of thin paper, stamped as P is herein before directed, entire and unbroken; and all such starch so intended to be exported shall be subject: to all the regulations required by the said act, made in the last session of parlia Ad not to ment, concerning starch intended to be exported; provided that extend to exnothing in this act contained shall extend to starch ground into ^rcffmad^ powder, commonly called Hair Powder, which shall at any time jnt0 ha; r be intended to be exported. powder.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day or June one Starch lamp thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any piece or pieces of ed for expor (larch, stamped with the said (lamp or mark as aforesaid, provided for (lamping or marking starch intended to be exported, fcund'any shall be found upon land, except in the warehouse or place where where but the same shall be packed up before the same (ha W in removing from thence to be put on board the

Pp

'J be shipped, wnere packed ship in which fp'°" eraov' the s f oro

562 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 51. f178^.

thence to be the same is intended to be exported, all and every such piece or ft'pb pieces of starch shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer

of the customs or excise, or for the duties on starch.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Hegulation* That within one hour after the pieces of starch shall have been with regard to papered and stamped by the officer, all the scrapings belonging o^ft^ch^eft to ^uck p*eces of starch shall be weighed and taken account of aftemapering. ky the officer, and shall be put into water in frames, tubs, or * other utensils, and shall not be mixed with any other starch or preparation for making starch then in operation; and the said scrapings shall be immediately dissolved, and (trained through a lieve, and being so (trained, the officer for the duties on starch shall take an account thereof as a green water, and the same shall not be again disturbed or meddled with, until such notice shall be given for boxing the same, as is required by an a made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Second,

4 Geo. a. C entitled. An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise with re. a fpeft to starch, coffee, tea, and chocolate; and another ad, made in

the nineteenth year of his prefenb majesty's reign, entitled. An 19 Geo, 3. act for better securing the duties on starch; and the said scrapings of

C 40' starch, so put into water and dissolved, shall be chargeable, and

shall be charged by the proper officer with all the same duties upon starch as any other starch, and in like manner as any other starch, or materials for making starch, are or ought to be charge ed with.

X And whereas, it being required by this act that scrapings of starch Should be dissolved in water, and converted into green waters it is reasonable that an allowance Should be made for the saidjcrapings% out of the amount of the boxgage or boxgages of which the [aidfcrapings have been a part; be it therefore further enacted by the authority Allowance to aforesaid, That after the scrapings of starch shall be weighed by te made for the officer, and the said scrapings shall be put into water, as by which^re^o5* l'xis ls required, the said officer shall dedud seven tenth parts be weighed by of the weight of such scrapings, from the amount of the box ap officer, and gauge of which such scrapings have been a parr, provided the dissolved and weight of such scrapings do not exceed one fifth part of the in one hour amount of such boxgage or gauges; but if the weight of

afterward, on such scrapings exceed the afjrefaid proportion, yet no greater penalty of deduction shall be made than according to the said proportion 5

fcool, that is to say, No greater deduction shall be made, in any case,

than seven tenth parts of one fifth part of the said amount of the boxgage or gauges; and it shall be lawful for the officer to charge the starch maker with the duties from the amount of the boxgage or boxgages, after such deduction shall have been made therefrom, provided such amount, after such deduction made, shall not be less than the actual weight of the starch, when the same is removed from the (love, or other drying place or places, and weighed: provided also, that no allowance or deduction shall be made in cases where the duties shall be charged according to the gauge taken in the four waters, or in the green waters, together with the (limes, as directed by the said act, made in the

nineteenth

Hostfed by

i?86.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III 0.51. $63

nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, or by this and in case any starch maker shall neglect to put all such scrapings under water, and to stir the same until dissolved, and to strain the same through a sieve, within the space of one hour after the same shall have been weighed and taken account of by he officer, every such starch maker so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and in case any starch maker shall. Scrapings not after such scrapings shall have been dissolved and drained into to be taken any frame, tub, or other utensil, wilfully cause the same to be notllwgivenut disturbed, or the whole, or any part thereof, to be taken away of boxing, nor before notice (hail have been given of boxing the same, such increased in starch maker shall be deemed to have boxed starch without no weight, on tice, and shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, as by the said ast made in the nineteenth year of his majesty's % reign is directed; and in case any starch maker, in order to increase the quantity of scrapings before the same shall be weighed by the officer, shall mix therewith any starch of the same, or any other making, or any flour, meal, or other material whatever, or wilfully cause any water, or other liquid, to be put to such scrapings, or by any means whatever cause the said scrapings to be increased in weight, such starch maker shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XL And whereas it may happen that the paper wherein any piece of starch Shall he contained, after the same has been stamped as aforesaid, may, in thejiove or other drying place, or by taking from thefiove or other drying place, or otherwise by accident, be broken or damaged so as to be unfit for Jale \ it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That when the paper wherein any piece of starch shall Damaged be contained, shall by aoy accident be broken or damaged, and be replaced by the starch maker, to whom the same belongs, shall be desirous the officer. 1 of having the same repapered and restamped, such starch maker shall give to the said officer for the said duties, in the division or district in which his, her, or their starch house shall be situated, twelve hours notice in writing, if such starch house shall be situated within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or if such starch house shall be situated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, that such starch maker desires to have such piece or pieces of starch repapered and restamped; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such officer, being satisfied that such piece or pieces of starch had before been duly damped, and that the paper or papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by accident, as soon as is convenient after the expiration of such twelve hours or twenty-four hours respectively, to reftamp such piece or pieces of starch, the same being repapered and tied, and such label or piece of thin paper as aforesaid being affixed or pasted thereon in manner herein before directed.

XII And, to the end that starch made in Great Britain, and charged with the duties on starch before the commencement of this ad?, may not be improperly seized, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the respective commissioners for the duties

P p 4 or

A

Starch in hand to be stamped, if application be made to the commission crs within three months aftet commencement of this act.

In tfyree months after June »4, i, all unftamped dardh above lb. feteable, and the owner to forfeit 103. per lb.

Not to extend to starch made into hair powder,

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C '[*786.

on starch (hajl, on or before the said twenty fourth day of yaw, pne thousand. seven hundred and eighty six, provide proper stamps or seals for damping or sealing all 'flock of starch in the hands of any. starch maker, ?nd shall at all times, within three months, from the commencement of this at, at the request and desire of any such starch maker, order and direct the proper officer for the said duties to stamp or seal every piece of starch made in Greafr Britain, and charged with the said duties before the commencement of this act, and then remaining in the possession of such ftarph maker, with such mark, impression, stamp, or device as to such respective commissioners shall appear moult proper for that purpose, such pieces of starch being papered and tied with firings, and such label or piece of thin paper being affixed or pasted thereon, in manner herein before directed, by the starch maker who shall desire the same to be so marked or stamped, and oath being made by such starch maker, or his, her, or their chief workman, that all such starch was made in Great Britain before the commencement of this act, and that the duties have been duly charged thereon; which oath the fqrveyor or supervisor of the division or district within which the starch house belonging to such starch maker is situated, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and all starch, so marked and stamped in pursuance of such orders and directions, shall and may be removed, sold, and disposed of, as if the same had been made fiince the commencement of this act, and the directions of this act fully complied with.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end of three months after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, all starch not being stamped as by this act is directed, and all loose starch exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, and all scrapings of starch which shall be found in the possession of any starch maker, or of any other person, for the ipse of such maker or dealer, or that shall be found removing or removed by land or by water, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties, together with the chest, cask, sack, or other package containing the same, and the boat or vessel, horses or other cattle, wagon, cart, or other carriage, made ufeof in removing the same; and the starch maker or deal er in starch, or other person receiving starch to the use of such starch maker or dealer, in whose possession any such unftamped starch, or any iuch loose starch, exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, or such scrapings of starch, shall, after the end of the said three months after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be found, shall forfeit the sum of ten Shillings for every pound weight of such unftamped starch, or of such scrapings, or for every pound weight exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight of such loose starch: provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend tq starch made into hair powder, or to any quantity of starch taken put of the papers in the possession of any hair powder maker or

* in

5^5

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 51.'

in the possession of any blue maker, or to any quantity of (larch taken but of the papers, not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight, in the possession of any dealer in or seller of starch, nor to the returns from the sieves, that may be in the possession of any makers of hair powder,

XIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or coun Persons forg terfeit any (lamp or seal, to resemble any stamp or seal which

thall be provided in pursuance of this ait for stamping or seal f^onyj ing starch made and papered in Great Britain after the commencement of this ait, or the flock of starch in the hands of any starch maker, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon the papers containing starch as aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duties upon starch, then every person so offending, being thereof conviited in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and if any and persons person or persons shall at any time sell any starch with any such forged or counterfeit stamp or seal, or impression thereon, know 0 ei ^°° ing the same to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall knowingly six, or cause to be fixed, any paper, stamped according to this ait, to any piece of (larch, other than that which was originally enclosed in such paper, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XV And whereas, by the afarefaid act, made in the nineteenth

year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the better Recital of a securing the duties on starch, alljlarcb makers are required to give 19 Geo. 3* such notices as in the said at are mentioned, before they begin to empty C 40# or wash out their vats, and before they begin to take off the flitnes or was) from the four waters; but there is not any time limited within which such f arch makers Shall finish the emptying or wajhing out their vats, or the taking off the flimes or wash from the four waters: and whereas there is not any time limited therein for Jhifting the four waters or green waters, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of Vats to be June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every maker emptied in 4$ of (larch, after he shall have begun to empty or wash out his foj^aters vat or vats, agreeably to the notice by the said act required, shall lifted jn X proceed and continue to empty or wash out such vat or vats, hours, after until the whole of such vat or vats shall be emptied or walled beginning put, vyithout leaving off, except for the space of one night; and pe every such starch maker shall finish emptying or washing out naity of such vat or vats, within the space of forty-eight hours, from the time of beginning to empty or wash out the same; and every starch maker, after he shall have begun to take off the (limes or wash from the four waters, agreeably to the notice by the said ail required, shall proceed and continue to shift the said four waters until the whole is finished, and shall finish the (lifting the said four waters within the space of twelve hours from the

time

d by

to remain vndilturbed *4 hours, after (lifting the four haters; of which Shifting a decla«

Baity of 100i for offence in cither particular.

566 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C r. £1786.

time of beginning to take off the said dimes or wash; and every starch maker who shall not finifti the emptying or waftiing out his, her, or their vat or vats, within the space of forty-eight hours from the time of beginning the same, or shall ndt finifti the (hiding the said four waters within the space of twelve hours, from the time of beginning to take off the said (limes or wah, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, er5f«ottfter8 That when any starch maker shall have finiftied the taking off

tjjc fljmes an(j wah from four waters, and the green waters shall be put into the frames, tubs, or other utensils, used for preparing and making the same into starch, the said green waters shall remain unmoved and undisturbed in the same frames, tubs, or other utensils, for the space of twenty-four hours at the lead

w from the time the (lifting of the four waters shall have been

tation is to be finiftied; and the said green waters shall not, during the said made, on pe space of twenty-four hours, be moved or disturbed in the said frames, tubs, or utensils: and that the officers for the duties upon starch may be able to ascertain when the said green waters were so put into the said frames, tubs, or other utensils, aftef the (lifting of the four waters had been finiftied as aforesaid, every maker of starch shall give, or cause to be given, to the officer for the said duties under whose fyrvey filch maker of starch shall then be, a declaration in writing, specifying therein the particular hour or time of the day when such maker of starch did finifti (lifting the four waters; and if any maker of starch shall, after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, neglect to deliver such declaration last aforesaid, or shall move or disturb the green waters during the space of twenty-four hours after the (lifting the four waters shall have been finiftied, agreeably to such declaration last aforesaid, then every such maker of starch shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII And, the better to prevent any frauds by the secreting or concealing of starch, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case any officer or officers for the duties upon starch shall at

________ any time miss any quantity of starch, or materials for making

while making, starch, of which an account had been taken by gauge while the is missed, the same was in the green waters and in the (limes respectively, and before the said starch shall have been put into the boxes, and shall not, upon reasonable demand, receive satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to charge the maker of such starch according to the gauge or gauges taken of the same in the green waters, together with the (limes, and every such maker shall pay the duty so charged

XVIII And whereof by the said act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majeflfs reign, it is enabled, That if any maker of starch fhouldy at any time whilst his farch is in operation and under water, mix, or cause to be mixed, any of the Jlarcb waters of one making with

tbofi

If starch, of which a gauge has been taken

duty on it to be charged according to that gauge.

xy86.] Anne vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL c.51. 567

those of another making, ' every such maker ofjlarch Shall forfeit and Ufa for every such offence one hundred pounds, except such mixing be made in presence of an officer for the duties on (larch: and whereas the mixing the Jlarch waters of one making with those of another making, although in the presence of an officer, is found to be inconvenient in afmueh as the officer is thereby prevented having an exact gauge of the Jlarch during its operation in the frames; to prevent the same for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and The starch after the said twenty-fourth day of June, ones thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any maker of starch shall, whilst his [n^not to e starch is in operation and under water, mix or cause to be mix mixed, on peed any of the starch waters of one making with those of another nalty of rool; making, every such starch maker shall forfeit and lose the fuifi of one hundred pounds: provided nevertheless, that (limes but dimes which shall have been entered on the officers books as dimes, .ma? b<rmixed for the space of twenty-four hours, may be mixed in the pre au officer ° fence of the officer for the duties on starch, and not otherwise.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That when any starch maker shall be desirous of removing his, Starch not to her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the bjf removed stove, every such starch maker shall give to the officer for the said duties of the division or district where his, her, or their out giving starch house is situated, twelve hours notice in writing, if such notice, on pe starch house is situated within the limits of the chief office of naity ofaool excise in London, or if such starch house is situated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing of the particular time and hour when he, (he, or they intend to begin to remove his, her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the stove; and in case such starch maker shall not begin to remove the starch from the stove, at the time and hour mentioned in such notice, or within one hour next after, then every such notice shall be void, and such starch maker shall be obliged to give a frefti and like notice in writing before he, (he, or they shall begin to remove his, her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the stove; and if any starch maker shall begin to remove his, her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the stove, without giving such notice as aforesaid, he, (he, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose two hundred pounds.

XX And whereas by the said afi made in the nineteenth year of

his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the better fecur Recital of aft ing the duties on starch), it is enabled, That no person or persons 19 Geo. 3. C whatsoever, residing within the limits of the head office of excise in 4°*

London, Shall be permitted to make entry of any workhouse or place for the making of Jlarch, as required by the statutes in that case already made and provided, unless such person or persons hail occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds or upwards and for which he, he, or they Shall accordingly be affieffed in their own name, and ball also pay to the parish rates; and that no person or persons njbatsoever residing in any other parts of the kingdom where there are rates to chyreb and poor Shall be permitted to make

my

568 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 5r. [ 1js6.

any such entry, unless such person or persons Shall be ajfeffed and pay to church and poor in the several parishes and places in which they respectively reside: and whereas diverse evil minded and indigent persons have made entries of workbouses, or places for the making of Jiarch^ in places where there are not" rates to church and poor, and such evil minded and indigent persons do frequently commit many gross frauds against the revenue; for remedy thereof, \ be it further. No entry to enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the be allowed (in fajj twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred except topper anc e*8hty six, no person or persons whatever residing in any fonsaffefledto part of the kingdom out of the limits of the head office of ex the duties cife in London, and in any places where there are not rates to

granted by church and poor, shall be permitted to make entry of any

workhouse, or place for the making of starch, unless such person or persons shall be assessed in his, her, or their own name, and pay in the several parishes and places in which such workhouse or place for the making of starch shall be situated, to the rates and duties on houses, windows, and lights, granted by an act made in the sixth year of his present majesty's reign, inti ad 6 Geo. 3. tuled. An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, C 38; and by and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights); and unless such person or persons shall also be assessed in his, her, or their own name, and pay in the several parishes and places in which such workhouse or place for the making df starch shall be situated, to the rates and duties upon inhabited houses, granted by an act made in the nine teenth year of his pre 19 Geo, 3. sent majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for repealing the duties on all C inhabited houses, impojed by an act made in the la ft session of parliament,

and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act \ and also for amending so much of an at, made in the seventeenth year of the reign cf his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained cr employed in the several capacities therein mentioned), or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force; and that no entry of any workhouse or place for making of starch, already made, or to be made, as required by the statutes in that case made and provided, in any place out of the limits of the head office of excise in London, and where there are not rates to chufch and poor, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons so Perrons make making entry shall be qualified as aforesaid;; every person ing entries, making starch, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding jhfed°habie^o an? entry him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to the penalties perf°ns making starch without entry, and shall be subject to of making the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making starch with

starch without out entry are by the statutes in such case made and provided ent, T now subject unto,

XXL And whereas great quantities of starch are used in the make ing off one blue, and some evil minded persons, being makers of stone blue, do in a private and clandefine manner make farch, or otherwise manufacture meal or four for the purpose of making f one blu#.

i78&] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii I IT. C 51*

and thereby evade the payment of the duties upon ft arch, to the great loss of the revenues and the injury of the fair trade; which mischiefs might, in great measure, be prevented, if the makers of Jione blue were obliged to make entries of the places used by them for making or for keeping Jione blue, or materials for making the same, and if the officers of excise were authorised to inspect such places; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefgid, That, on or be Makers of fore^the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun ftoneblueto dred and eighty six, all and every person or persons, who now ^theirwos is or are, or shall then be a maker or makers of done blue for houses, con sale, shall make a true entry in writing of his, her, or their penalty of jot names, and place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhouse or ' workhouses, and all and every other place or places whatever that flail be made use of by such person or persons for the making of (lone blue, or for keeping done blue, or materials for making done blue, at the chief office of excise in London, if such person or persons now carry on, or shall then carry on, the business of. making (lone blue for sale within the limits of the said chief office; or if such person or persons now carry on, or shall then carry on, the said business in any other part of Great Britain, then at the office of excise next to the place where he, (lie, or they now carry on, or shall then carry on, the said business; and all and every person or persons who, after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall become a maker or makers of (tone blue for sale, (hail, before he, (he, or, they shall begin to make or manufacture (tone blue, make a true entry in writing of his, her, or their respective place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhouse or workhouses, and all and every other place or places whatever that shall be made use of by such person or persons for the making of, or for keeping (tone blue, or materials for making (tone blue, at the chief office of excise in London, if such person or persons shall carry on the said business within the limits of the said chief office, or if such person or persons shall carry on the said business in any other part of Great Britain, then at the office of excise next to the place where such person or persons flail carry on the said business, on pain of forfeiting and paying the sum of fifty pounds,

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of Officers may

excise, or of the duties upon (larch, at all times by day, at his bfue'tnd take

or their request, to enter the house or houses, workhouse or samples there

workhouses, and all and every other place or places whatever of, paying for

belonging to, or that shall be made use of hy any maker or the same

makers of done blue for sale, for the making of (lone blue, or

for keeping (lone blue, or materials for making done blue, and

there to examine all and every parcel or parcels of done blue,

and to take and carry away any sample or parcel of the same,

paying a reasonable price'for the same, according to the price

that done blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for,

XXIII And

fro

No stone blue to be made from materials that have not paid duty, on forfeiture thereof, and also iool.

Unftamped starch in possession of stone blue makers, C to be forfeited, and the owner fined ros. per pound weight.

and if more than i81b. be found in an unentered place, to be forfeited, and a fine of 50i. Persons refusing officers samples of stone blue, paying for the same, forfeit jol,

Persons molesting officers in the execu*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 51* [i 7#fv

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no maker or makers of stone blue for sale, shall begin to make or manufacture, or cause of procure to be begun to be made or manufactured, any stone blue from any flour, meal, or other ingredients, or materials what foe ver, (other than the materials or ingredients for colouring the same except starch, for which all the duties due or payable in respect thereof have been first charged, on pain of forfeiting, for efery such offence, alt such stone blue, flour, meal, and other ingredients and materials whatsoever (other than the materials or ingredients for colouring such stone blue), together with the boxes, tubs, and vessels whatsoever containing the same, and also the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afdrefaid. That if, after the said twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any such maker of stone blue for sale, or maker of hair powder for sale, shall receive into his, her, or their possession, any starch in papers not damped as aforesaid, or any loose starch, or any scrapings of starch, he, (he, or they so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten Shillings for every pound weight of starch so received in papers not damped as aforesaid, or of such loose starch or scrapings of starch; and all such starch in papers not damped as aforesaid, or loose starch, or scrapings of starch, that shall be foi received, or brought into the ponession of such maker of stone blue, or maker of hair powder, shall be forfeited, and may be feifced by any officer of excise, or of the said duties, anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any such maker of stone blue, or maker of hair powder, shall keep any starch above the quantity of twenty-eight pounds in any unentered place, the same shall be forfeited, and such maker of stone blue, or maker of hair powder, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any maker of stone blue for sale, upon request or demand made by any such officer or officers, as aforesaid, in the daytime, shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit such officer or officers, to enter and go into all and every the workhouse or workhouses, or all arid every other place or places whatever belonging to, or that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the making of stone blue, or for the keeping stone blue, or any materials Tor making stone blue, or shall not permit such officer or officers to examine, and to take and carry away with him or them any parcel or sample of stone blue, upon his or their offering to pay for the same the price that stone blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for; every such maker of stone blue shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person whatever shall assault, oppose, molest, or hin <jer any officer or officers of excise, or for the duties on starch,

9 II

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 52. 571

in the due execution of any of the powers and authorities given ticm of their and granted by this act, all and every the party or parties so duty, forfeit offending shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and L lote the sura of fifty pounds.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Howpenaltiea shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, arc to be redo means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may nro^riatwi3^ be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws P P of excise, or by adiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any adiion or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for anything by him, her, or actions. them, done in pursuance of this act, such adiion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such adiion or suit may plead the general issue. General ifluc* and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their adiion or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them. Treble cofu* against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII

An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and for the ease of the fair trader; for discontinuing the discount upon payment on bonds before due, and establishing the duty to be paid upon tobacco of the growth of the British plantations, and the united fates of America.

WHEREAS the several provifms for preventing the frauds preamble.

lent removal of tobacco by land or water contained in an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

(entitled, An act for the better securing the duties payable on Recital of 2$ tobacco), have commencement from the first day of January, one Geo. 3. C thousandjeven hundred and eighty six, notwithstanding which provi jions, such tobacco as was imported before that time hath been or may be removed by land or water, otherwise than as by the said act is dire ft ed, inasmuch as the same having been imported before that time cannot be subject to the regulations prescribed by the said act: and whereas the continuance of this liberty may encourage the importers or pojfeffors of uncujiomed tobacco to pretend that the same was imported before the said first day of January, one thousand, fey en hundred and

eighty

572 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C i £

tight? six, that pretence, tobacco inerted since that time

and tobacco stalks jtripped, and fnujf tnanufawured therefrom, may be removed otherwise than by the J aid aft is directed, to the great prejudice both of the public revenue and of the fair trader: and whereas it is expedient that all such tobacco as Shall have been lawfully imported, and was flock in hand before that time, Should be subject and liable to all and every the several and respective rules, regulations, and reflriftions, dire fled and contained in the said herein be fore recited act; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords? spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeht parlia jjjnea4, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from baccc>a&c?" anc ater twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun thoughim dred and eighty six, no tobacco which shall have been imported ported prior into Great Britain before the said first day of January, one thousand r°hfn*i, Ih8^ seven hundred and eighty six, nor any tobacco stalks stripped, reeutetioi^of nor manufactured from tobacco 16 imported, shall be re the recited moved, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, in any suft. other manner than as is directed by the said recited acct 5 and

the same shall, in every respect, be under and subject to the several rules, regulations, oaths, and restrictions directed and contained in the said act; and that all and each and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted and incurred by the said recited act, on the removal of tobacco imported since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or tobacco stalks dripped, or snuff manufactured from tobacco so imported, contrary to the said recited act, and the several rewards and distributions therein directed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all intents and purposes, to the removal of tobacco which shall have been imported into this kingdom, previous to the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and to tobacco stalks dripped, and snuff manufactured from tobacco so imported.

II And whereas, in and by the said recited act, it is provided. That if any importer or proprietor of tobacco, who hath given security for the payment of the duties in eighteen months, Shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money, sooner than the expiration of the said eighteen months, so much Shall be abated upon such bond or bonds as the discount, at the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, Shall amount to, in proportion to the time unexpired: and whereas it is expedient that the said discount Should be discontinued: be it therefore enacted by the authority n°hdifn°untfl af°refe^> That so much of the said recited act as provides, that on discharge ^ ™port^r or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given fecu of security rity as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties in eighteen

bonds. months, shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or

any part thereof, in ready money, sooner than the expiration of the said eighteen months, he shall be abated upon such bond or bonds so much as the discount, at the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, shall amount to, in proportion to the time unexpired, shall be, nd is hereby repealed,

\ — III And

1786.] Anno vicefirrro sexto gfedrgiliii. C 52. 573

III andwhereawtobacco of the growth of the hx\\\fh, colonies or plantations in America, or of the growth of the united fates of America, imported previous to the first day of January, one thousand J'cvcn hundred and eighty six, is subject to the payment of the duty of fifteen pence, and two hundred and thirty-nine two hundred and fortieth parts of a penny, per pound weight, in case the duties are not paid down in ready money at the time of the entry of such tobacco, but the same are fcciired by bond, and the importers thereof are in titled to a discount after the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, on the amount of certain of the said duties for the time unexpired in the bonds given for payment thereof: and whereas it would be et great hardjhip upon the importers of such tobacco, if they ivere

to pay such duties, be it therefore further enacted, That no to American tobacco imported previous to the first day of January, one thou ed^riorto^" land seven hundred and eighty six, and for which bond shall have been given for securing the duties payable thereupon, and remaining in which is now remaining unsold in the warehouse under the the king5a king's locks, shall be subject or liable to pay more than the t0

duty of one shilling and twopence, and seventy nirte eightieth and 8oth3 parts of a penny, for every pound weight of the same, accord of id. per lb. ing to the weights of such tobacco, taken by the proper officers duty, of the customs on landing of the same at the importation thereof.

IV Provided always. That the importer or importers of such Nodifcountto tobacco, Upon paying up the said duty of one shilling and two he allowed^on pence, and seventy nine eightieth parts of a penny, per pound the foid'duty. weight, shall not be intitled.to any discount whatsoever.

V Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex Duties to be tend, or be construed to extend, to, alter in any respect the appropriated manner of appropriating the duties upon such tobacco; and as ere 0 ore that the present duties of one shilling and twopence, and seventy nine eightieth parts of a penny, per pound weight, shall

be appropriated in the same manner, and to the same branches to which such duties were applicable before the making of this at.

VI And whereas tobacco, after having undergone certain kinds of

manufacture, becomes known by the respective names of Carrot or Roll, Pigtail 0r Twisted Tobacco, and, from the nature of the manufacture, necefjarily imbibes and retains a quantity of water or other ingredients, whereby the weight becomes conpderably increased, and the revenue materially injured, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, upon the examination by the proper officer Roll tobacco Or officers of the customs, any carrot or roll tobacco, entered for exporta for exportation, shall be found to contain of water, or any in gredients other than tobacco, more than twelve pounds for tufe of more every one hundred pounds weight; or if any pigtail or twisted than ialb. and tobacco entered as aforesaid, shall be found to contain of water, twisted to or any ingredients other than tobacco, more than ten pounds or

for every one hundred pounds weight, all such tobacco shall be cwt!# *0 ^pw forfeited. forfeited.

VII And whereas there is a species of manufactured tobacco,

Vol. XXXV q.q known

Cut tobacco for exportation, containing more than 1-5th part (talk, forfeited.

How disputes relative to the mixture of tobacco, See. are to be determined.

Tobacco from his majesty's colonies in America, or the united dates, liable to the same

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 52. [1786.

"known by he name of Cut Tobacco, which aught not to contain a. greater weight ofjialk in proportion to the leaf than that of one pound offolk tofour pounds of leaf \ which, in the naturaljiate of tobacco, before it is so manufactured, is the usual proportion, be it therefore enacted by .the authority aforesaid, That if, upon the examination by the proper officer or officers of the customs, any cut tobacco entered for exportation shall be found to contain of stalk; more than the said proportion, all such cut tobacco shall be forfeited.

Vill. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any carrot or roll tobacco, or pigtail or twisted tobacco, shall be seized as containing more than the due proportion of water, or any ingredients other than tobacco, dr if any cut tobacco shall be seized as containing more than the due proportion of stalk, and the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco respectively, or his or their agent, shall deny that the carrot or roll tobacco, or the pigtail or twisted tobacco seized, do reflectively contain more than the due proportion of water, or any ingredients other than tobacco, or that the cut tobacco does contain more than the due proportion of stalk, then, and in such case, the matter in dispute shall he referred to the determination of two indifferent persons, one of whom shall be named by the officer or officers who shall have seized the same, and the other by the said proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent; and in case the two persons so nominated shall not agree, it shall and may be lawful for the said two persons to nominate a third person, who shall finally determine the matter in controversy: provided always, that such feferrence shall be made within the space of three days from the day of seizure; and that if at the end of the third day the referrees, nominated as aforesaid, shall not have decided, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the customs in England, or any four of more of them, or the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, or for the collector and comptroller, in any of the out ports, as the case may be, to appoint an arbitrator, who shall finally determine the matter in dispute.

IX And whereas there is a difference at this time existing in the moneys payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth or production of his Majeffs coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America j or of the growth or production of the united Jlates of America; that is to say, Whether the duties are paid down in ready money, or whether they are secured by bond: and whereas it is expedient that such difference floould be aboli/hed, and that the moneys to be paid in future ball, in all cases, be in amount the same as the duties which would be due and payable in case the importer or proprietor had not secured the same by bond, but had paid down the duties in ready money; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the moneys to be paid upon the importation into Great Britain, of tobacco of the growth of his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America,

or

tys6.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 53. 575

or of the growth or production of the united dates of America, duty, whether

whether the duties shall be paid down in ready money at the

time of importation or whether the same shall be secured by fccurecfby0

bond, as is now by law allowed, shall and are hereby directed bond.

to be the same which are now due and payable in the case of

an importer or proprietor of tobacco paying the duties down in

ready money at the time of the importation thereof, and not

securing the same by bond; any law, custom, or usage to the 1

contrary notwithstanding.

X And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid

That no discount shall be paid or allowed, nor any allowance No discount

whatever shall be made to any person or persons whatever, to a*!owed

C r r J r r !/» - on bonus, en

upon payment of any lum or sums of money in dischargeot any tere(j into unbond or bonds already given or entered into in pursuance of der recited the said herein before recited act, or any other act or acts of act, unless^in parliament now in force, or which shall be hereafter given or entered into, in pursuance of the said herein before recited act, tobacco is re before the said twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand seven moved; hundred and eighty six, unless the person or persons so paying the same shall, within twenty days after he or they shall have so paid the same, take the tobacco for which he or they shall have so paid such sum or sums of money out of the warehouse or warehouses belonging to his Majesty, wherein such tobacco shall have been lodged or deposited.

CAP. LIII

An act to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the Britishh colonies iri America; to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth; and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his maielty's sugar coionics, directly to foreign parts, in ships built, in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grcafe; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom; to the repealing the duties upon pot and pearl ashes, wood and weed allies, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; and to revivs and continue several laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, shipped as (lores, to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp and rough and undreficd flax from his majesty's colonies in America.

So much of 8 Geo. 3. C 12. as relates to the importation of wood, timber, and lumber, from America, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792, etc. Act 4 Geo. a. C 29. as to gunpowder, further continued until Sept. 19, 1791. Act 9 Geo. 2. C 37. as to sail cloth, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792. Act 12 Geo. 2. C 30. as to sugar, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792. Act 4 Geo. 3. C 19. further continued until June 24, 1790. Act 7 Geo. 3. C 12. as to tallow, etc. further continued, wntii March 25, 2788. Act ij Geo. 3, C 3$. as to goat skins, further

Qq % con

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 54 — 56. [1786.

continued uttfil June 20, 1790. Act 20 Geo. 3. C 3$. as to pot and pearl allies, further continued until May 31, 1789. Act io Geo. 3. C 39. as to corn, further continued for seven years from its expiration. Act 33 Geo. 3. C 77. as to flax and cotton manufactured in Great Britain, further continued for two years. So much of act 19 Geo. 3. C »*. as relates to a drawback on rums fliipt as stores for merchant ships, revived, 1 and further^continued until April 1, 1788. Act. 4 Geo. 3. C 26. as to hemp and flax imported, revived, and further continued until June 24* 1806.

CAP. LIV

An act for continuing the salaries and profits of the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the (lamp office rateable to the land tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Marv le Strand, in the liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said office ffiould be removed into any other division or place.

Act of present session, C 3. recited. Commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the stamp duties to be afiefled on the said act to the land tax for their salaries, and other profits of their places in Shire Lane Ward, though the office be removed, so that the proportion afiefled in St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand in 1785, be again afiefled thereon, and so as any other division to which the said office may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said salaries and profits, than it was in 1785. Out of such afieflment one fourth part to be paid to the collectors of the district to which the office shall be removed, and also the whole of the land tax for all additional commissioners, clerks, and other additional officers of the said duties, created since Dec. 25.1785, or which may hereafter be created, to be applied in aid of the afieflment laid on such division, C To be a public aft.

CAP. LV

An act to enable the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex to raise money, in manner therein mentioned, for erecting a house of correction within the said county.

Justices may raise money for purchasing ground, and erecting a proper. and commodious house of correction thereon, with necessary conveni encies, by granting annuities for lives, with or without benefit of survivorship, out of the county rates. Annuities charged upon the county rates. Grants may be transferred. The money received for the purchase of annuities, to be applied in paying for ground, and erecting buildings thereon, for the purpose aforesaid; and sitting up and furnish ing the same, and the overplus to be applied in payment of the said annuities. The justices to lay a sufficient rate for the purposes of the county, and also for paying the annuities. Justices to appoint a treasurer, and to take security from him. Accounts to be kept of the receipts, and disbursemcnts. The justices may sell, let out, or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the quakers' ground (adjoining to the present house bf correction) and also the present house of correction, and the fcite thereof, and the premises belonging thereto, and also of any ground purchased for the same, which hall not be used for the same, or for the yards, outlets, and airing places belonging thereto. Saving to the justices the powers given by any former acts. Tb be a public act.

CAP. LVI

an act for obliging overseers of the poor to male upon oath,

to certain questions specified,, to the state of the poor.

Preamble. X / the great and of maintaining

» V and providing for the, that part of Great Britain

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 56. £77

tain called England, and the continual distresses of the poor not with jlanding, make it highly expedient for the legijlature to take that subject into their mofe serious confederation: and whereas information of the state of the poo7\ and the nature of those expenses, may be necessary to he procured, in order to enable parliament to judge of proper remedies to redress those grievances; but it is apprehendedfeuch information cannot be effectually obtained without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of the same. That a sufficient number of Printedcopiea printed copies of this act, and aifo of the schedule hereunto an of this act to nexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing ^ hereof, be transmitted by George White esquire, one of the clerks of the peace of the house of commons, to the clerks of the peace of the feve to be diftri ral and respective counties, ridings, divisions, precinets, fokes, butedamongst franchises, liberties, cities, and towns corporate, in England and the justices, Wales; and that the said several clerks of the peace shall, and etc? they are hereby required, with all convenient speed, to cause the said act to be distributed among the adding justices of the peace within their respective limits, and also to cause a sufficient number of the schedule to this act annexed to be delivered to the high constable, or other proper officer who hath the execution of precepts from justices of the peace, within their respective limits, at the Midsummer quarter sessions of the peace, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and also to the town clerks, or other proper officers, of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in which quarter sessions of the peace are usually held, situate in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, soke, franchise, town corporate, or place, for which the said clerks of the peace, or town clerks, shall respectively act; and the said Returns made clerks of the peace shall also receive the answers and returns by the over made by the overseers of the poor, pursuant to the directions leers to be herein after given, and transmit the same to the clerk of the theclerkoftq parliaments with all convenient speed, in order that the same the parlia may be infpedted by parliament, upon pain of forfeiting, for ments. every neglect and default, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the difcretiorv of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

II And be it further enacted, That the several justices of the justices toap peace, within their respective jurisdictions in England and Wales, point a meet shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Midsummer in of oyer' quarter session in the year one thousand seven hundred and [h^mmfum61^ eighty six appoint a time and place, or times and places, which mer session ** or times shall be on or before the twentieth day of Otto and Oct. 20, her, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, for the over 1786, to give seers of the poor of the several parishes, and also of the several ^creturns* townships and places which maintain their poor separately and C fuftipdtly from the parish at large within their respective juris

clq I didtions*

Arffco vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 56. [ 1786.

diflions, to attend them at such meeting or meetings for the purposes of this acv, with returns and answers to the questions Rated in the schedule to this act annexed; and two or more of the said justices shall, and they are hereby required to cause notice thereof to be given to such overseers respectively, and also to the .high constables, and, where there are no high constables, to such other proper officers who have the execution of precepts from justices of the peace to inferior officers, within such re fpedhve jurisdictions, requiring their attendance at such meetings for the purposes of this ah

III And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the Justices, at the peace shall and they are hereby authorised and required, at such receivcfthe meet‘ng or meetings foto be appointed by them as aforesaid, to returns, etc. receive and take the answers and returns to be made by the andadrrfnifter overseers of the poor, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, and an oath to the then and there administer to them respectively the oath con o veneers, etc. tained in the said schedule; and such justices, if they see cause,

may examine such overseers upon oath, touching any of the matters contained in such questions and answers, and call for the accounts of the overseers of the poor for each of the three preceding years, if they shall see fit, in order to explain and verify the said accounts as shall be then made; and the said justices shall then deliver such answers and returns to the respective high constables r other proper officers as aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them transmitted to the clerks of the peace or town clerks, as herein is directed.

IV And be it further enacted, That the said high constables,

or other proper officers within the respective jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer quarter sessions, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, receive from the said clerks of the peace or town clerks the said printed schedules, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, one such schedule to one of the overseers of the poor of (every pariffi, townffiip, or place, as well within towns corporate as without, within their respective limits, and, when required by the respective justices of the peace as aforesaid, attend the said respective meetings, and then and there receive the several answers and returns made by the overseers of the poor, and endorse upon the back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, Wapentake, lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or town corporate, wherein the said pariffi, townffiip, or place, therein mentioned, is situate, and transmit the same, together with a true and perfect list of the names of the overseers of the poor of every parish, townffiip, and place, to whom such schedule had been delivered as aforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace and town clerks, at the then next Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, (which adjournment the justices at such quarter sessions are required to make to some convenient day, within seven days after the said twentieth day of Qftober^ in cases where such returns shall not be made at the Michaelmas quarter sessions); upon pain of forfeiture, for every ' ' default

Duty of the high confta bie preferib ed.

Penalty for neglect.

579

1786.] Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii III 0.56.

default and neglect in the matters aforesaid, a Turn not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion. of the justice or justices of the peace before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

V And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the poor Overseers to of every such parish, township, and place, shall, and are hereby deliver in required to attend the justices of the peace at such meeting or ^th^a return meetings, and then and there deliver to the said justices, signed to the justices, by them, a just and true answer and return to the said questions, etc.

upon oath, as before directed, and at the same time produce to the said justices the afteffments under which the money was collected, and the accounts of all the expenses respecymg the poor for each of the years for which such returns are to be made, for their infpecftion and examination; and that every overseer, making default in any of the matters hereby required, shall, for every such neglect and default, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten Penalty on pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice neglect. or justices, before whom complaint thereof shall be made: and, Overseers to in order to enable the said overseers to make answers and returns take copies of as aforesaid, they are; hereby authorised and empowered to call qfc^cedins for, infpecft, and take copies of the accounts of the overseers, overseers.ins for each of the said years, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, in whose hands soever they shall happen to be; and every person or persons, in whose custody or power every such account or accounts shall be, shall, and are hereby required to produce and deliver such respective accounts to the said overseers, for the purposes aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for Penalty on re every default or neglect in the premises, a sum not exceeding ten fusing to depounds, or less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice acor

justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

VI And be it further enabled, That if any overseer, or per Persons make son required to make any such return or returns as aforesaid, ingfalfere shall conceal any matter or matters, directed to be inquired into turns, to forby the said schedule, or shall knowingly or wilfully make a el 5 * false or imperfecft return, every such overseer, or person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty

pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wejlmmjler, in the counties palatine of Lancaster, Chester, and Durham, or the great sessions in the principality of Wales.

VII And be it further enatsted, That there shall be paid Fees to be aland allowed, for the trouble and expenses of the several persons lowedforeaclj employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which return>viz* shall be so made and transmitted to the clerks of the peace and

town clerks respectively, pursuant to the dire£tions aforesaid, the sums following, and no more videlicet:

To the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, for the return which To the clerk shall be made from every parish, township, and place, the sum of the peace, of one shilling;

q.q 4 To

High con liable, is. 6d.

Overseers, as.

Justices clerks, is.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

Persons making false oaths liable to the penalties of corrupt perjury.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 56. [1786.

To the high constable, or other proper officer, for the like, the film of one shilling and sixpence: :

the overseers of the poor, for the like, the sum of two (hi! lings:

To the clerks of the justices of the peace, for the like, the

sum of one shilling:

And that the said justices of the peace, at their respective quarter sessions which shall be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers, to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precinets, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, and towns corporate.

VIII And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act shall, unless otherwise directed by this act, if not immediately paid, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charge of such distress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail, or mainprize, for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, unless the said forfeiture and charges shall be sooner paid 5 and the said forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the said respective treasurers, in aid of the rates aforesaid; and any person shall be deemed a competent witness, for the execution of any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to such county rates.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case any person or persons shall wilfully and corruptly make a false oath touching any of the matters contained in this act, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to

.SCHEDULE

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 56.

S C H E D U L E.

Questions, to which, by direction of an act, parted in the twenty iixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, (entitled. An act for obliging the overseers of the poor in the several parishes or places within that part of Great Britain called England, to male returns, upon oath, to certain quejlions specified therein, relative to the fate of the poor,) answers are to be returned by the overseers of the poor of every parish township, and place, in writing upon oath, and signed by them; for which purpose the said overseers are to attend the joffices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, at such times and places as they Shall appoint, on pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds

Question ift. What money was raised by afteflments, for the relief of the poor, in the respective years ending at Easier 1783, 1784, and 1785?

2d. What number of poor received constant, and what num ber occasional relief, during each of the said three years, as near as you can ascertain the same?

'3d. How much was paid out of the said money, in each of

the said three years, forexpences of overseers in journeys and attendances on magistrates and others; and how much for entertainments at meetings of the inhabitants, on affairs relative to the poor?

4th. What payments were made out of the said money for law business, and for orders, examinations, certificates, and other proceedings respecting the poor, in each of the said three years?

th. How much of the money collected under these assessments was applied for the payment of county rates, or any other, and what, purposes, that did not concern the poor?

6th. How much of the money so raised has been expended ir providing materials and utensils for setting the poor to work?

ANSWERS

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii ill. C 56. [v7e6.

ANSWERS Jo the Questions contained in the Schedule annexed to the Act (entitled, for obliging of

the Poor to male Returns, upon oathto\certain Questions Specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor), returned by

the Overseers of the Ppor of the Parish [£sy. as the Case ] of in the County [fsv. as the Case

shall he]of

Answers. To ift Question. To 2d Question. To 3d Question. To 4th Question To 5th Question. To rh Question. Remarks upon the ad Part of the 5th Question.

for What Vear. Money raised - Assessment. Poor who received constant Relief. Poor who received occa ft onal Relief. Expenses ofo verfeers in jour nies and Attendances on the ►magiitrates. Expenses of Entertainments at Meetings ot the Inhabitants. Expenses in Law Bulinefs, Orders, Examinations, Certificates, and other Procedings respecting the Poor. Amount of Money applied for County Rates. Expended for other Purposes which did not concern the Poor. Expended in providing Materials and Utenfilsfor setting the Poor to Work. ‘ V

s. d. No. No. £. /. 1 d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ j. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1783* 1784. 1783. -

Here the Person making the Return must subscribe his Name,

(j

C

O

O

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0: 57.'

Form of the Oath referred to by this at.

y*ou/balljwear, That the answer and return now made hy you to the several questions contained in the schedule hereunto annexed is a full and true answer to the said quejlions, to the bejl of your knowledge, information, and belief.

583

CAP. LVII

An act for the further regulation of the trial of persons accused of certain offences committed in the East Indies $ for repealing so much of an aci, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, and of the British possesstons in India and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies), as requires the servants of the east-india company to driver inventories of their estates and effects; for rendering the laws more effectual against persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for the more easy proof in certain cases, of deeds and writings executed in Great Britain or India.

wrhereas, by an act, made in the twenty fourth year of his Preamble.

Majeflfs reign, entitled, An act for the better re Recital of act gulation and management of the affairs of the East India com »4geo. 3. pany, and of the British possessions in India 5 and for establish C ing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of perfops accused of offences committed in the East indiesy diverse provifons were made and enabled for the more effectually prosecuting and bringing to speedy and condign punishment the crime of extortion, and other mijdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British subjecis, in the service of his Majesty, or of the said company; and particularly for conjlituting a special court of judicature for the trial of any information, to be exhibited in his Majeflfs court of king's bench, against such offenders, under and by virtue of a commission, to be awarded under the great seal of Great Britain, directed to four members of the house of peers, six members of the house of commons, and three of the judges of his Majeflfs courts of law at westminster, such members and judges to be selected and chosen in the manner prescribed by the said a CL and the said special commissioners, to be so.

‘conflituted by such commission, or any seven or more of them, (of whom one of the said three judges was to be one), were, by the said act, invested with full power and authority to. hear and determine every such information, and to pronounce judgement thereon, according ^ to the effect of the judgement at common-law, upon convictions had and obtained according to the course, of the common-law, for extortion « or other misdemeanour: and whereas the selection of the members of the said respecthe houses of parliament, for the purposes aforesaid, may be rendered more easy and convenient: and whereas 'it is judged expedient, that, instead off f 'even, not less than ten commissioners to be

constituted

G( gle

5h

Within the first 30 sitting days of every section, lists of *6 names to be delivered in sealed up, by the members of the upper house, from which shall be select da 6 peers \

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57. {1786.

tcnftituted by such eommijjion as aforesaid, floould have authority to hear and determine any such information, and, for that punpose, that a greater number of members of each house of parliament, than is directed by the said act, Jhouldy together with the said three judges y be named and authorised as commissioners in and by such commtffion : and whereas it is also expedient, that, for giving greater vigour and efficacy to the proceedings and judgements of the said [pedal commissioners, further regulations floould be provided and ejtablijbed: may it therefore pleaie your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 and be it enabled by the king's fnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritualand temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the members of the house of lords, by the said act directed to be named by the said house for the purposes aforesaid, shall bechosen, nominated, and appointed in the manner following, and no otherwise, anything in the said recited a contained to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say). That, within the first thirty sitting days of the house of lords in every future section of parliament, the members of the said house, or any of them, may respectively deliver in at the table, lists enclosed in covers, sealed up, and having the words East India Judicaturey and their respective names or titles of honour, by which they are generally known and distinguished, endorsed on the outside thereof, in their refpediive proper hand writing; every such list containing the names or titles of twenty six peers; and that, on the first sitting day after the expiration of the said thirty days, the clerk of the parliaments, or his deputy or assistant, or such other personas the said house shall direct, shall prepare and lay upon the table of the said house a list of the names or titles of the lords who shall, within the said thirty days, have delivered such lists; and that, on the next sitting day of the said house, the said covers shall be open ned by the clerk of the parliaments, or his deputy or assistant, or such other person as the said house shall direef, by the order of the speaker of the said house, during the sitting of the said house, and all the lists which shall be so delivered shall be taken out of the said covers and put into a box; and the said lists shall be referred by the said house to a committee, who shall examine the same, and within such time as the said house shall direct, report to the house the'name or title of every lord whose name or title shall appear in ten or more of such lists; and if the names or titles of the refpedlrve members so returned shall not amount to twenty six members at the least, exclusively of such of the members so returned as shall be struck out of the said lists according to the directions of this act, the members of the said house, or any of them, may, on any of the next seven sitting days of the said house, deliver in frefti lists in covers sealed up, and endorsed in the manner herein before directed, each of such lists containing a number of names or titles of members of the said house, equal to that number by which the list returned by the eommittee shall, exclusively of the members struck out as aforesaid

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57. 585

said, fall short of twenty six; and the said covers shall be opened, and the lists disposed of, referred, and proceeded upon after the end of the said seven days, in the manner herein before directed - in respect to the said former lists.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the members of the house of commons, to be named by and in the that house for thepurpofes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, i^egr^ and appointed in the manner following, and no otherwise, any commoners thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary not with to be delivered landing; (that is to say), That within the first thirty fitting ins from days of the said house in every future session of parliament, the Q

members of the said house, or any of them, may respectively Members

which fnallbe

deliver in at the table lists, enclosed in covers, sealed up, and having the words East India Judicature, and their respective.. endorsed on the outside thereof, in their respective proper hand writing, each of which lifts shall contain the names of forty members of the said house; and that, on the first sitting day after the expiration of the said thirty days, the clerk of the said house, or his deputy or assistant, or such other personas the house shall direct, shall prepare, and lay upon the table, the names of all the members who shall have delivered such lists; and that on the next sitting day of the said house, the clerk of the said house, or any or either of such other persons as aforesaid, shall, at the table, during the sitting of the said house, by the order of the speaker, take the lists out of the said covers, and put the said lists together into a box; and the said lists shall be immediately referred, by the said house, to a committee, who shall examine the same, and within such time as the house shall direct, report to the house the name of every member whose - shall appear in twenty or more of the said lists; and if the names so returned (hallnot amount to forty at the least, exclusively of such of the said members therein named as shall be struck out of the said lists according to the directions of this act, the members of the said house, or any of them, may, on any of the next seven sitting days of the said house, deliver in at the table of the said house fresh lists, in covers, sealed up and endorsed in the manner herein before directed, each list containing a number of names of members of the said house equal to that number by which the list returned by the said committee shall, exdulively of such of the said names as shall be so struck out, fall (hort of forty, and the said' lists shall be opened, disposed of referred, and proceeded upon, after the end of the said seven" days, in the manner herein before directed in respect to the said lifts: and the like order and course reflectively as foresaid shall be taken in each house of parliament, until the said numbers of twenty six members of the house of lords, and forty members of the house of commons, shall have been returned to the said respective houses, by the committees to whom the said lists shall be referred, exclusively of such of the members so returned as shall be struck out of the said lists according to the? directions of this act,

III Pro

586

Persons holding offices under the crown, chir« ing pleasure, C to be ftrnck out of the lists.

Attno vicesimo sexto georgii IIL C £7. [1786.

Ill, Provided always, and be it enabled. That if any of the persons named in any of the lists returned by the said respective committees, shall appear to hold any civil office of profit under the crown, during his majesty's pleasure, or to be, or to have been, a commissioner for the affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the said company, or to hold, or to have: held, any office or employment in the service of the said company in India, the names of all and every such persons shall be (truck out of the said lists, by the order of the said respective houses of parliament.

Mode of deli IV Provided also, and he it further enacted, That if the de

vering in of livery of the said lists at the tables of the respective houses of par

lists left tot e ]jament jn the manner directed by this at, shall occasion any houses or par.. '. X * r r .' r. . -

liament, if interruption or other bufinels, or be round inconvenient in any

that proposed other respect, it shall be lawful for both or either of the said houses, by their order or orders, to substitute such other mode for the delivery of such lists as the said houses shall respectively think fit, and that the said lists shall, after the making of any such order or orders, be delivered according to the tenor and directions thereof respectively; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And be it further enacted, That the names of the twenty * six peers and forty members of the house of commons, which shall have been so chosen by the said respective hdufes of parliament, or the names of the twenty six peers and forty members of the house of commons, which (in case the said lists of both or either of the said houses shall happen to contain a greater

be found in convenient.

The party accused may challenge 13 peers and 20 commoners contained in the lists, as the names are

drawing by number of members than as aforesaid, respectively) shall have lot in the pre been drawn by lot, according to the directions of the said former fence of the act, 0r of such of them as shall personally appear at the time and gording^o"the pace appointed, in the manner by the said act directed, shall be

recited act.

Prosecutor

put into a box, to be drawn by lot, in the presence of the judges, to be appointed according to the directions of the said recited act, and of the parties to the information to be tried, or their counsel or agents : and the person or persons against whom the said information shall have been exhibited, shall have the liberty, as the said names are drawn out, to make peremptory challenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers, and twenty of the members of the house of commons, whose names shall have been put into the said box; and his majesty's attorney ge thevame neral, or other prosecutor, as the case may happen, and also the number party or parties against whom such information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall respectively have power to make challenges to any of the names which shall be so drawn out, and to assign for cause of challenge any such matter as, in the opinion of the three judges, or the majority of them, shall appear, in their discretion, sufficient to fet aside the person or persons so challenged, for the purpose of obtaining equal justice: The first five and the first five names of the said peers, and likewise the first peers, and the seven names of the said members of the house of commons, first (even which being drawn out shall not be so challenged, or against

whom

17 86.] Anno vicesimo sexto Geor'gii III c.57;, 587

whom no challenge shall have been allowed, shall be returned commoners, by the said judges to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or n*mes lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great nd Britain, who shall cause the said five peers, and the said seven challenged, to members of the hpufe of commons, by their respective proper be, with the riames or titles of honour, together with the names of the said three judges, three judges, to be inserted in the special commission to be issued com

by virtue of the said recited act, and of this present act; and the miffiouers. persons who shall be so named and authorised in and by the said commission, shall appear within ten days, at the time and place to be appointed by the said three judges, and shall then and there take the following oath, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal of Great Britain, for the time being, or any one of them:

I A. B. do swear, That? as a commissioner appointed by bis Ma Commission

jesty's commission for the trial of the information nozu at issue €r8 oath agahifl C D. I will diligently attend such trial, and that I will hear and determine the same to the bejl of my judgement, according to the evidence which Shall be given.

So help me GOT).

VI And be it further enacted, That if, by reason of the chal challenger lenges as aforesaid, the number of names so drawn out as afore ^^rnber^o said shall be reduced to less than five peers and seven members [ef8 than of the house of commons respectively, then, and in such case, peers and fe the said three judges shall forthwith certify the same to the speak yen commoners of the respective houses of parliament, who shall lay the same before the said houses respectively; and the said houses shall re out spectively proceed, within any of the next seven days on which the said houses shall respectively fit for the dispatch of business, to choose, nominate, and appoint twenty six members of the house of lords, and forty members of the house of commons, after the manner and course aforesaid, the lists of which said respective members, so chosen and appointed, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the crown in his majesty's high court of chancery, or his deputy, and be inserted in a new commission, to be issued in the manner herein before and in the said former act directed: provided always, That no day on which the house of commons shall have adjourned, for want of the presence of a sufficient number of members to execute the provisions of the several acts parted in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, to regulate the trials of controverted eledions or returns of members to serve in parliament, shall be accounted one of the sitting days of the said house, for any of the purposes of this act.

VII And be it further enacted, That the said special com Power of the missioner to be appointed as aforesaid shall have full power and commission authority to bear and determine every such information, and to ers# pronounce judgement thereon according to the effect of the judgement of the common-law, upon convidions had and obtained

5*8

Anrio vicesimo sexto georgii III C 57. ' [1 jt6i

tained according to the coutfe of the common-law, for extortion, or other mifdemeanof, and also to declare the party so convicted incapable of serving the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, or the said united company, in any capacity whatever; and such judgement so pronounced by the said special commissioners as ' aforesaid, upon such information, shall be good and effectual, and shall.be conelusive, to all intents and purposes;; no Certiorari shall be granted for removing the proceedings of the said special commissioners, on such information, into any court whatever; and the proceedings of the said special commissioners shall not be impeached, or the validity thereof questioned, in any action or suit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity.

Ten commis VIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Patent to°a& the powers and authorities given and granted by the said recited * al, and by this present act, unto the said special commissioners, shall and may be executed by or before any ten or more of them (of whom one of the said three judges shall always be one); and that no act done or executed by or before the said commissioners, unless ten or more of the said commissioners (of whom one of the said three judges shall be one) shall be present at the doing or executing thereof (save and except in the particular cases herein after specially provided) shall be valid or effectual; anything in the said former at contained to the contrary not with (tanding. \

Majority to jx. Provided also, and be it further enailed, That whenever an^the preli *pecia^ commissioners shall not concur in opinion, upon

dent to have a any question or matter to be decided by or before them, every catting vote, such question or matter shall be determined by the greater number of the said commissioners who shall be then present, so that the number of commissioners then present be not less than ten as aforesaid; and if the said commissioners shall at any time be equally divided in opinion, on any question or matter depending before them, the judge then sitting as president shall have two voices, or the calling vote'.

If by death, X And be it further enacted, That if any of the said special or otherwise, commissioners shall depart this life, or be excused from attend flioidd^e rem le manner k}t this ac directed, before the said commis duced under fion shall. have been fully executed, so that there shall not be a ten, a new sufficient number of commissioners to proceed in the due exe commission to cutjon of such commission, according to the true intent and be made out. mean; ng of this act; or if all the said three judges shall happen to die, or be excused from attending in the manner by this at directed, whilst the said commission shall be depending; then, and in either of such cases, and from thenceforth, the said commission, and the force and effet thereof, shall cease, and a new commission shall be awarded for hearing the matter of such information, for which such former commission was issued, and the trial of such information shall begin de novo; save only and except with respect to the examinations or depositions of any witnesses (if any) which shall have been taken in writing under the

a said

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 57. 589

said former commission, which examinations or depositions shall and may be received and admitted as evidence under such new commission.

XI And be it further enacted, That the said special commis commission fioners ihali several ly attend in court during the whole trial for ^hn/the which they shall be appointed as aforesaid, and none of the said whoie trial, commissioners shall in any wise absent himself from the same unless absent (except as hereafter is provided); and the said court shall at no by leave, time proceed in the said trial until all the said special commissioners, not having obtained such leave of absence, or not having been excused as herein after is provided, shall be met and assembled;; if the said special commissioners (except as afore If all do not said) shall not all meet and assemble withia the space of one .mettle ma hour after the time to which they shall have adjourned, such of them as shall be then present, or the major part of them, shall y j make an order for a further adjournment of the trial, in which order the cause of such further adjournment shall be expressed, and a copy of such order, signed by the register to the said commissioners, shall be served upon, or left at the usual or last place or places of abode of, the said absent commissioner or commissioners respectively; and at such further adjourned meeting the <^aufe of ab cause of his or their absence shall be inquired into by the special commissioners who shall be then present, before the said com ^uire m missioner shall proceed to any other business; and if it shall not be made appear, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, by fads specially stated, and verified before them upon oath (or, in the case of such fads being verified by a peer of the realm, then upon his honour) that such absent commissioner or commissioners was or were, by sudden accident, or by necessity, pre venred from attending at the said former sitting, it shall and may be lawful for the special commissioners then present, or the major part of them, to pass such censure upon such commissioner Absentees or commissioners who shall have been so absent, as they shall ^re^or^ned think fit, and also to impose upon such commissioner or com and disabled * respectively, for such neglect cf duty, or upon any from acting. commissioner or commissioners who shall depart from the said court during the sitting, and before an adjournment thereof, such fine or fines as the said commissioners, or the greater number of them then present, shall think fit, so that no'such fine shall exceed the sum of five hundred pounds; which fine or fines shall How fines are be forthwith eftreated by one or more of the said three judges, tobelevied. into the court of exchequer, and the like process shall be awarded by the said court of exchequer, for levying the said fine or fines for his majesty's use, as is usually awarded for the levying of other fines eftreated into the said court of exchequer; and the said special commissioners shall also have full power and authority to order or declare, that any commissioner or commissioners, who shall be so censured, or on whom any such fine or fines shall be imposed, shall be disabled from acting in the further execution of such commission.

XII Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it (haft Leave of ab vol. XXXV Rr and fence may be

hours, except oin occasions herein specified.

590 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57. [1786/

granted to ard may be lawful for the said commissioners, or the greater

ers^ho how number them, to grant leave of absence to any of the said com ever, are dif * missioner, upon proof, to their fatisfa<sion, of sickness or other qualified. urgent oceafion; and such of the said commissioners who shall obtain leave of absence as aforesaid, and shall accordingly be absent during any part of such trial, shall be no longer capable of acting under such commission; anything contained in the said former act, or in this aff, to the contrary nqtwithstanding. thltcom3 al XIII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That after the mfffioners nottria^ any information shall have commenced and been begun to adjourn for by and before the said special commissioners, the said commis mqre than a4 fioners shall sit every day, Sunday, christmas^day, and Good Friday, only excepted 5 and the said commissioners shall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-four hours, unless a Sunday, chrijl mas day, or Good Friday, (nail happen to intervene, in which case their adjournment shall not exceed twenty-four hours, exclusive of such Sunday, chrijlmas day, or Good Friday: provided also. That if the number of the said special commissioners capable of acting in the execution of such commission, according to the directions of this as, shall, by death or otherwise, be reduced to ten, and any of such ten commissioners shall be prevented by sudden accident, or by necessity, from attending such trial, the said other commissioners, or the greater number of them, shall arid may, at their discretion, adjourn and suspend the proceedings upon such trial, from time to time as circumftancee may require, so that any such adjournment shall not exceed three days, and the number of such successive adjournments shall not, in the whole, exceed ten adjournments; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special commissioners to constitute and appoint such clerks, tipstaffs, messengers, and other officers, to attend upon them in the execution of their said commission, and to do and perform all such matters and things as shall be ordered or given to them in charge by the said commissioners, as the said commissioners shall think fit; and such several clerks and other officers shall be diligently attendant upon, and subject and obedient to the said commissioners, and may be suspended, removed, or discharged, or be puniflied by fine or fines, to be imposed by the said commissioners, for any neglect of duty or disobedience, at the discretion of the said commissioners; which fines shall he eftreated into his majesty's court of exchequer, by one or more of the said three judges, and shall and may be levied and recovered, for his Majesty's use, by‘the process of the said

commissioners may appoint clerks, See. who may be removed, chow

clerks, care to be paid.

court; and all and every of such clerks and other officers shall be paid, by the parties informant or informants, and defendant or defendants, named in such information, the same or the like fees and allowances as the refpediive officers attendant upon his Mar jesty's court of king's bench, upon trials of informations for misdemeanours prosecuted in the said court, are entitled to receive from the parties thereto, respectively, according to the stations

and

591

1786.} Anno vicesmo lexto georgii III 0*57*

and duties of such officers respectively,

XV And be it further enacted, That whenever an informa Court of tion shall be exhibited in the saidcourt of king's bench, against king's beqch^ any person or persons, for the crime of extortion, or other mif an ant^for demeanour, committed in the East Indies, in every such case, up apprehending on a certificate from the coroner and attorney of our lord the persons accu king, (commonly called The Clerk of the Crown in the court of of extor king's bench, or The Majlerof the Crown Office in the said court), [h^eaftindk*. or any or either of his sworn clerks in the said office, that such information hath been filed, (which information, in case the

same shall be filed when the court of king's bench shall not be sitting, shall be considered as filed on the last day of the preceding term), it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chief justice, or any of the other judges of the said court, at the infiance of such prosecutor or prosecutors, to issue his warrant, under his hand and seal, directed to all fherifls, mayors, bailiffs, eonfiables, and other peace officers, and to such other person or persons as shall be named for that purpose by such prcrfecutor dr prosecutors, for apprehending and attaching the party or parties defendant or defendants to such information; and if such party or parties shall escape or go into, reside, or be in any place within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff or steward depute of fubfritutt*, or any justice of the peace of the county or place into which such party or parties shall escape or go, or in which he or they shall reside or be, to endorse his name on the said warrant; which warrant so endorsed shall be a sufficient authority to all persons ro whom such warrant was originally directed, and also to all sheriffs officers, stewards officers, eonfiables, and other peace officers of the said county or place, by the sheriff, steward depute or fubfiitute, or justice of the peace whereof such warrant shall be so endorsed, to execute the said warvant in the same county or place, by apprehending the party or parties against whom such warrant shall have been granted, and to convey and bring such party or parties in safe custody before the said court of king's bench, or before the lord chief justice or any of the judges of the said court, to be further dealt with according to the directions of the said former act, and this present act.

XVI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Parties infor lawful to and for the party or parties against whom any such in raed asainft formation shall be exhibited as aforesaid, (not being attached), n^ed°or"to to surrender himself or themselves in the said court of king's jjndbailt bench at. any time during the sitting of the said court, to be dealt

with according to the directions of the said former act, and this present act, or if the said court shall not be sitting, unto the said' lord chief justice, or any other of the judges of the said court; and that when and so often as any such party or parties shall surrender himself or themselves out of court as aforesaid, or shall, during any vacation, or when the said court shall not be sitting, be attached and brought before the said lord chief justice, pr Other judge, under any warrant or attachment issued by virtue of

R r a V the

592 Anno vicesimo fextogeorgii III C 57. [1786.

the said former act or this present act, the said lord chief justice, or other judge, shall and may order such party or parties to stand committed to theprison of the Matjhalfea^ or to the tower of londotiyot to the gaol of Newgcte, at the discretion of the said lord chief justice or other judge, there to be detained until he or they shall be delivered by due courfeoflaw, or until he or they, together with two Sufficient Sureties, shall have entered into a recognisance unto the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum of money, and with such condition for his appearance, and for Submitting to the judgement to be pronounced in and upon such information, as the said lord chief justice, or other judge, shall, in his discretion, order and dire. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to order any person in custody, under the provisions of this act, to be from time to time brought up and remanded in such manner as to the said commissioners shall seem meet.

Mode of pro XVII And be it further enacted. That when and so often a ceedtngr when any party or parties, against whom any such information as afore fcond* ^ said ^hibited, not be attached, or shall not have

Surrendered as aforesaid, and proof shall be made, by any affidavit or affidavits, to the satisfaction of the Said court of king's bench, that such party or parties is or are beyond the feasor that, upon inquiry at his or their usual place or places of abode, or last known place or places of refideoce in Great Britain he or they could not be found, and that there is just ground to believe that such party or parties is or are gone, or doth or do continue out of the realm, or doth or do otherwise abscond, to avoid being attached to answer the matters charged in and by such information; then, and in such case, the said court shall and may make a rule or order, directing and appointing such party or parties to surrender himself or themselves in the said court, or to the lord chief justice, or one of the other judges of the said court, at a certain day in and by such rule or order to be limited and expressed, at the discretion of the Said court; and a copy of such rule or order shall, within twenty days after the making thereof, be inserted three Several times in the London Gazette \ and another copy of such rule or order shall, within the time aforesaid, be affixed in some conspicuous and pubjick place in the India house: and if the said party or parties shall not surrender himself or themselves respectively, according to the tenor of such rule or order, within the time therein to be limited for that purpose, or within such further time as the said court shall appoint or direst (which the said court is hereby empowered to do, op application being made on the behalf of such party or parties, if the said court shall see cause), then, on proof being made of the publication of such rule or order in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, by rule and leave of the said court (which rule and leave the said court is hereby empowered to grant) to cause an appearance, and the plea of not guilty, to be entered for such party or parties charged by the said information p

593

1786.]: Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57.

and the said information shall thereupon proceed as if the party or parties had appeared and pleaded not guilty thereto.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Notice of all cases where the plea of not guilty shall be entered for the trial to be party or parties defendant or defendants to any information, by Slven* the prosecutor or prosecutors thereof, by virtue and according to

the directions of this alit shall be sufficient, in order to the hearing and determining of such information, for such prosecutor or prosecutors to give fourteen days notice of the day appointed for the trial thereof, by advertisement in the London Gazette; any law, usage, or practice, to the contrary notwithstandiftg.

XIX And be it further enacted. That if any party or par Judgement to ties charged by any such information as aforesaid, shall make de ^ecfb^the1" fault in his or their persona! appearance, at the pronouncing of commission. judgement, in the matter of such information, by and before the ere, though said special commissioners; it nevertheless shall and may be law the parties full for the said commissioners to pronounce judgement upon do not appear, such information, in the same manner as if the said party or

parties was or were personally present; and every such judgement shall be as valid, effectual, and conelusive, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the said party or parties had been personally present at the pronouncing thereof; xany law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX And be it further enacted, That whenever the party or Parties dur parties charged by any such information shall personally appear becommittcs. before the said special commissioners, on the hearing or trial

thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special commissioners, at any time during thecourfe of such trial, to order such party or parties to stand committed to the prison of the Marshalsea, or to the tower of Londony or to the gaol of Newgate, at the discretion of the said special cqmmissioners, there to be detained until judgement shall be pronounced in the matter of the said information, unless he or they shall be previously delivered or discharged by the rule or order of the said commissioners.

XXI And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Difturbersof fons shall be guilty of any contempt or disturbance in the court ajjfo com ^ the said commissioners, during the sitting of the court, it shall mitted.

and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to order such person or persons to be taken into custody, by any officer or officers to be appointed by the said commissioners to attend the said court, and to stand committed to the prison of the Marshalsea, or the gaol of Newgate, at their discretion, to be there kept for such time as the said commissioners shall order and * direct.

XXII And be it further enacted, That the judgements which Judgementsof

shall be made and pronounced by the said special commissioneis, loners" ?o^be according to the directions, and under the authority of the said executed by recited adfr, and this present at, shall, when and so soon as the the court of fard judgements and other proceedings shall have been delivered king'* bench, over, by the register to the said commissioners, to the clerk of to be final.

R r 3 the

$94 Ann vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57. {1786.

the crown in the said court of king's bench, otherwise called The Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King, or The Master of the Crown Office in the said court), in the manner directed by the said former act, be executed and enforced by the authority of the said court of king's bench, and such proceedings to outlawry, and other proceedings, against the several and respective defendants thereto, shall and may be had thereon, in the like manner as, according to the course and practice of the said court, may be had upon judgement made and pronounced by the said court; and the judgements of the said special commissioners shall be final and conelusive, to all intents and purposes whatever, and (hail not bearrested, deseated, reversed, or avoided, or liable to be arrested, deseated, reversed, or avoided, for or by reafpn or means of any error, desect, or want of form in any such judgement, or in the information whereon the same shall be given or pronouneed, or in the award of any process thereon, or in the record of the issue for the trial thereof; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted and declar thi8, orthe ed. That nothing in the said recited act, or in this present act recited act, contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive personsofany therprofeoutor or prosecutors of any such information as afore right they are fd, or the party or parties defendant or defendants thereto!, of entitled to by any right, liberty, benefit, pr ad vantage, to which, by the law jaw, etc. of the land, or the rules of practice of the court of king's.bench, such prosecutor or prosecutors, defendant or defendants, is or are, or would, could, or might have been entitled, upon any other information of a like nature, depending in the said court of king's bench, before issue in joined therein; nor to prevent or reftrid the said court of king's bench from exercising any such power or authority as would, could, or might have been legally exercised by the said court of king's bench, in the matter of any such information, before issue in joined therein, if the said former act, or this present act, had not been made; anything in the said former act, or this present act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

'mode of pro XXIV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the ee*din8j party or parties charged by any such information as aforesaid, murrersare enter a demurrer to such information, and such demurrer

entered, shall he overruled by the said court of king's bench., such party "or parties shall, within eight days next after the said court shall - have given judgement on such demurrer, unless a writ of error shall be brought thereon, and then within eight days next after such judgement shall be affirmed, or such writ of error shall be nonpros'd, enter the plea of not guilty to such information, or, in default thereof, the said plea of not guilty shall and may be entered, for and in the name or names of such party or parties, by his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor; and the said information shall proceed in the like manner as if no demurrer had been entered thereto; any law, or the ufege or practice of the said court to the contrary notwitbfianding.

XXV Pro

59s

L Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57.

XXV Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared.

That if his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor or Informations prosecutors of any such information, shall be desirous of having my be deter the same proceeded in, tried, and determined in the said court ^urtofking'a of king's bench, and hall move the said court for that purpose, bench, then, and in every such case, the said court shall grant a rule

or order for retaining such information in the said court, and the said information shall be accordingly retained by the said court of king's bench, and shall be heard, tried, adjudged, and determined by the said court of king's bench, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as an information of the like nature would, could, or might have been proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined, in and by the said court, in case the said former actor this present act had not been made; anything in the said former actor this present act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That whenever the party How fines, or parties, against whom any such information shall have been etc are exhibited as aforesaid, shall be adjudged to pay a fine or fines to recotere his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and also whenever any recognisance or recognizances entered into under the said former

actor this present act, shall become forfeited, the said court of king's bench, or, in case the said court shall not be then sitting, the lord chief justice of the same court, shall and grey forthwith, at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, deliver to the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the court of exchequer, an eftreat of the fine or fines, recognisance or recognizances, so adjudged or become forfeited respectively as aforesaid; and the said lord chief baron, or other of the said barons, shall thereupon, at the requisition of the said attorney general, or other prosecutor, authorise and direct the proper officer of the same court to award, and such officer

shall accordingly forthwith award, under the seal of the same court, one or more special writ or writs of extendi facias and capias, or other special process, against the said party or parties adjudged to pay such fine or fines, or the principal or principals, and sureties, in such recognisance or recognizances respectively, and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, and * effects, directed into such county or counties, cities, places, or liberties, to the proper (fieriffs, or other officers of the same respectively, for the due execution thereof, as the said attorney general, or other prosecutor, shall desire or require in that behalf; and if such party gr parties, or such principal or principals, and sureties, or any of them shall have, or be seized or possessed of, or entitled to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, estate, or effects, situate, lying, or being within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or mall be resident in that part of the said united kingdom, then, and in either of such cases, his majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, or, when the said court shall not be sitting, the lord chief ifgrort, or any other of the herons of the said court of .exchequer

Rr in

59^ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57. [1786.

in Scotland, upon a copy or transcript of the eftreat of such fine or fines, recognisance or recognizances, being sent' or transmitted into the same court, or delivered to the said lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the same cdurt, from and under the seal of the court of exchequer m England, or under the hand and seal of the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons thereof, (and which copy or transcript the said court of exchequer in England, or, when the said court shall not be sitting, the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the same court, is and are hereby required, at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, to send and transmit accordingly), shall and may forthwith, at the instance of the said attorney general, or other prosecutor, carry on such proceedings, and award such and the like process and proceftes as is and are competent by the lav of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for recovery of debts due to the crown. f

Mode of re XXVII And be it further enabled. That if it shall at any fromo ert§ mace appear, to the satisfaction of the said court of

in°t™epeaftein exchequer in England, at the instance of his majesty's attorney dies, when the general, or other prosecutor, by motion in the said court on his effetfs in Bri or their behalf, that such party or parties, principal or princi tam are infus pals, or sureties, as aforesaid, or any of them, have no lands, cient* tenements, or other estate or effects in Great Britain, or that the same (if any) are not sufficient to answer the sum or sums forfeited by such recognisance or recognizances, or due for such fine or fines, respectively, and that such party of parties, principal or principals, or sureties, or any of them, shall have, or be seized or poflfefied of, or entitled to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, estate, or effects, within any of the British pofleftions in the Edjl Indies, respectively, (the said sum or sums, fine or fines, not being paid and satisfied), then, and in every such case, the said court of exchequer shall and may, by rule or order of the said court, cause one or more transcript or transcripts of the eftreats of the said recognisance or recognizances, fine or fines, to be sealed with the seal of the said court, or to be otherwise attested, as the said court shall direct, and the same, so sealed or attested, shall be closed up under the seals of any two of the barons of the said court, directed to the supreme court of judicature in Bengal, and to the mayor's courts at Madras and Bombay, ox to any or either of the said courts, as the case shall or may require; and the same shall be delivered by the said barons, or one of them, to such agent or agents as the prosecutor or prosecutors shall nominate or appoint for that purpose; which agent or agents (or, in the case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come), shall deliver such transcript or transcripts to one of the judges of the said supreme court, or mayor's courts, respectively, as the case may be or require, and make oath that he or they did receive the same from the hands of one of the said barons (or in what other manner the same came into his or their hands), and that the

same

597

j; s6.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 57*

same hath not, or have not, been opened or altered since he or they To respectively received the same, (which oath any of the said judges of any of the said courts in India are hereby authorised and required to administer); and thereupon such tranfcrfpt or transcripts shall be filed and recorded in such of the said courts in India to which the same shall be so directed, as the case may require j and, upon motion to be made in such courts or court for that purpose, for and on the behalf of such prosecutor, or prosecutors, the like process and proceedings shall and may, from time to time, be awarded and had, by and in the said supreme court of judicature, and the said mayor's courts at Madras and Bombay, respectively, or any or either of them, against the lands, ‘tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, estate, and effects of the said party or parties, principal or principals, and sureties, within the limits of the jurisdictions of such respective courts in the East Indies, as might or could have been awarded or had in the said court of exchequer in England, against the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, estates, and effects of the same party or parties, principal or principals, or sureties, in England; and the same shall be valid and effectual, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIIL And whereas it is by the said recited alt enafied, That Recital of a & in all cases of informations laid or exhibited, by virtue of the said afty 24 e' j*c# in the court of king's bench, for misdemeanours or offences committed in %*9 € *

India, it shall be lawful for the said court to award a writ or writs of mandamus to the chief justice and judges of the supreme court of Fort William, or the judges of the mayor s court of any of the british settlements in India, as the case may require, who are thereby respectively authorised and required accordingly tox hold a court for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in such informations refpe lively y and that such examination Shall be then and there openly takeny and reduced into writings in manner therein mentioned, and sent to his Majesty, in his court of king's bench, closed upy and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the said supreme courts and that one or more of the judges of the said supreme court Shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same which said agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same Shall come) Shall deliver the same to one of the clerks in court cf his Majesty's court of king's bench, in the public office, and make oath that he received the same from the hands of one or more of the judges of such court in India (or in what manner the same came into his bands j, and that the same hath not been opened or altered since he so received the same: and whereas a doubt may arifey whether such examinations as may be taken by the judges of the mayor's court in any of the British settlements in India, by force and virtue of the said alls may be lawfully sent, closed up, under the seals of the same judges, and whether any one or more of the same judges is or are im powered to deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party requiring the same 1 be it therefore enacted. That every examina examinations

C tion in India to be

59«

scaled op and given to the agents of the parties, to be delivered to the clerks of the king's bench.

terfqns refluent in .India amenable to the courts there.

Governor, etc. of Fort Saint George, etc. to have juris diction in all matters civil and criminal.

So much of recited a as relates to delivery asia

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 57. [1786.

tfon which shall or may be had or taken by the judges of the mayor's court of any of the British settlements in India by force and virtue of the said act (being reduced into writing, as in the said act is directed or mentioned) shall be sent to his Majesty, in his court of king's bench, closed up, and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the mayor's court of any of the Brttijh settlements in India, and one or more of the judges of the same court shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same; which said agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the clerks of his majesty's court of king's bench, in the public office, and make such or the like oath as is in and by the said act diredfced and prescribed; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX And be it further enacted. That as well the servants of the said united company, as all other of his majesty's subjects resident or to be resident in India shall be, and are hereby declared to be amenable to the courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and courts of general or quarter sessions of the peace, in any of the British settlements in India for all mureters, feionics, homicides, manflaugliters, burglaries, rapes of women, perjuries, confederacies, riots, routs, retainings, oppressions, trespasses, wrongs, and other misdemeanours, offences, and injuries whatsoever, by them done, committed, or perpetrated, or to be by them hereafter done, committed, or perpetrated, in any of the countries or parrs of Asia, Africa, or America, beyond the Cape of Good Hope to the Straights of Magellan, within the limits of the exclusive trade of the said united company, whether the same shall have been done, committed, or perpetrated, or shall hereafter be done, committed, or perpetrated, against any of his majesty's subjects, or against any other person or persons whatever.

XXX And be it further enabled and declared, That the governor or president and council of Fort Saint George for the time being, in their courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and quarter, or general sessions of the peace, and also the mayor's court at Madras, according to their several and respective judicatures, shall have cognizance and jurisdiction, as well civil as criminal, over all British subjects whatsoever, who now reside or shall hereafter reside within any of the forts, fa&ories, towns, lands, or territories, in the possession of the said united company, on the coast of Coromandel, or in any other part of the Carnatic, or in the five northern circars, including those parts of the said circars which lie within the kingdom or province of Orixa, or within any of the dominions or territories of the fpubah of the Deckan^ the nabob of Amt or the rajah of Tanjore.

XXXI And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited act as requires or directs any person or persons now being, or who may hereafter be, ip the service of the said united

company

"

iy86.] Anno vicesmo facto Georgii 1h. C 57. 599

company in India to deliver any particular or inventory of his ventories of or their lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts, securities for effects, etc. money, and other real and personal estate and property, or as repeaed* subjects any such person or persons to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture for any neglect or omission therein, or for any untrue specification of his or their estates or properties, or as directs any allowance or reward to be made or given to any person making discovery of any estate or property concealed, or not specified, disclosed, or described, by any such particular or inventory as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXII And whereas [unity acts of parliament have been heretofore made and are now in force for securing the whole [ole and exclusive trade into, and from the East Indies, and all places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, to the said united company, by which said alls or some of them, the offenders against the same are made subjefi and liable to diverse punishments forfeitures and penalties in the said a fts respectively mentioned which offences may be prosecuted, and the f aid forfeitures and penalties sued for and recovered in some or one of his Majeflfs courts of record at Westminster: and whereas it may be necessary and proper, in certain cases, that the [aid offences should be prosecuted, and the said forfeitures and penalties sued for and recovered in the courts ofjujlice in the East Indies : be it therefore enacted, That all of From Jan. r fences which shall be committed after the first day of January 1787, oflfencet one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, against any law ffwsfor fe now in force for securing the exclusive trade in, to, and from curing the the East Indies, and places aforesaid, to the said united company, east-india and all forfeitures and penalties to be incurred after the said trade may be first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty East Indies seven, for illicitly trading or for being in the East Indies, or doing any other act against the said laws or statutes, or any of them, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in the supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal or in the respective mayor's courts of Fort Saint George and Bombay, in like manner as the same can or, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record at weji minfler * and it hall and may be lawful for the said respective courts in the East Indies to pass and give the like judgement, in such prosecutions, actions, and suits, as might be passed and given, for the like matter, cause, or thing, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster* and to carry such judgements into execution, and to order any offender or offenders, after conviction for any such offence, to be sent and conveyed to Great Britain: * anything contained in any of the said acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII And be it further enacted, That when any ship, caufesoffei vessel, goods, merchandise, or other effects, shall be seized in sure may be the East Indies, or other parts within the limits of the said th^etftt^11 company's exclusive trade, under the authority or for the use Q"

of the said united company,, for or by reason of any forfeiture incurred, or suggested to have been incurred, by the owner or

owners

*

expired, fub je to the penalties of unlicenied persons.

Q * vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0*57. [1786.

owners thereof, under any of the laws or statutes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said supreme court, or either of thetaid mayor's courts, to hear and determine the cause of fitch seizure, or any matter of complaint concerning the same, and to proceed to condemnation or restoration of the property and effects so seized, and to give judgement thereon, and to carry such judgement into execution, in like manner as his majesty's court of exchequer could or might have done, if such seizure had been made in any port or place in England any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV And whereas doubts have arisen, whether such persons resident within the limits of the said company's excluftve trade, whose licences Shall. have expired, or who Shall have ceased to be employed in the service of the said company, are subjefl to the several regulations provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, by any att or atts of parliament .made or imposed touching such persons as Shall go to, traffic, trade, or adve7iture in, or be or be found within the limits aforesaid, contrary to the prohibitions and restrictions in the said several alls con

Persons whose tained; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and licences have every person and persons whose licence or licences to go to, or trade, traffic, or reside within, the limits aforesaid, shall have ceased and determined, or who shall have been dismissed from, or resigned the said company's service, and shall be found within the limits aforesaid after such time as shall be allowed by the governor and council of the respective presidencies in India wherein such person or persons shall be found, hall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be subject to all the provisions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures by any act or acts made or imposed upon any person or persons who shall repair, fail, or go to, or traffic, trade, or adventure in, or be or be found in any place within the limits aforesaid, without licence having been obtained from the said company, or without having been in the said company's service.

XXXV And be it further enacted, That the powers and authorities in and by the said acts, and every or any of them, given, granted, or provided, for taking, arresting, seizing, remitting, sending, or bringing to England, any person or persons being in the East Indies, or in the limits or parts aforesaid

-. to the provisions of the said acts, or of this act, and

etci° for seizing any ships, vessels, goods, or effects, made liable to

seizure by the said company by any law now in force, shall and may be enforced and put in execution by, or by the order and authority of the governor-general and council of Bengal, or the president and council of Fort saint.george and Bombay, respectively, or by any resident at any other of the British fettiements in tfre East Indies, for the time being, respectively, or by, or by the order and authority of the company's council of supercargoes for the time being, at the town or fadtory. of Canton, within the said town or fadtory, and upon the river of Canton, and by such other person or persons as shall, from time to time, be specially deputed and authorised for that purpose by the

court

Powers of

seizing, etc. tmlicenfed persons and hips, may be exercised by the governor,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL 0*57. 601

court of directors of the said company for the time being, in the name of the said company.

XXXVI Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted

and declared. That no person now being in the East Indies or Persons to other parts within the limits of the company's exclusive trade, ^ and who shall not have had notice given to him, by the order notbte^gi^f or authority of the said court of directors, or by the governor en, may congeners! and council of Fort William, or the governor or prefi tinue in the dent and council of Fort Saint George or Bombay, before the paf Indies till Jan. sing of this act, to remove or withdraw himself from the said 1% 17 * parts and limits, shall, before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, be liable to be arrested, seized, or brought to England, under the authority of this act, on account of his going to, or tracting, traffieking, redding, or being found in the East Indies, or parts aforesaid, without licence or other lawful authority in that behalf; to the intent that every such person may have a reasonable time to settle and adjust his private affairs; anything in this act, or in any other ad, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the go Governor!, * vernor general and council of Fort William, and the governor ™"at!licencci and council of Fort Saint George and Bombay, and the resident for two ycarg at Fort Marlborough, within their respective presidencies or LI from Jan. 1, mits, to grant licences, in their discretion respectively, under *737* their hands and seals, to any of his majesty's subjects now resident, in the presidencies or places aforesaid, for permitting such subjects respectively, or any of them, to remain and continue to trade or reside within the said presidencies, or other places aforesaid, (such person or persons not being, by reason of his or their holding any office or employment, offices or employments, or in any other manner, disabled, or prohibited from trading in the East Indieor parts aforesaid, by any act or acts now in force), for any term not exceeding two years, to be computed from the first day bf January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the persons receiving such licences first entering into the like covenants as are ufuatly entered into by persons licensed by the said company, or such other reasonable covenants as shall be directed by the court of diredors of the said company for the time being; and that all and every of such licences shall be of the same force and efsect, during the term for which the same shall be so lawfully granted, (unless the same shall be sooner revoked by the said court of diredors, or by the governors and councils of the said respective presidencies in India, who are hereby authorised, in their discretion, to revoke and determine the same), as if such licences had been granted under the seal of the said company; anything in this act, or in any former act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII And be it further enacted. That if any suit or action shall be brought or commenced against the said company, or any of their servants, or against any persons acting by

/ -

6ot Anno vicesimo fext&georgri III e. 57. \ijt6.

their authority, for the recovery of any costs or damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, feizktg, imprisoning, sending, or bringing to England, of any person or persons found in the East Indies, or other parts aforesaid, within the limits of the said company's., exelufive trade, or as not being authorised to reside or traf&ck there, the defendant or defendants to such suit or General issue. action shall and may plead the general ifltie, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence \ and the proof shall lie on the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the trial of the iitue, to (hew that at the time or times of arresting or seizing such person or persons respectively, for the cause aforesaid, in the manner in which the same shall be laid or charged to have been done, in and by the declaration or declarations in such suits or actions, the person or persons so arrested or seized was or were in the military or marine service of the. king's majesty, his heirs or successors, or was or were under covenant to serve the said company in India, or was or were duly possessed of a licence or licences in writing, authorising him or them to go to or reside and traffic in India, or other the said parts and limits, or that the person or persons (not being in his majesty's service) was or were, at the time or times of his or their being so seized or arrested entitled or authorised, by the stipulations of such covenants or licences refpedhvejy, to remain and continue in India, or other the parts and limits aforesaid $ in failure of such proof, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfurted, and in such case, or in any other case wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such suit or action shall become nonsuited, or wherein judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdict shall pass for the defen treble costs. dant or defendants, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded, to be paid by the refpe$ive plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit or action; any law, statute, or provision, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII And whereas great difficulties % expense, and delayy often arise in giving proof in Great Britain, of the execution of bonds and other deeds and writings, executed and witnessed by persons rejident in the East Indies y and the like difficulties, expense 9 and delay, also arise in giving proof in the East Indies, of the execution of bonds, and other deeds and writings, executed and witnessed . by persons rejident in Great Britain; for remedy thereofy be it en edin th^east a<^e^ That whenever any bond, or other deed or writing, exe indies shall be cuted in the East Indies, and attested by any person or persons evidence in resident there, shall be offered in evidence in any of the courts Britain, and of justice in Great Britain, it shall be sufficient to prove, by one onpniofofthe or more crc^ible witness or witncffes, that the name or names hand writing subscribed to such bond, deed, or writing, purporting to be of ef the parties, the hand or hands writing of the obligor or obligors to such bond, or of the party or parties to such deed or writing,, is or are of the proper hand writing or hands writing of such obligor or obligors, party or parties, respectively, and that the name or names fet and subscribed of the witness or witncffes attesting the

execution

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georon Ilf. £.5$.

execution of the same, respectively, is or are of the proper hand, or hands writing of the witness or witnesses so attesting the same, and that such witness or witnesses is or are resident in the East Indies \ and, in like manner, all courts of justice in the East Indies shall admit the like proof of the execution of bonds and other deeds and writings executed in Great Britain) and witnessed by any person or persons resident in Great Britain z and such proofs shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and sufficient evidence of the due execution of such bonds, and other deeds and writings, as if the witness or witnesses thereto was or were dead,

XXXIX And be it further enacted, That this a d shall be Public deemed and taken to be a public ad, and shall take place and have commencement in Great Britain, immediately after the commence same shall have received his Majesty royal assent; and shall talee ment thereof place and have commencement in and throughout the East Indies and parts within the limits of the exclusive trade granted to the said company, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

CAP. LVIII

An act for procuring upon oath returns of all charitable donations for the benefit of poor persons, in the fever at parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS it is proper that the legislature, who are dir eft ing inquiries into the state and condition of the poor, Should be informed of the several charitable donations for the use and benefit of poor persons; which information cannot be effectually obtained without the aid and ajfifiance of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comnftons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a sufficient number of printed copies of this act, and also of the schedule hereunto annexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing hereof, be transmitted, by George White esquire, one of the clerks attending the house of commons, to the clerks of the peace of every county, riding, division, city, liberty, soke, franchise, town corporate, and place, having clerks of the peace, in England and Wales; and that the said several clerks of the peace shall, and they are hereby required, with allconvenient speed, not exceeding fourteen days after receiving the same, to cause a sufficient number of the schedule to this act annexed to be delivered together with a printed copy of this act, to every high constable, or, where there shall be no high constable, to such other proper officer who hath the execution of precepts from justices of the peace within such respective jurisdictions, and also to the town clerks or other proper officers of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in which quarter sessions of the peace are

- ufuajly

Preamble.

Printed copies of this act to be transmitted to the clerks of the peace, to be distributed amongst the high constables, etc

30gle

L

604 Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii III c.58. [17$6.

usually held, situate within the county, riding, division, city, liberty, soke, franchise, town corporate, and place, for which the said clerk of the peace or town clerk shall refpe&iyely act; and the said clerks of the peace and town clerks shall, and are hereby required to receive the same, and also to receive the answers and returns to be made by the ministers and churchwardens, or other persons, pursuant to the directions herein after given: and the said town clerks and other officers shall, as too a as conveniently may be after receiving the said answers and re returns made urns, subscribe and deliver the same to the said several clerks by the mini of the peace from whom they received the schedule; and the fters and said several clerks of the peace shall transmit such answers and

den^tobe* returns to the clerk of the parliaments, with all convenient

transmitted to fpee^j order that the same may be inspected by the parliament, the clerk of upon pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or default, a sum not ex the parlia ceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the diferetioq of ments. the justiceor justices before whom complaint thereofshall be made

Duty of the n. And be it further enacted, That the said high constables, ble8 etc ore town c^er^s5 or other proper officers To defer!bed as aforesaid, feribed. P shall receive from the said clerks of the peace the said acts and printed schedules, and shall, within seven days after the receipt thereof, attend two or more of the justices of peace acting within their respective limits, with some of the said printed schedules, and at the same time produce, (hew, and deliver to each of such justices one of the said printed acts and schedule, in order that they may appoint a convenient time and place foi the meeting herein after directed; and the said justices are hereby required to appoint the same, and to sign the precept contained in the said schedule, as herein after mentioned; and the said high constables, or other proper officers, after receiving such precept, shall fill up the blank in the precept, in every schedule, directing the time and place of the meeting, in like manner as they shall be appointed and filled up by the said justices, and shall, with all convenient speed, deliver, or cause to be delivered, one or more of such schedule to the rector, vicar, or officiating minister, and also to the churchwarden or churchwardens, chapelwarden or chapelwardens, in every parish, townftlip, or place, within their respective limits, and in places where there are no minister, churchwarden, or chapelwarden, to the overseer or overseers of the poor for such parish, township, or place, if any, and if there shall be no such overseer, to some substantial householder residing within the same, and shall also deliver to every such minister one of the printed copies of this act; and the said high constables, or other proper officers, shall subscribe their names at the foot of the precept contained in the said schedule, under the words there written for that purpose, before they deliver the same; and shall attend the said respective meetings foto be appointed by the justices, and then and there produce the said at, and receive the several answers and returns made by the minister and churchwarden, or other person before described, and endorse upon the back of each of them the

name

1786.3 Anno vlcefitpo sexto Georgii III C 58. 605

name of the hundred, riding, division, rape, wapentake, lathe, precindt, franchise, liberty, city, or town corporate,

wherein the said parish, township, or place, therein mentioned, is (ituate, and transmit the same, together with a true and perfect list of the names of the minister and churchwarden or cha pelwarden, overseer and householder, of every parish, township, and place, to whom such schedule had been delivered by them respectively as aforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace, at the then next Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace, or the adjournment thereof, (which adjournment the justices at such Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace are required to make to some convenient day within one calendar month after such Michaelmas quarter sessions, in cases where any such return shall not be made at the said Michaelmas quarter session); and every such high constable, or other proper officer, shall forfeit, for every default or neglect in the premises, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of thejustice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

III And be it further enacted, That the several justices of Justices to ap the peace, within their respective jurisdictions, to whom such porto Od:. schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall, as soon as 1786, for conveniently may be after receiving the lamd, and feeing the the attend ^ act, appoint a time and place, or times and places, (which ance of uuui* time or times shall be before the fifteenth day of October, one ^hurchwar thousand seven hundred and eighty fix), for the rector and dens, vicar, or, in their absence, for the officiating minister and churchwarden or chapelwarden, or for the overseer or substantial householder, where there shall be no churchwarden or chapelwarden

as aforesaid within their respective jurisdictions, to attend them at such meeting or meetings for the purposes of this act, with returns and answers to the questions stated in the said schedule; and two or more of the said justices shall, and are iiereby required to cause notice in writing to be given of such meeting to such minister, and churchwardens or chapelwardens„ overseers, or householder, respectively, by their precept, as hereinbefore directed, twenty-eight days at least before the day to be appointed for such meeting, requiring their attendance at such meeting for the purposes of this act; which precept shall be in the form or to the eftedt: contained in the said schedule.

IV And be it further enacted, That the minister and church Ministers, et?. warden, chapelwarden, overseer, or householder, as aforesaid,

of every such parish, township, and place, shall, and are hereby ^"writtenre required to attend the justices of the peace at such meeting or turn upon meetings, and then and there deliver to the said justices in writ oath, ing, signed by them, upon oath, a just and true account of all charitable donations which have been, according to the best of their knowledge and information, given, by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, within their respective parishes or places, distinguishing, as far as they are able, by whom, when, and in what manner, and for what purpose, given; likewise,

Vol. XXXV S s whether

6o6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 58, [1786:

whether such respective donations were in land or money, and in whom now vested, and what is the annual produce thereof, respectively; by way of answer and return to the said questions, as before directed.

Justices to V And be it further enabled. That the said justices of the turns etc and Peace and they are hereby also required, at such meeting administer an or meetings foto be appointed by them as aforesaid, to receive oath to the and take the answers and returns to be made by the minister minister, etc. and churchwardens, or chapelwardens, overseers, and householders, respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, and. then and there administer to them respectively the oath contained in the said schedule; and such justices, if they see cause, may, and they are hereby authorised to examine such minister, churchwarden, chapelwarden, overseer, and householder, respectively, upon oath, touching any of the matters contained in such questions and answers;; the said justices shall then deliver < such answers and returns to the respective clerks of the peace, or town clerks, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, in order that the same may be transmitted to the clerk of the parliaments, as is herein directed

Penalty on VI And be it further enacted, That every minister and for^egledt.10' churchwarden, or chapelwarden, overseer, or householder, as ® * aforesaid., making default in any of the matters hereby required,

shall, for every such neglect or default, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

a&toberead VII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be pub fumrre^quar read in open court, at the next Midsummer quarter feffi ' ter sessions ons f the peace, in every county, riding, division, city, liberty, wherever soke, franchise, town corporate, and place, where any general held, and in quarter sessions of the peace shall be held, and also by the church the °®ciating minister, in every parish church or chapel in that part Sunday next f Great Britain, called England, the first Sunday on which di after July 31, vine service shall be performed after the thirty first: day of Julyy 1786. one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, immediately after

Penalty on such service; and that in case any person or persons seized or making ais ny nor money which had, at any time before

covery of the said thirty first day of July, been conveyed or given, by lands or mo deed or will, to or for the use or benefit of any poor person or per ney. m their fons, shall wilfully neglect to make discovery thereof, on or be for charfuble ore le thirtieth day of September now next ensuing, to the purposes, pri minister, churchwarden, chapelwarden, overseer or householder, or to Sept. 30, of the parish or place where the persons live who are the objects s786.1 of such charity, he, (he, cr they so negledfing shall forfeit, for

every such neglect, a sum equal to one half of the value of the land or money so given as aforesaid, to be recovered by a6iion, ' bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the courts of great session in Wales, or in the courts of the counties palatine oi Cbejler, Lancaster, and Durham > one moiety of the said penalty or forfeiture to go to 9 the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 58. 607

the informer, or person suing for tljp same, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for such uses and purposes as he or they shall in their great wisdom direct.

VIII And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid Fees to be aland allowed, for the trouble and expense of the several persons lowed for each employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which return

shall be so made and transmitted to the clerk of the peace pur -- suant to the directions aforesaid, the sums following, and no more; videlicet:

To the clerk of the peace, for the return which shall be made To the clerk from every parish, township, or place, the sum of one shilling: of the peace. To the high constable, town clerk, or other proper officer. High confta for the like, the sum of one shilling and sixpence: ble, C 13.6d.

To the clerk of the justices of the peace, for the like, the justices sum of (ixpence. clerk, d.

And that the justices of the peace, at their respective quarter sessions which shall be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers, to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precinets, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, towns corporate, or places, herein before mentioned.

IX And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures and How penalties

penalties inflidcd by this act, where the method for recovering are to be thereof is hot hereby particularly directed, if not immediately anc

paid, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods

and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any justice having jurifclidion where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any), after the charge of such distress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such offender to the common gaoj, there to remain, without bail, or main prize, for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months, at the discretion of such justice, unless the said forfeitures and charges shall be sooner paid; and the said forfeitures and charges, when recovered, shall be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the said respective treasurers, in aid of the rates aforesaid; and any person shall be deemed a competent witness, for the execution of any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to contribute to such rates.

X And be it further enacted, That in case any person shall Persons make wilfully and corruptly make a false oath, touching any of the ingfalfe oaths matters contained in this act, and be thereof duly convicted, he

shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such comiptper pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons ccn jury, vided of wilful and corrupt perjury are liable to.

S s 2 SCHEDULE.

ai*no vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 58. [1786. SCHEDULE;

Questions, to which answers are to be returned, by virtue of art act, passed in the twerfty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act for procuring returns upon oatby of all charitable donations, for the benefit of poor per fonsy in the several pari/hes or places within that part of Great Britain called England.

Question the ift. What charitable donations have been given, by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, within your parish [or place]; by whom, when, in what manner, and for what particular purpose, were they given, to the belt of your knowledge, information, and belief?

Question the 2d. Were the said respective donations in land or money; in whom are they now vested, and what is the annual produce thereof respectively, to the best of your knowledge, information, and belief?

Form of the Oath,

you Shall fweary That the answers and return now made by ypuy ^ to the quejlions contained in the schedule hereunto annexedy are full and true answers to the said quejlionsy to the befi of your know ledgey informationy and belief

The RETURN to be annexed to the schedule, and endorsed by the high constable, town clerk, or other proper officer, receiving returns from the justices: Thus;

ANSWERS returned to the questions in the schedule annexed, from the parish [or place] of in the hundred [rape, wapentake, lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, division, city, town corporate, or place] of [as the case may be] the day of

ANS WERS to the First Question.

Name of the per son who gave the Charity. When given. Whether by Will or Deed. For what Purpose given.

/

ANSWERS

iy 86.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 6. 58.

ANSWERS to the Second Question.

Whether in Land or Money. In whom now vested. Amount of in Money. Annual Produce.

L S. d. £ S. d.

PRECEPT to the high constable, etc. [as the case Shall be] m appointing a day and place for taking the answers and returns, and requiring the attendance of the minister and churchwardens, etc.

County, etc. 1 To the constable [or town clerk, etc.] of

5^. ' £ [or ] within the hundred, [division, liberty,

to wi. j city, Qjr town QS caje may fcj Of jn

said county, etc. [as the case Shall be],

IN order to carry into execution an at, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for procuring returns, upon oath, of all charitable donations given by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, in the several parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England, you are hereby required, with all convenient speed, to give, or cause to be given, notice to the redtors and vicars, or officiating ministers, churchwardens, and chapelwardens, of every parish within your district aforesaid; and, in places where there shall be no officiating minister, churchwarden, or chapel warden, to the overseer or overseers of the poor \ and if no overseer, to some substantial householder of such place, by delivering to each of them a printed copy of the schedule to the said act, with the time and place for the meeting filled up in the precept as herein appointed, that they are required to appear at on the day of next, at the hour of in the forenoon, then and there to deliver, upon oath, a just and true account of all charitable donations given by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, within their respective parishes and places, distinguishing, as far as may be, by whom, when, and in what manner, and for what purpose, given; likewise, whether such respective donations were in land or money, and in whom they are now vested, and what is the annual produce thereof respectively, on pain of forfeiting a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, for every neglect or

S s 3 default.

io Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786.

default. Given under our hands, the day of ja

the year of our Lord

The above precept contains the notice I am directed to give * yu

[Here the officer, required to give the notice, is to fubjbibe bis Name.]

NB. The high constables, town clerks, or other proper officers before they deliver the schedule, are required to fill up the blanks which lhew the appointment of the day and place for the meeting, in the manner they are filled up by the justices who signed the precept.

The following list, when made out, must be signed by the high constable, C

List of the names of the minister and churchwardens or cha pelwardens, overseers, and householders, [as the case shall be], of every parish, township, or place, to whom I have delivered the schedule, pursuant to the directions of this acct.

CAP. LIX

An act for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the management of the commissioners of ex cife.,

Preamble. Wf H E R E A S by an act, made in the eighteenth year of the VV reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, Recital of 18 An acct for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon Geo. a. C 9. all wines imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain and sum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein

mentioned, to be charged on the said additional duties), it ivas enacted, That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one; thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and9poundage, and all other subsidies and impositions whatsoever, due or. payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any discount or deduction inwards, or drawback upon the exportation afterwards; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine which Should be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or leffier quantity \ and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum offour pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lejjet* quantity: and also by another act, made in the third year of the reign A & 3 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting to his Mats 1*4 and jesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for rising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the said

duties).

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. Cn

duties), it was enacted, That, from and after the thirty first day of March, one thousand even bundled and six ty three, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and other impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any act or adds Gf parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any dijcount or deduction inwards, or drawback upon re exportation afterwards; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine which Should he imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity; and aljo for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum offour pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity: and also by another act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional Act 18 Geo, 3 duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom), it C i \ was enacted. That, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thousand feveti hundred and seventy eight, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any discount or deduction inwards whatsoever, or any drawback upon re exportation afterwards, except as therein after was provided; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine which Should be imported into this kingdom, the Jum of eight pounds and eight shillings, and so after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity \ and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds and four billings, and so after that rate for any greater or lejfer quantity : and whereas, by virtue of another act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a6ti9geo.3. additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under, 25; and the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain), an additional impofi or duty, after the rate of five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the said additional impositions, rates, or duties, so by the said in part recited acts imposed on French wine and other wines as aforesaid; and also by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting a 20 Geo. 3. to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar C 305 and imported into this kingdom), it was enacted. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand feveti hundred and eighty, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and impositions whatsoever, due and payable for all wines imported into Great Britain by any act or acts of parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any dif

S $ 4 count

i Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [ 1786.

ar deduction inwards whatsoever; f rto ij to fayj, mry

tofi French wine which Should he imported into this kingdom, the Jum of eight pounds, yi after that rate for any greater or lesser

quantity; and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the Jum of four pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity; and that the said additional duties thereby granted Should be also subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, as in the said act is mentioned: and whereas, by virtue of another att, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his said present Majesty, (intituledan act for granting C to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several

duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain), an additional impostor duty, after the rate of five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the said additional impositions, rates, or duties, Jo by the said in part recited acts imposed on French wine and other wines as afore said, except and exclufwe of the additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, commonly called The Impost one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, which was granted by 1 an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain) : and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said additional impositions, rates, or duties herein before particularly mentioned, and by the said in part recited acts imposed on French wine and other wines respectively as aforesaid, and also the said additional impofls or duties so charged as aforesaid upon the produce and amount thereof; and in lieu thereof to grant unto his Majesty the several inland duties hereinafter mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia from July 5, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from 1786, the ad an(j after tfre fifth fiay of July, one thousand seven hundred and onw^nes be 3 eighty fix the said additional impositions, rates, or duties herein fore specified before particularly mentioned, and by the said in part recited to cease. acts imposed on French wine and other wines respectively as aforesaid, and also the said additional imposts or duties so charged as aforesaid upon the produce and amount thereof, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

II And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, From July jr, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand 1786, the fol seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be railed, levied, col to'b*e^aid^for anc pad unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over

wines unport and above ajl fubfjdies of tonnage and poundage, and all other d. subsidies.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59.

subsidies, duties, and impositions whatsoever (not repealed by this act) due and payable for any wine imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, the several inland duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of thirty-five pounds fourteen Shillings, and so after that rate for any greater or letter quantity; and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into Great Britain, the sum of seventeen pounds seventeen Shillings, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity: provided always. That nothing in this a d contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make chargeable with the said duties hereby imposed, or any of them, any wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants.or importers thereof shall refuse to pay or secure the duties, and which, by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for the improvement of his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise and inland duties), are on such reiufal directed to be received inro the custody of the proper officers of the cuffoms, to be publicldy sold in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management of the comrniflioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall aiiie in Scotland, shall be under the management of the com mi limners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That within twenty days next after the matter or purser for that voyage, of the ship or vessel wherein any foreign wine shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, shall have or ought to have made a just and true entry or report upon oath of the burden, contents, and lading of such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty customs), the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, of any such foreign wine, shall make due entry with the collector of excise, ir the port or place where such wine shall be so imported, of all such wine, on board of such ship or vessel, belonging'to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, Ipecitying in such entry, if such wine be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine, and if such wine be foreign wine other than French wine, whether the same is foreign white wine or foreign red wine, not French; and shall then, and before the landing of any such wine, satisfy and p3y the duties by this act imposed on such wine, and shall also, within such twenty days, land all such wine; and if such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees shall

negleil

613

For French wine, 35i.143* per tonne:

for other wines, 17k 17s. per tonne.

Not to extend to damaged wines, which are to be foldt to make brandy, C

Duties to be under the management or the excise

If within to days after entry (hold be made of the vessel, according to act 13 & 14 Car. C 11. due entry of the wine be not made at the port of.impor tation, cit may be conveyed to the king's ware house, and in three month foid, ifthe duties, C be not paid

'Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786.

neglect or refuse to make due entry, or to pay such duties, or to land any such wine within such twenty days, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the customs or excise to convey such wine, together with the calks, bottles, and packages containing the same, tp his majesty's warehouse dr warehouses, for security as well of the said duties by this at imposed on fudh wine, as also all other duties due or payable in re fpedfc of such wine; and if as well the said duties by this act imposed on such wine, as all other duties due or payable in respect of such wine, shall not be fully paid and satisfied within the space of three months from the time such wine shall be so conveyed to such warehouse or warehouses, the said respective commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, for the time being (in case such wine shall be so conveyed to such warehouse or warehouses by any officer or officers of the customs), and the said respective commissioners of excise, of the major part of them, for the time being (in case such wine shall be so conveyed to such warehouse or warehouses by any officer or officers of excise), shall and may cause such wine, casks, bottles, and packages to be publicly sold to the best bidder, at such places as the said respective commissioners of the customs or excise, as the case may require, shall think proper, for and towards satisfying as well the said duties hereby imposed on such wine, as all other duties due or payable in respect of such wine, and also the costs, charges, and expenses attending the conveying of such wine, casks, bottles, and packages, to such warehouse or warehouses, and of the keeping and sale.of such wine, calks, bottles, and packages; and if the money arising from the sale thereof shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the duties hereby imposed, and all the money due or payable for the custom duties for and in respect of such wine, together with such costs, charges, and expenses, the re fpe&ive receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in case the said respective commissioners of the customs, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said refpetftivjc commissioners ot excise so much of such excess or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the duties hereby imposed on such wine; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs so much of such excess or surplus as will be Efficient to satisfy the money due or payable for the custom duties for or in refpetft of such wine; and the overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons authorised to receive the same: and in case the money arising from the sale of the said wine shall not be sufficient to satisfy the whole of the said duties hereby imposed on such wine, and all the said custom duties due or payable in respect of such wine, together with such costs, charges, and expenses as aforesaid, the said respective commissioners of the quftoms or excise, as the

case

a 786.3 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 59; i

case may require, shall first discharge and pay all such costs,

.charges, and expenses, and shall divide the residue of such money into two sums of money! in the proportion of three to two; and the said respective commissioners of the customs (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause iuch wine to be sold) shall pay over the least ol such two sums of money to the said respective commissioners of excise, towards satisfying the duties hereby imposed on such wine; and the How the mo said refpe£uve commissioners of excise (in case they or the ma ney arising jor part of them respectively shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over the greatest of such two sums of money to the e dead said refpe6tive receivers general of the customs, towards satisfy when infusing the money due or payable for the custom duties for or in cient to pay respect of such wine. the whole of

V And be it further enabled by the authority afore said, 1 e uties# That the receipts of the said respective commissioners of excise Receipts of shall be a sufficient discharge to the said respective receivers general

of the customs, foj^such money as they shall so pay to the excifean(j said respective commissioners of excise; and the receipts of the ciiftoms to aid respective receivers general of the customs shall be a suffi be sufficient cient discharge to the said respective commissioners of excise, for discharges. such moneys as they shall so pay to the said respective receivers general; and such receipts shall several ly be allowed by the proper officer or officers, in passing the accounts of the said re fpe&iye commissioners of excise and receivers general of the customs

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all foreign wine which shall be unshipped, landed, or de Wine landed livered from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, before as well before the da the duties hereby imposed, as all other duties payable in respect foerfeftr^p.aand of such wine, shall be fully paid or secured to be paid, shall be persons a/fift /orfeited and lost, together with the calks, bottles, jars, and ing therein, packages containing the same, and such wine, calks, bottles, etc. to forfeit jars, and packages, shall and may be seized by any officer or the

officers of the customs or excise; and if any person or persons w; northeast shall unflhip, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the un shipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, any foreign wine before as well the said duties hereby imposed, a all other duties payable in respect of such wine, shall be fully paid or secured to be paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or hairre ceive into his, her, or their hands, custody, or possession, any such wine so unihipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, he, she, or they, knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, such person or persons, and each and every of them, shall, fbr each and every such offence, forfeit and lose treble the value of such wine, to be estimated according to the belt and highest rate and price which wine of

6%6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0.59* [178&

the best quality, of that kind, shall sell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Wine brought That where any wine shall be imported or brought into Great tnore^than 60* Britain or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, tonnes forfeit from foreign parts, in any ship, vessel, or boat, of the burden ed, with the of sixty tonnes or under, then not only the said wine, but also the vessel, uniefs said ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be so import such wine be ^ with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and ap the crew^and Parel, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by not greater in any officer or officers of the customs or excise: provided always.

That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any wine for being imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship, vessel, or boat of the burden of sixty tonnes, or under, or any such ship, vessel, or boat, for having so imported or brought therein any such wine (provided there be no spirituous liquors on board such ship, vessel, or boat, at the time of such importation or bringing of any such wine), if such wine so imported or brought shall be for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and shall not exceed the quantity of two gallons for each such seaman, or in case any spirituous liquors shall, at the time of such importation or bringing of any such wine, be on board such ship, vessel, or boat, for the use of such seamen, and shall be less in quantity than two gallons for each such seaman, if the quantity of wine and spirituous liquors, taken together, be not more than two gallons in the whole for each such seaman.

VIII And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifth day of Julyy one thousand seven

1786, whole hundred and eighty six, no person or persons shall deal in or sale dealers m fej[ foreign wine by wholesale, without first taking out a licence to^ake outf°r tat purpose, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, 7 licences, (he, or they shall so deal in or sell foreign wine by wholesale;; are to and that if any such licence shall be taken out within the limits *^thrantfd of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted wi out ees. uncjer tie kancjs and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any such licence shall be taken out in any part of England or ivales, not within the said limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise, within their re fpedfive collections and districts; and in case any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commi(iion$rs of excise in

Scotland,

quantity than herein ipeci

£ed.

From July 5,

'1786.3 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 59, 617

Scotland, or the major part of them, for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; or if any such licence shall be taken out in any other part of Scotland, without the said limits of the city of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands arid Teals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts; and such respective commissioners of excise, or two or more of them, respectively, and the persons foto be appointed by them, or the major part of them, respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such licences, to the persons who shall apply for the same without fee or reward.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no person or persons shall deal in foreign wine by whole Licences to sale, after the expiration of twelve months from the time of be renewed taking out any such licence as aforesaid, unless such person or annua h persons shall take out fresh licences, in the manner herein be fore directed, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out such former licence, and foin like manner from year to year; and that if any person or Personsfellfng persons shall deal in foreign wine by wholesale, without first wine without taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in man for

ner aforesaid, he, (he, or they, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose one hundred pounds : provided always. That per One licence fons dealing in or selling foreign wine by wholesale, in partner Efficient for a ship, and in one house or (hop only, shall not be obliged to o^houfc^ *** take out more than one licence in any one year for dealing in or selling foreign wine by wholesale; and that no one licence No licence to which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or authorise the empower any person or persons to deal in or sell foreign wine in sale of wine any other warehouse, storehouse, roomj (hop, celiar, vault, or jha^the^ace other place, (other than and except on the lawful quays upon oftntry.** which such wine shall have been first landed, and whilst such wine shall be openly lying on such quays), than such warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, or other places, whereof entry in writing shall be made at the office of excise, according to the directions of this act, at the time of granting such licence.

X Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for commiffioff the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of ers may im- them for the time being, to authorise and empower any audio 5oneew tofell near, duly licensed according to an a eft, made in the nineteenth foreign wine " year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for al by auction tering, amending, and enforcing so much of an act, made in the seven on proof of teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for

granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken 3* * out by all persons acting as audioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things sold by auction, and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments, as relates to the method of granting licences to auctioneers,

arid

61 $ Anno vicesimo feto Georgii III C 53. [ 17 SG.

end to the collecting the duties on estates and goods sold by auslion^ to sell by au&ion, and for such au&ioneer, so authorised and im. powered, accordingly to sell by auction, any foreign wine, if it be first proved to the said respective commissioners, or the major part of them, that all the duties due or payable in respect of such foreign wine have been fully paid, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said respective commissioners, or the major part of them; and such auctioneer, so authorised and empowered, shall not be liable to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture by this at imposed, for or in respect of such sale.

XI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, out licen?1" ^ anc every petfon and persons to whom any licence for

forretauing retailing of foreign wine shall be granted, and who shall, not foreign wine, take out either a licence for retailing spirituous liquors, or a LI to be deemed cence for retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, shall wholefave be deemed and taken to be a dealer or dealers in foreign wine the/have not Y wholesale, within the meaning of this ai; and if any wine, licences for either foreign wine, or by the person or persons dealing in or retailing fpi selling the same pretended to be foreign wine, shall at any time rituous LI be sold by any such person or persons, such sale shall be deemed ^ethave 'to an taken to be a dealing in and selling foreign wine by whole bedeemedre fa^e> within the meaning of this al 5 and that all and every tail dealers, person and persons having a licence granted to him, her, or them, either for retailing of spirituous liquors, or for retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, shall be deemed and taken to be a dealer or dealers in foreign wine by retail, within Not to extend the meaning of this act: provided always, That nothing herein t the two before contained shall in any wise be prejudicial to the privileges umveritiea. Of the two universities .in that part of Great Britain, called England, or either of them, nor to the chancellors or scholars of the same or their successors; but that they may use and enjoy such privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed, anything herein contained to the contrary not with (landing: provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall extend to be prejudicial to the master, wardens, freemen, and commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, or to any other city or town corporate; but that they may use and enjoy such liberties and privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed: provided neyerthelefs. That no person who shall be admitted to the freedom of the said company of vintners of the city of London by redemption only, shall be exempted from the obligation of taking out a licence for selling or uttering wine by retail, but that the freemen only of the said company who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who shall be admitted to their freedom in right of patrimony or apprenticed, shall be entitled to such exemption: provided also. That nor thing herein before contained shall in any wise extend to debar or hinder the mayor or burgesses of the borough of Saint Albans, in the county of Hertford, or their successors, from enjoying, wsing, and exerciiing all such liberties, powers, and authorities

; to

Anno vicesimo fextogeorgli III c.59. 6ig

to them heretofore granted, by several letters patent under the great seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for the erecting appointing, and licensing of three several wine taverns within the borough aforesaid, for and towards the maintenance of the free school there \ but that the same liberties, powers, and authorities shall be and are hereby establiffied and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, to and for the charitable use aforesaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patent aforesaid, as though this act had never been made; anything in ad contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, and be it declared. That nothing herein con No person tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any whatsoever to person or persons who shall sell or utter any kind of wine or ^

wines, or any liquor called or reputed Wine, by the pint, quart, without tak pottle, or galion, or by ny other greater or less measure, or in ing out a II bottles in any less quantity than shall be equal to the measure cence. of the cask, or vessel in which the same shall have been, or may lawfully be imported, from taking out a licence for retailing wine in such and the same manner as they now are by law required, and as if this act had never been made.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall make true Entry to be and particular entry in writing of all warehouses, storehouses, ^rehouses rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or on pe them respectively made use of for the keeping of wine for sale, at nalty of 100!. the office of excise within the compass or limits whereof such and forfeiture respective warehouses, fiorehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, ^et^?nwme and other places, shall be situated, on pain of forfeiting the sum 1 of one hundred pounds for every such warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place, which shall be so made use of by any such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, without having made such entry as aforesaid, together with all wine that shall be found therein, and also the calks, jars, bottles, vessels, sind packages whatsoever, containing such wine: provided always,

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed Exception or construed to extend, to make any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, liable to the said penalty of one hundred pounds, for or by reason of any sale of any foreign wine, whilst the same shall be lying openly on the lawful quays on which such wine shall have been first landed.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That where any entry dial! be made by any dealer or dealers Persons make in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, of any warehouse, lore ins enti7 of house, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place, for the keeping tered tctbe of wine for sale, no other dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers deemed deal of wine, not being in partnership with such dealer or dealers, or ers without seller or seliers, making such first entry, shall, on any pretence entry, C whatsoever, make entry of the same, or of any other warehouse, ' storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place whatsoever, within the same house or tenement in which such first entry (half

then

Every place for keeping or selling wine must have thereon the words dealer fn foreign wine, on penalty of 50i.

Persons putting those words, on unentered places, to forfeit 100i. can

account of the wine in ftdre on July 5, 17s6, to be delivered at the next office of excise, within three days, or the same to^eforfeited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 55^ fi

then be existing; but every such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, making such further entry of the same, or any other such warehouse, storehouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place, in such same house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a dealer in foreign wine without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as dealers in foreign wine without entry are subject unto by virtue of this al

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all, and every dealer and dealers in, and seller and sellers of, ^ foreign wine by wholesale, shall cause to be painted or written,, ^,,, r in large legible characters, over the outer door, or in the front

or on some conspicuous part of each and every house, warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, and other place, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the, keeping of foreign wine for sale, the words Dealer in Foreign Wine, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such house, warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place which shall be so made use of by any such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine respectively, without having the said words painted or written as is hereby directed, the sum of fifty pounds.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatsoever, other than such as shall have duly made entry at the proper offices of excise of the places by them respectively made use of for keeping foreign wine for sale, (hajl paint or write, or cause to be painted or written, over the door, or in the front of any place to them respectively belonging, the words Dealer in Foreign Wine, every person and persons respectively offending therein shall forfeit and lose the lum of one hundred pounds, and shall also be subject to the several penalties and forfeitures to which persons selling of, or dealing in, foreign wine without entry are subjected to by virtue of this act.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine shall, on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or within three days then next ensuing, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the office of excise within the limits whereof their respective warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them made use for keeping wine for sale, shall be situated, a just, true, and particular account in writing of the quantity of all the foreign wines which shall, on the said fifth day of July, be or have been in the custody or possession of any such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, distinguishing such foreign wines from each other, according to the true denominations thereof, under the following descriptions of French red wine, and French white wine, in case the same be French wine, and of foreign red wine not French, and foreign white wine not French, in case the same shall be foreign wine, other than French wine, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such account, all

such

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. 621

such foreign wine whereof no such account shall be so delivered, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, containing the same; and such foreign wine, calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, so forfeited, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; all wine in bottles to be so accounted for without expressing the number of gallons which they contain.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excise, Oificers may, qr any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times, by ** ^eesj day and by night, upon his or their request, (but if in the night, houses, C to in the presence of a eonftable or other officer of the peace), to en take an ac ter into all and every the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, count of celiars, vaults; and other places made use of by any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, whether by wholesale pr by retail, for keeping wine, and by tailing, gauging, or Qtherwife, to take an account of the quantity and quality of all the wine and other liquors which.shall at any time be in his, her, their, or any of their euftody, in cask, or in any vessel or vessels except bottles; and also to take an account of the wine or other liquors which shall at any time be in his, ‘her, or their euftody, ia battles, in any other manner than by tasting the same, or by. uncorking or opening the bottles containing such ^. :

XVIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers Officers to be of excise, or, any or either of them, and they are hereby authorised

and empowered to take, at any time or times, a sample or 0n"payfog for, fanh.ples of foreign wine, whether in bottles or in cask, or in the same, on any other vessel or vessels, paying far the same, for every quart penalty of of wine, the usual price thereof; and in case any dealer or deal lool‘ ers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, or any workman or servant to him, her, or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or (ampies as aforesaid, upon his, or their offering to pay for the same after the rate aforesaid, or shall anywise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such dealer or dealers ih, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX And' be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That all dealers in and sellers of foreign wine, who shall have The quality or receive into their euftody any foreign wine, shall, from time ad quantity to time, distinctly mark in the most conspicuous part of each and e marked every cask, jar, bottle, and other vessel capable of containing on au vessels, above the quantity of three galions, and in which they shall containing keep any foreign wine, the number of gallons which such cask, moj*e than 3 jar, bottle, and other vessel is capable of containing, and also the sort of such wine then kept or contained therein, specifying, if it be French wine, whether the same is French red wine ox French white wine; and, if the same be foreign wine other thaxi French Vol. XXXV T t wine,.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786.

yvine, whether the same is foreign red wine, or foreign white wine on pain of forfeiting such wine as shall at any time be kept or contained in any such cask, jar, bottle, and other vessel, together with such calk, jar, bottle, and other vessel containing such wine; and all such wine, together with such cask, jar, bottle or other vessel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, 'foreign wine, is and are hereby required to (hew to the officer of excise

a^piug, wmt ' t r r J a1 /fitii t 1

to be shewn to under whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, each and the officer, or every cask, vessel j and utensil capable of containing above the If quantity of three galions, and every bin, or other place, irv

which he, she, or they shall keep any foreign wine, on pain of forfeiting all such wine as shall at any time be found in any such cask, vessel, utensil, and bin, or other place, used for keeping of wine, which has not been so shewn to such officer as aforesaid, together with such cask, vessel, or utensil; and.such cask, vessel, or utensil, so forfeited, together with such wine found therein, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and such officer shall mark such calks, vessels, utensils, bins, or other place, used for keeping of wine, so shewn to him, or any or either of them, with a particular, distinct and durable mark; and if any person or perforis whatsoever shall, at any time after made b the any bin, cask, vessel, or utensil shall have been so marked Officer noto by such .officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such mark so be defaced, on fixed upon any such cask, vessel, utensil, or bin, or other place,

Calks and

placea for keeping wine

the wine to be forfeited.

Marks on calks, e

penalty of

I

No bin, C containing more than 3. galions, to be erected, enlarged, or used, without notice being given to the excise, on penalty of L

used for keeping of wine, by such officer as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XXI And. be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine shall, without notice first thereof given at the office of excise, within the compass or limits whereof his, her, or their refpedtivq warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, and other places shall be fltuated, ered or let tip any vessel, utensil, or other convenience for keeping or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three galions, or alter or enlarge any bin, vessel, or utensil for keeping or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three galions, which is already erected or setup, or shall hereafter be eredfed or setup, or shall have or keep any bin, vessel, or utensil for keeping; or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three galions, other than such as are openly kept and used in his, her, or their entered warehouse, ftorehoule, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place made use of by him, her, or them for keeping of foreign wine, and discovered and known to the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall then be, on pain to forfeit and lof for every such bin, vessel, or utensil so. erected or setup, or

hereafter

1^86.] Anno vicesimo sexto ge'orgii III C zfy Gzg

hereafter to be erected or setup, or altered or enlarged or kept without such notice given as aforesaid, or without being so discovered andknown, the sum of fifty pounds. :

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.... ....

all and every dealer and dealers in, and seller - sod sellers -

of, foreign wine by wholesale, shall, before he, (he, or they shall intention to begin to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, give' to the‘officer'draw off of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or ^, ene sellers shall then be, six hours notice in writing, within the limits of the chief office of excifein London and twelve hours notice in cer mav at writing in other places in Great Britain of his, her, or their intend, and tention to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, and of the time declaration to when, and the particular warehouse, jftorehouse, root {je^lace0 celiar, vault, or other place, in which such foreign wine is in where it is ta tended to be drawn off or bottled, and the quantity thereof, and be depofittd. into how many casks, bottles, or other vessels the same is intended to be drawn off or bottled; and if such wine, so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine; or, if such winey‘ so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine, riot French, or foreign white wine, not French, and from what particular ca(k or other vessel, or casks or other vessels, such wine is so intended to be drawn off or bottled; and such officer shall, if he, shall deem it expedient foto do, attend to see such foreign wine drawn off or bottled, and the same shall be drawn off or bottled in the presence of such officer, if he shall attend pursuant to such notice; and such wine shall also be packed or piled in the presence of the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall then be, or, in default of the same being packed onpiled in the presence of such officer, such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall, immediately upon such wine being drawn off or bottled as aforesaid, or in case the officer shall not be then present, then upon such officer's next survey, make to such officer a declaration into what particular bin, or in what particular part of his warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, or other entered places, such wine is intended to be, or hail, have' been, paeked, piled, or deposited, and when such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, intends or intend to pack, pile, ordepofit the same, according to such declaration, and such wine shall be piled or deposited according to such declaration; and ho foreign No wine tcf wine shall be removed from the bin or place in which the same be. removed shall be paeked, piled, or deposited, according to the directions ^ p 1 of this at, into any other bin or place, in any such warehouses storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, or other entered places before such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall have given to such officer six hours notice in writing, within the limits of the said chief office, and twelve hours notice in writing, in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention foto remove the same, and of the particular bin or place, in any such warehouses storehouses rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, or other

T t 2 entered

'Penalty on bottling

624 Atmo vicesimo fc^o Georgii III 0* 59. [1786.

entered places, to which the same is intended foto be removed; and if any such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wuic C w*ne> shall begin to draw off or bottle any such/foreign wine, w^ontgiving w^bout giving filch notice as is in that behalf herein before di dne notice. 5 redted to; be given, or, in default of such wine being packed or piled in the presence of such officer as aforesaid, shall neglect to make such declaration as aforesaid, or to pack, pile, or deposit such wine according to such declaration, or shall remove any foreign wine from the bin or place in which the same shall be paeked, piled, or deposited, according to the directions of this adfc, into any other bin or part of any such warehouses, storehouses, .rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, or other entered places, without giving such notice as is in that behalf herein before directed to be given, he, (he, pr they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds: provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed .to extend, to make any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds, for or by. reason of his drawing off or bottling any foreign wine bottles drawn; mo a number of bottles more or less, by a small quantity, than notice Specified, in such notice herein before directed to begiv

en, as the number of bottles into which such wine was intended' If wine be to be drawn off or bottled: provided also, That if any dealer oc not begun to dealers, in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, foin j with to an tt tending to draw off or bottle such foreign wine, shall not begin hour after the and proceed to draw off or, bottle such wine at the time mention time men ed in such notice in that behalf herein before directed, or with

tioned, the in one hour after such time, then such notice shall be void, and

vdd* t0 ^ fpch dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, so intending to draw off or: bottle such wine, shall give a fresh notice to such officer or officers of the time when, and the particular warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place in which such wine is intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the quantity thereof, and into how many casks, bottles, jars, or other vessels, the same is intended to be drawn, off or bottled; and, if such wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine, or, if such wine faintended to be drawn off or bottled be not French

Persons not liable to penalty for a small difference in the number of

wine, whether the same is foreign red wine or foreign white wine, and from what particular cask, jar, or other vessel, casks, jars, or other vessels, such wine is so intended to be drawn off or Wine may be bottled s provided always, nevertheless, That nothing in this act drawn off at contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to be^fcntout make !t unlawful to or for any dealer or dealers in, or seller or

immediately. V foreign wine by wholesale, to draw off or bottle any

foreign wine, at his, her, or their free will and pleasure, for the purpose of immediately sending out the same, without giving such notice to the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall then be, of his, her, or their intention to draw off or bottle such foreign wine \ but that ft shall and may be lawful to and for any such dealer or

u dealers.

He. )y

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. 625

dealers, or seller or seliers, to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, at his, her, or their free will and pleasure, for the purpose of immediately sending out the same, without giving such notice to the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall then be, of his, her, or their intention to dtaw off or bottle such foreign wine, without being liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds for drawing off or bottling such foreign wine without giving such notice as is herein before directed to be given; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every dealer and dealers in, and seller and sellers Different sorts of, foreign wine, shall keep all French red wine, in his, her, or of wines to be their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate ^ casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divi I00j4 1 y fions, from all other wine; and shall also, in like manner, keep all French white wine, in his, her, or their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate bins, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divisions, from all other wine; and shall also, in like manner, keep all foreign red wine, (other than French wine) in his, her, or their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate bins, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divisions, from all other wine; and shall also, in like manner, keep all foreign white wine (other than French wine) in his, her, or their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate bins, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divisions, from all other wine, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of fifty. pounds.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine, otherwise than Penalty on by wholesale, who shall have or receive into his, her, or their retajl dealers custody, any cyder, spirituous liquors, or other liquors, shall keep cvder&c^in the same separate and apart from foreign wine, upon pain of feparateplaces forfeiting the sum of ten Shillings for every gallon of cyder, from foreign spirituous liquors, or other liquors, which shall not be so kept wines, separate and apart from foreign wine, together with all such foreign wine, cyder, spirituous liquors, and other liquors, and the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and other packages containing the same; and such foreign wine, cyder, spirituous liquors, and other liquors, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise...

XXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That no dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, Dealers in so shall have in his, her, or their custody or pefsession, any British rcisn wine made wine or sweets, oq pain of forfeiting all such british mae j wine or sweets which shall be at any time found in the custody possession, on or possession of such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, and penalty of also the sum often Shillings for every gallon of such British wine forfeiture, cor sweets, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: *£eex "

provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or qj^ntity in

T t 3 be hand, on July

An account to be kept of the qnan tity of wine daily sold.

62$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786,

5, 1736, which be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any dealer or deal * j*15Y bt^o]d £rs in^or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, from having in his, 1786? CC her, or their custody Qr possession, or from feeling, at any time before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any rrilijh made wines or sweets, which he, (he, or they, shall really and bona side have in his, her, or their custody or possession, at the time of the delivery of such account of the quantity of the foreign wines in the custody or possession of such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, at the excise office, as is herein before directed.

XXVI Andy for the better afcertaming the quantities of foreign wine which Shall from time to time be sold by dealers iny and sellers ofy foreign ivine^ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all such dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine, shall from time to jtime keep an account of all foreign wine which they, or any of them, respectively shall fell, send out, or consume in each day, in small quantities under three galions, expressing the number of gallons or bottles fp sent out or consumed; and shall every day enter into a book, to be kept for that purpose, an account of the grof quantities of the said foreign wine which have beer by him, her, or them respectively, so sold, sent out, or contained, in she preceding day, in small quantities under three gal r Ions; and such dealers in, or sellers of, foreign 'wine, shall also keep one other book, wherein they (hajl respectively enter each parcel of foreign wine of the quantity of three gallons or more, which they shall respectively sell or send out in each day, expressed The quantity sing the number of gallons or bottles so sold or sent out; which' lon^not to^be parpe^s of foreign wine, of the quantity of three gallons or re moved more, shall not be removed out of the respective sellers custody out a permit without a permit, signed by the proper officer or officers of excise, expressing the quantity of all such foreign wines, diftingui thing in such permit such foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in the request note, according to the directions of this at, and expressing the name and names of the person or persons so selling or fending' out, and of the person or persons to whom the same is intended to be sent, and the place, to which the same is intended to be carried, and that the duties by this a 61 charged on such foreign wines were paid, or that the said foreign wines were condemned as forfeited, or were part of the flock in hand of some person or persons, expressing his, her, or their name or names, of which an account had been taken in pursuance of this act; which said books shall be, and are hereby directed tp be prepared for the cife/and when making such entries as aforesaid, and delivered, upon demand, filled up, to unto such dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine respectively, by be returned the said respective commissioners of excise, or such person or per to the officer, fons as tkey pe laid comn>ifljoners, or the major part of them.

Entry books to be provided by the ex

yerined on oath

shall for that purpose direct and appoint: provided always, That ip such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall have in his, her, or their custody more than one such book of each fort at 3 time, and when the said books in their cuftpdy shall be filled up,

lip

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59; 627

the same shall from time to time be several ly returned to the respective officers from whom the same was respectively received, and the truth of the entries made therein shall be verified upon the oath of such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, or his, her, or their servant or servants who kept the same, and made the entries therein, according to the best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief (which oath such respective officers are hereby authorised to administer), and one or more new book or books shall thereupon be delivered to such respective dealers in, or sellers of, foreign wine, in the room of such book or books so returned, and so toties quoties, as often as such book or books shall be filled up with such entries; which said books, so kept by such reentry books fpedtive dealers or seliers, shall from time to time lie open to be ^, ie open perused by the officer of excise under whose survey such respective fpeftionof dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall then be, the better to the officer, enable them to keep their flocks of the increase and decrease of such foreign wine; and that such dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall, immediately upon every request of the officer of excise under whose survey such respective dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall then be, fill up such book and books re fpedhvely with the quantities by them sold in each day : provided, Penalty on always. That if any such dealer or dealers, seller or seliers, shall neglect or refuse to keep such bpoks, and make such entries * therein, or to permit the officer or officers of excise, under whose survey such respective dealers or sellers shall then be, to inspect them, or not return the said books, or not fill up such books on request as aforesaid, according to the directions of this actor shall make any false entry in such book or books, he, she, or they (hall? for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XX VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any officer or officers of excise shall at any tiipe or times an e*ceft

discover or find, that the quantity of French red wine, French ^ °*

white wine, foreign red wine (other than French red wine) or founrj jt -13 foreign white wine (other than French white wine) in the flock forfeited and of any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by also double it wholesale, added to the quantity for which permits shall have value been granted since the last account was taken of such flock, and also to the quantity or quantities sold, sent our, or consumed in small quantities under three gallons since such last account was taken, and for which proper entries shall appear to be made in the book herein before directed*to be kept for entering therein such wine as shall be sold, consumed, or sent out in small quantities under three galions, according to the directions of this act, exceeds the flock left in hand on the taking of such last account, added to the quantity of such wine since received by permit, the quantity of wine so found in excgfs, by whatever liquor the same shall have been made, and whether the same shall be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by foreign wine for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such deafer or

t14 ^ dealers.

a Anno vicesimo fcxtx> gsoitgii IL C 59. £1786. V

'' dealers, or seller or seliers, without permit 5 and quantity equal to the quantity of wine so found in excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of the said dock or (locks in which such quantity of wine shall be so found in excess, and the person or persons in whose dock such quantity of wine so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall aifo forfeit double the value of the quantity of wine so found in excess.

Not to extend XXVIII Provided always, and be it further enabled, That to aa excels nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or con receiving ^ drued to extend, to forfeit any part of such dock or docks, or to wine from make any person or persons liable to the said penalty of double any lawful the value of such wine so found in excess, for or by reason of

quay. any such quantity of wine found in excess, if such excess shall

arise and be occasioned wholly from wine which shall have been lawfully received into such dock, (ince such lad account was taken, direcuy from any lawful quay or quays on which the same shall have been first landed, and shall not exceed the importation guage of such wine more than two gallons upon each tonne thereof; and if such wine shall also then be, and continue in the original cask, vessel, or package in which the same was imported, and no part thereof drawn off or taken out from such cask, vessel, or package; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all cyder, sweets, british mii&t wine, mead, spirituous liquors, and other liquors whatsoever, which at any time shall be found in the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, and other places, of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, entered for the keeping or selling wine, shall be deemed and taken to be foreign wine, within the meaning of this act, of the same sort and denomination as the wine with which the same shall be kept, or if kept separate from any wine, then the same shall be deemed and taken to be French red wine

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Permits to be That where any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign gwen without w*me wholesale, duly licensed according to the directions of

this act, shall have occasion to remove such wine from any such entered warehouse, dorehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place, the officer or officers of excise of the respective di vifioni or places where such entered warehouse, (torehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place, shall be situated, shall, without fee or reward, from time to time, upon a request note being made and delivered, according to the directions of this act, by such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, grant and give a permit in writing, (igned by the said respective officer or officers, expressing the quantity of all such wine foto be removed, di ftinguiffiing in such permit such foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in the request

note,

pyder, C found in the poflefiion of a whotefale dealer, to be deemed foreign wine.

17s6, ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. 629

note, according to the directions of diisladt, and expressing the name and names of the p§rfon or persons from whom the same k intended to be removed, and to whom the same is to he removed, and that the duty of such wine, so intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the stock of some dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesaie, of which an account has been delivered at the office of excise pursuant to this act; and all officers of excise, granting or giving such permits,

shall limit and express, in such permits, the time within which the said wine, in such permits mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the (lock of the persons taking out such permits, and also the time within which the said wine shall be delivered and received into the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, or other places, of the person or persons respectively to whom the same is so permitted to be sent.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no such permit for the removal of any foreign wine Permit not to shall be granted, or be valid, unless such dealer or dealers, or be granted, seller or sellers of foreign wine, requiring the same, shall make quevcontains and send, or deliver, to the officer or officer? of excise hereby au quantity thorifed to grant such permit, a request note, in writing, fpeci toberemoved, fying the name of the person to whom such wine is intended to C be sent, the quantity of each sort of such foreign wine intended to be removed, and for the removal of which such permit is required, and, if such wine be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine, or, in case such wine is not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine net French, or foreign white wine not French, and also the number and contents of the calks, bottles, jars, or vessels, containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance such wine is intended to be sent; and all such wine, which shall be removed Wine remov under a description not conformable to this actor under a false to

description, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and ac ll2ie "other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, 5 boats, barges, and other carriages used in the removal or carriage thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be Seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no wine shall be brought into any warehouse, lore Wine brought

house, room, (nop, celiar, vault, or other place, made use of by

any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine, with without per

out an authentic permit, granted and given according to the mit to be for

directions of this act, which permit shall be produced to and feited, etc.

left with the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or

dealers, or seller or seliers, shall then be, on pain of forfeiting

all such wine so brought in without such permit, together with

the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages containing the

same, and such wine, with the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and

packages

Permits to be granted for the removal of wine belonging to private per fms, but if removed contrary hereto, ' forfeited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786.

packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons, not being a dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine, either by wholesale or by retail, shall have occasion to remove any foreign wine from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the officer or officers of excise of the respective divisions or districts in which the place from whence such wine is intended to be removed shall be situate, upon such person or persons, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, proving to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners of excise, or of the collector or supervisor of excise of the collection or district in which the place from whence such wine is intended to be removed is situate, that all the duties for such wine have been fully paid, and upon a request note, in writing, made and sent, or delivered, to such officer or officers of excise authorised to grant a permit thereupon, under and by virtue of this act, specifying the quantity of each sort of such foreign wine intended to be removed, and for the removal of which such permit is required, and, if such wine be French wine, whether the same is French red wine, or French white wine, or, in case such wine is not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine not French, or foreign white wine not French, and also the number and contents of the casks, bottles, jars, or vessels containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance such wine is intended to be sent, to give and grant, without fee or reward, a permit or permits in writing, signed by such officer or officers, expressing the quantity of such wine foto be removed, distinguishing in such permit such foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in such request note, according to the directions of this act, and expressing the name and names of the person or persons from whom the same is intended to be removed, and to whom the same is to be removed, and that the duty of such wine, so intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the flock of some dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesale, of which an account has been delivered at the office of excise, pursuant to this act; and all officers of excise, granting or giving such permit or permits, shall limit and express therein the time within which such wine, in such permit or permits mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the possession of the persons taking out such permit or permits, and also the time within which such wine shall be delivered and received into the possession of the person or persons respectively to whom the same is so permitted to be sent; and all such foreign wine, which shall be removed under a description not conformable to this act, or under a false description, together

with

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59.' 631

with the, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, boats, barges, and other carriages used in the removal or carriage thereof, t

shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That no foreign wine exceeding the quantity of three gal Wine exceed ions, shall be removed or carried from any part of this king j.ng Z galions, dom to another, by land or by water, without being accompa foundremov nied with a proper permit from some or one of the officers of jng. without excise, according to the directions of this act, on pain of forfeit permit, ing the wine which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from one part of this kingdom to another, without such permit as aforesaid, together with the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and other carriages used in such removal or carriage thereof.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any such wine mentioned or specified in any such Wine remov permit, shall be removed or sent away from or out of the ware hi

houses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, and other f^e^mited places, of the person or persons to whom any such permit shall to be deemed be granted, within the time expressed and limited therein, and as removing such wine shall not, within the time limited and expressed in without a per jfuch permit, be actually delivered and received into the ware mit houses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults,, and other places of the person or persons to whom the same is by such permit authorised to be lent, then, and in every such case, all such wine so removed or sent away as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to he wine removed without permit, unless it be proved, to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners of excise, that such wine, through unavoidable accident, could not have been so delivered and received.

XXXVI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That but such wine if any such wine, casks, bottles, jars, vessels or packages, shall shall be re be seized as forfeited, under and by virtue of the next preceding recognisance clause, the same shall be restored and delivered up without de being entered lay by the officer or officers seizing the same, to the person or into, to prove persons having the charge or custody thereof at the time of such ^ n seizure, if such person or persons shall and do, before any one ^ time of his majestyy justices of the peace redding near to the place

where such seizure shall be made, enter into a recognisance, with one or more other sufficient surety, to be approved of by such justice of the peace, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in double the value of such seizure (which recognisance such justice is hereby authorised and required to take), with condition to prove, within one month then next ensuing, to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners of excise, that such wine, through unavoidable accident, could not have been so delivered and received, and upon such recognisance being enterecl into, such justice of the peace shall certify, upon the

632 Ando vicefimfc sexto Georgia III C 59. [1786.

back of the permit accompanying such wine, that a recognisance has been entered into in pursuance of this act, and shall also, by endorsement on such permit, allow such further time, as to him shall seem meet, for such wine to be delivered and received into the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars vaults, and other places of the person or persons to whom the same was by such permit authorised to be Tent; and such endorsement shall, during such further time, be of the same force and effect as a permit granted according to the directions of this at; and such justice shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to transmit every such recognisance to the king's remembrancer in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXVII And be it further enafied by the authority afore if vtrne be said. That if any permit or permits shall be granted by any of not Tent away, ficer or officers of excise, to any dealer or dealers in or seller or dealers agree ^e^ers f f°reign wine, for the removal of any foreign wine from able to per one pace to another, and if, within the times limited in such T: mit, theymuft permit or permits respecsively for that purpose, such deafer of be returned, dealers, or seller or seliers, to or for whom such permit or per treble the °* mts f granted, shall not either actually and really send

value away all the wine by such permit or permits authorised to be

*, lent away pursuant to the true intent and meaning of such permit

or permits, or, in default of so sending away such wine, shall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit and permits respectively, return such permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective case and cases, such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, to whom such permit or permits, or for whose use such permit or permits shall have been granted, shall for every gallon of such wine mentioned in such permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lose treble the value of such wine, to be estimated according to the best and highest rate and price which wine of the best quality of that kind shall sell for in London at the time when and if on tak such forfeiture shall be incurred; and if such permit or permits decrease * are not returnec* as aforesaid, and in case, upon taking an ac port^onateto count by any officer or officers of excise, of the flock of so the contents reign wine remaining ih the hands or custody of the dealer or of the permit dealers', or seller or seliers, from or out of whose flock the wine dear a^ike" ment*lonecl m such permit or permits as aforesaid are thereby quantity may authorised to be removed, there shall not appear a sufficient de be seized, etc. crease to answer the removal of the wine mentioned in such' permit or permits as aforesaid, respectively, then and in such case the respective dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, from or out of whose flock such wine mentioned in the said permit or permits shall be authorised to be removed, shall forfeit and lose the like quantities of wine so permitted to be removed, and not removed according to such permission, to be seized and taken by the officers of excise, or any or either of them, out of any foreign wine of the denomination given in such permit or permits

^33

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59;

mits to the wine so authorised to be removed, and then in the custody or possession of the dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, forfeiting the same; and if such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall not then have in his, her, or their custody or pof ftffion, suchlike quantity of wine of that denomination theti and in such case such dealer or dealers, or seller or seliers, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any permit or permits, for the removal of any Private per foreign wine from one place to another, shall be granted by fonsnot're any officer or officers of excise, to any person, other than a dealer to

or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesale or permits, mult retail, and if within the times limited in such permit or permits return them, respectively for that purpose, such person or persons to or for on penalty of whom such permit or permits shall be so granted, shall not [J ^va*‘ either actually and really send away all the wine by such permit wine.

or permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the true in t tent and meaning of such permit or permits, nr, ih default of so sending away such wine, shall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit and permits respectively, return such permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective case and cases, the person or persons, other than such dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesale or retail, to whom such permit or permits, or for whose use such permit or permits shall have been granted shall, for every gallon of such wine mentioned in such permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lose treble the value of such wine, to be estimated according to the bed and highest rate or price which wine of that kind shall, sell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred.

XXXIX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit Perform giving or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for C

the removal of any foreign wine from one part of this kingdom forfeit 500i. to any other part thereof, and for the removal of which a permit is by this act required; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue permit for such.. of foreign wine, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such wine removed or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such permit, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper officer of cxcife; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publifti or make use of any such permit, so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, several ly forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred .pounds,

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or Penalty on forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any certificate of fogging cer

® such tlhcate of rew

iucn cognizance.

In every action for the said penalty, sufficient bail to be given.

Wine fraudulently hid to be forfeited.

How officers are to proceed when they suspect wine is fraudulenty deposited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59*

such recognisance as is herein before required ta.be taken being entered into, or any such indorsement'as is hereinbefore directed to be made, or (hail knowingly or willingly give atiy such false or untrue certificate or indorfetaient, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue certificate or endorsement with any such wine removed or to be removed, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or erase any such certificate or endorsement granted or made by any such justice of the peace, or shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such certificate or indorfenaent so counterfeited, forged, falle, untrue, altered, or erased, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, several ly forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds

XLI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or court of exchequer in Scotland, for any or either of the said penalties of five hundred pounds, z capias in the first procefsv shall and may issue, specifying such penalty or penalties; and die defendant or defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient bail, by natural born subjects, persons naturalised, or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which suchcapias shall issue, at the; day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or profeeu tion; and shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give" sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay such penalty or penalties of five hundred pounds, in case he, (he, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their bodies to prison.

XLII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case any foreign wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any place whatsoever, with an intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties thereon, such foreign wine shall be forfeited and lost, together with the ca(ks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages whatsoever containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and, the better to enable such officer or officers to discover such foreign wine so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, if any such officer or officers shall have cause to suspect that any foreign wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties thereon, then, and in such case, if such place shall be within the cities of Londofi or Westminster, or within the limits of the chief office of excise in London; and if the officer or officers so having cause to fufpe6l be an officer or officers of excise, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, or, in case such place shall be in any other part of Great Britain 5 or if the officer or officers so having cause to suspect be an officer or officers of the customs, upon oath made by such officer or officers of the customs or excise,

before

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59.

before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, replace, where such officer or officers shall fn/pedt the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he (half judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants under his and their respective hands and seats, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, by day or by night, but, if in the night time, in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect such foreign wine to be so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, and seize and carry away all such foreign wine, which he or they shall then and there find so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with all the casks, bottles jars, vessels, and packages wherein the same shall be contained.

XLIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any of them, to go on board, and enter into any ship or vessel whatsoever, which shall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, and to continue on board the same, and to examine and search, in like manner as the officers of the customs may now legally do, for all foreign wine whatsoever, and to seize for his majesty's use all such foreign wine there found, as by the laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages containing the same, and also such ship or vessel, if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such wine.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall give, or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, or reward whatsoever, to any officer or officers of excise, to connive at or permit any foreign wine to be run on shore, or to connive at any false or Short entry of any such foreign wine; or shall give or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, or reward whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such officer or officers, either to do or perform any actor acts, thing or things whatsoever, contrary to the duty of such officer or officers in execution of this actor to neglect to do or perform any actor acts, thing or things, whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the business and duty of such officer and officers in execution of this actor to connive at or conceal any fraud or frauds relating to the duties on foreign wines, or not to discover the same, every such person or persons shall, for every such offence, whether the same offer or proposal be accepted or not, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill,

oppose,

635

Officers of excise may go on board ships, and search them, in like manner as officers of the customs.

Persons attempting to corrupt officers forfeit iool.

Persons ob (irudting officers in the

63 6

execution of their duty, etc. forfeit iool.

No drawback to be allowed on the expor tationoswine, unless the regulations herein prescribed are conformed to.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C {1786.

oppose, tnoleft, obstruct, or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of this a, or .of my of the powers or authorities hereby given or granted to any such officer or of > fleers*.or Aiall by fforee^qr rvipfence refctie, or daufe to be refcu.^3, anyjforeign wine after the same (hail have been seized by such officer or &ffi?er?**& aforesaid, prfoah.auempt or endeavour foto do, or, after jguch felzare, or whilff any such officer or officers is or are attempting to seize any such foreign wine, shall ftaye* break, or otherwise destroy or damage any ca(k, vessel, bottle, jar, or other package wherein the same shall be contained, all and every person or persons.so offending shall, for every such; offence, for which no: other penalty is particularly provided by this act forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no drawback of any duty on any foreign wine whatsoever, flail be allowed, upon, the exportation of such wine from this kingdom, unless such wine flail be exported under and subject to the rules, regulations, terms, conditions, and directions hereinafter mentioned, and prescribed, over and besides the rules, regulations, terms, conditions, and directions, other than where the same are altered. by, this act, now commonly practised or enforced by the officers of the customs, upon the exportation of such wine, in order to obtain the drawback or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof (that is to say), The person or persons intending to ship and; export any such. wine shall, in case such wine is intended to be packed up for exportation, give six hours notice in writing, in case such wine is, intended to be pacjced up within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twelve hours notice in writing, in case, such wine is intended foto be packed up in any place out of the said limits in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up any fqch wine for exports tion, and of the time and place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by. the respective compsif fioners of excise in England and Scotlandor the major part of them for the time being, of the particular port or place to which such wine is intended to be exported, and of the quantity of such wine foto be shipped and exported; and if the same be French wine, whether it is French red wine, or French white wine, or, if such wine foto be shipped and exported be foreign wine, other than French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French; and such officer or officers shall attend to see such wine packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such seal or mark, and in such manner, as the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, shall direct; and the officer or officers who shall have seen such wine; packed up, shall take an account of ie quantity of such wine, so intended to be exported, and in such account shall specify (if the same be French wine) whether the same is Frenchred wine

or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0.59.' 637

or French white wine, or, if such wine so intended to be exported be not French wine, whether the same be foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French, and such officer or officers shall make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such respeciive commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, to receive the same, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing; and the person or persons intending to ship any foreign wine for exportation, shall give six hours notice in writing, within the limits of the said chief office, and twelve hours notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of the time and place of shipping such wine, unto such officer or officers of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, as shall be appointed for that purpose by the said respective commissioners, or the major part of them for the time being, and of the name of the ship or vessel in which the same is intended to be shipped and exported, and of the matter or commander thereof, and of the particular port or place to which wine is intended to be exported, and of the quantity of such wine foto be shipped and exported; and if such wine be French wine, whether the same be French red wine or Frencfy white wine; and if such wine, foto be shipped and exported, be not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French', and if any such foreign wine so intended to be packed for exportation, shall not be begun to be paeked, or if any such foreign wine, so intended to be exported, shall not be bbgun to be shipped, at the time mentioned for the respective purposes aforesaid in such notice refpedliyely, or within one hour after such time, then such respective notices shall be void, and the like respective notices in writing shall be again given unto such officer or officers, previous to the packing up of such wine for exportation, or previous to the shipping of any foreign wine for exportation, as the case may require.

XLVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons (save and except the proper offi Packages, cer of the customs, and the officer of excise, at the port of ex sealed for exportation herein after mentioned), shall open any such package, tobe^ened, after the famre has been so secured and sealed as aforesaid, or etc. on pe * wilfully destroy or deface such seal or mark, every such nalty of jol. person and persons, so offending, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVIII Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the exporter of any such foreign wine Bond to be shall also, before the shipping the same, give bond, with fuffici given for ex ent security, to be approved of by the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, or oath, macje the person by them appointed for that purpose, in treble the that the du amount of all the duties intended to be drawn back on such ex ties thereon portation of such wine, that the particular wine so intended to ha7f been be exported, and every part thereof shall (the danger of the pai * seas and enemies excepted) be shipped and exported to the port Vox., XXXV Uu or

63s Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786,

or place to which such wine is in such notice, in that behalf herein before directed to be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatsoever, and shall not be unihipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put on board any other ship, vessel, or boat, in Great Britain, ((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted); which bond the officer of excise of the port or placet from whence such wine shall be exported, appointed for that purpose by the said respective cotmniffioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, is hereby directed to take, in his majesty's name, and to his majesty's use; and the said exporter shall also, before the shipping of such foreign wine, make oath, that he believes the duties upon such foreign wine have been fully paid, which oath they the respective commissioners of excise, or any one or more of them for the time being, are, and the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer appointed for that purpose by, the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and such respective commissioners of excile, or any one or more of them, or such surveyor or supervisor, or other officer, being satisfied of the truth of such oath, shall, within one month after the actual exportation of such wine, give to the said exporter, or his clerk or agent, a certificate or debenture, expressing the quantities of such wine Certificates of fq shipped; and, if such wine so shipped was French wine, whe expone^etc er lie ^ame was rene rec w^ne or French white wine; or if to be given to such wine so shipped was not French wine, whether the same * entitle expor was foreign red wine not French, or foreign white wine not ter to the fol French; and that all the duties hereby imposed on such wine backs^diaw* ave keen P for the same; and that bond, with sufficient fer curity, hath been given, before the shipping the same, for the due exportation thereof; and such certificate or debenture'being produced to the collector of excise of the portor place from whence such wines were so exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the person or persons so exporting the same, or their agents, out of the duties by this at imposed on foreign wine, the following drawbacks or allowances, (that is to say);

for every tonne "For every tonne of French wine, for which all duties due and wineexported paya^e in respect thereof have been fully paid, exported from to America, this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America, or the East or to any part of the united dates of America, or to any British ladies, 19i. settlement in the East Indies, as merchandise, the sum of niner i36*‘* teen pounds, thirteen Shillings; and foin proportion for any

greater or lesser quantity :

foreve^ton And for every tonne of such French wine, exported from this p°acejs°l£skingdom to any other part or place beyond the seas, as merchandise, the sum of eleven pounds, five Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every tonne And for every tonne of foreign wine, other than French wine,

reien wine to or duties due and payable in respect thereof have

‘ been

.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. 639

been fully paid, exported from this kingdom, to any British co America, 14i. lony or plantation in America, or to any part of the united 7s*5 states pf America, as merchandise, the sum of fourteen pounds, seven Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

And for every tonne of such foreign wine, other than French For every tonne wine, exported from this kingdom to any British settlement in of other so the East Indies, as merchandise, the sum of nine pounds, seven [heeaftlndies teen Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lefier IS; 9

quantity:

And for every toil of such foreign wine, other than French For every ten wine, exported as merchandise from this kingdom to any other of other so part or place beyond the seas, the sum of five pounds, thirteen other Shillings 5 and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity. piace> 5\ 130.

And if such collector of excise shall not have money in his Drawbacks hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of may he paid excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said draw ^on^estrlfiris back or allowances out' of any money in their hands, arising from duties 5 from the duties hereby imposed, or any of them : provided al imposed by ways. That it shall and may be lawful for the officer attending this a ft. the shipping of such foreign wines, if he thinks it necessary, at Officers may the port or place of exportation, and also for the proper officer Pe" andin "of the customs, if he shall think it necessary, upon the shipping packed for any such wine for exportation, to open and examine such foreign exportation, wine as shall be so paeked, in order that he may be satisfied and if any part that such wines are the same that are described in the account be so sent by the officer in whose presence any such wine was foe r U paeked: provided always. That if, after the shipping any such foreign wine, and the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a drawback or allowance of any of the duties before paid thereupon, the same wine, or any part thereof, shall be un(hipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat; within this kingdom ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said wine which shall be so unihipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or bot, within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XLIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such bond, herein before directed to be given, shall howimporta be discharged in manner herein after mentioned; (that is to sin bonds fay). For such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or land charged ^ ed in Ireland, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a g certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond, and within twelve months for such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any other port or place in Europe; and within eighteen months for such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any of his

U u 2 majesty's

Officer not entitled tore ward, unless notice of seizure be given within i hours. Account of seized wine to be taken, and not removed without permit.

No dealer in wine to a£fc as a joffice of peace in matters concerning this act.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III cu 59. [1786.

majesty's plantations in America or Africa, or any of the united states of America; and within twenty-four months for such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hopei which said certificate for such wine as aforesaid as shall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs there, importing that such wines were thereland ed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his majesty's customs shall be resident in such port or place where such wines shall be landed, such certificate shall be signed by the British consul, or other person acting as such there, importing that such wines were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his majesty's customs, or British consul, or other person acting as such, shall be resident in such port or place where such wines shall be landed, such certificate shall be under the common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or ' place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such wine was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, upon proof, in either of the said cases, that such wines were taken by enemies, or perished in the feasor by fire, or were spent and consumed on board the ship or vessel in which the same were exported during the voyage, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being.

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no officer of the customs shall be entitled to any reward given on the seizure of any wine by virtue of this at, unless notice of such seizure be by him given, within twelve hours next after such seizure, at the next office of excise, or to the supervisor of excise of the diftricsb where such seizure shall be made, who shall be obliged, on such notice, to take a particular account of the species and quantities of all such wine so seized; nor shall any such wine be afterwards removed without a permit or certificate signed by such officer of excise, or supervisor of the place or district from whence such wine is to be removed, under the penalties of such wine being forfeited, and the, same shall and may be seized as forfeited by any other officer or officers of the customs, or by any officer or officers of excise.

LI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person whatsoever, being a dealer in or seller of foreign wine, or who is or shall be anyway interested or concerned in the trade or business of dealing in or selling wine, shall, during such time as he shall be so interested or concerned in the trade or business of dealing in or selling wine, at as a justice of the peace in any matter or thing whatsoever which shall anywise concern the execution of the powers or authorities given or granted by this at; and if any such person or persons shall, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, presume to exercise any such powers or authorities, or to do any at hereby

authorised

by

641

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59j.

authorised to be done by any justice or justices of the peace, all such acts, so executed or done by such person or persons, shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That any person or persons who (hail be convicted of wilfully Persons tak taking a false oath, in any of the cases in which oaths are re ing false oaths quired to be taken by virtue of this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and rers. corrupt perjury.

LIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all the moneys arising by the duties imposed by this act, Duties to be (all costs, charges, and expenses, of railing, receiving, collect exchequer ing, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, being sir ft lna applied to deduded), shall from time to time be paid by the said respective the purposes commissioners of excise into the receipt of the exchequer, and oftherepealed shall be applied to the same uses and purposes, and under such duties, regulations, as the moneys arising by the said additional impositions, rates, or duties, and additional impositions or duties upon the produce thereof, by this act repealed, where applicable unto before the passing of this act.

LIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, for Powers of ad feitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, 14 c*r# fumade in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Southeast putl^forcef cond, entitled. An act for taking away the court of wards, and where not liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purvey hereby repeal ance> and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or e by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established, for managing, raising, levying, colleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (othjer than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall bepractised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties upon foreign wine hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, diredfons, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted iq this present act.

LV\ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Howpenal

shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, ties are to be

means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be and

sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of

excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court

of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of

every such fine, penalty, ' or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them

who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

U u 3 lvi.and

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 59* [1786.

LVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced actions. against any person or persons, for anything by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be com menced within three months next after the matter or thing General imie. one, an fce ja|j jn t|le proper county, and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their adioa or prosecution, or judgement fnall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or de treble costs fendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LVII And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid. Probable cau That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and t^indentnify brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any wine seized the officer. as forfeited by virtue of this or any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on foreign wine, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horse, cattle, or carriage, used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be found for the claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify that there was a probable cause for making such seizure, and in such case the claimant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure;; that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such wine, or of any such ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, or carriage, used or employed in removing or carrying the same, whether any information shall be brought to trial to condemn the same or not, and a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, o or^cefsto That no writ or process shall be sued out against any officer or tula month's °®cers the customs or excise, or against any person or per notice has - fons acting by his or their order, and in his or their aid, for h?£n given, anything done in the execution, or by reason of this act, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered so him of them, or left at the usual place of his or

............................. ' ' their

-

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.59. 6^2

their abode, by the attorney or agent for the person or persons

who intends or intend to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid;

in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained

the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person

or persons in whose name such action is intended to be brought,

and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent;

and that a see of twenty Shillings, and no more, shall be paid Fee of notice

for the preparing and serving of every such notice.

LIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such officer or Tender of officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their aid, amends to be to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time of^aion" ^ within one calendar month after such notice shall be given, to *

tender amends to the person or persons complaining, or to his, her, or their agent or attorney, and in case such amends are not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or them, grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which such action shall be brought; and if, upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such addon, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as he or they Costs. would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the general issue q^nly; and if upon issue so joined the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such damages as they shall think proper.

LX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any case No evidence where an action shall be grounded on any act done by the debe produc fendant or defendants, shall be permitted to produce any evi containedfo** dence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be con the notice, tained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover etc. any verdict against such officer or officers, or person or persons acting in his or their aid, unless it shall be proved on the trial of such adticn that such notice was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant or defendants in such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid'

LXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any such officer or officers, or others acting in his Money may or their aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have ^qupr^asint: 0 tendered inlufficient amends, before the action brought, it shall amends and may be lawful for him or them, by leave of the court in which such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit,

UU4 where

conditions, but the proprietors not be entitled to damages.

644 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59. [1786,

whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court

A noli prose LXII And be it further enacted, That in case any profecu

entered'wh re tl0n commencec^ by any °fficer or officers of the cuf

penaltierhave toms or exc^e ^ recovery of any penalty incurred by vir been uninten tue of this at, it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's at tionally in torney general, in case it shall appear to his fatisfaduon that curred. such penalty was incurred without any intention of fraud, to flop all further proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, upon every such information, as well with respect to the share of such forfeiture to which any officer or officers of his majesty's revenue shall be or may claim to be entitled, as to the share thereof to his Majesty belonging.

LXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Goods unin That in case any goods or commodities whatever, or any ships, forfeited may ve^'els, bots, horses, cattle, or carriages, shall be seized as for be restored on feited, by virtue or in pursuance of this act; it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners the customs or excise respectively, on evidence given to their satisfaction, that the forfeiture arose without any design or intention of fraud in the proprietor of proprietors of such goods or commodities, ships, yefifels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, to order the same to be restored to such proprietor or proprietors, in. such manner and on such terms and conditions as under the circumstances of the case shall appear to the said commissioners of the excise and customs respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and if the said proprietor or proprietors shall comply with the terms and conditions prescribed by such commissioners respectively, it shall not be lawful for the officer or pfficers who shall seize such goods or commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, or any other person or persons whatever, on his or their behalf, to proceed in any manner for the condemnation thereof; but if such proprietor or proprietors shall not comply with the terms and conditions prescribed by the said commissioners refpe&iveiy, such officer or officers shall be at liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to proceed for the condemnation of such goods or commodities, hips, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, as if this law 'had not been made; and if such proprietor or proprietors shall accept the terms and conditions prescribed by the said commissioners of the customs and excise, such proprietor or proprietors shall not have, or be entitled to any recompense or damage on account of the seizure or detention of such goods or commodifies, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, or have pr maintain any action whatever for the same; any law, custom, pr usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV And whereas, by. an act made in the twenty thirdyear of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom, and to prevent the relanding of refined sugar, entered

Recital of aft *3 Geo P 70.; and

(jock^lc

i^86.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 59, 645

for exportation, to obtain the drawback or bounty; it was en afledy That, from and after the first day September, one thousand even hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any forty in any hogfheady or other cask whatsoevery should be removed or carriedy either by land or by water, from any outporty creeky or haveny in Great Britain, not being within the limits of the port London, to any other town, forty or place whatsoevery within the same lingdomy without a certificate first had and obtained from the collector and comptr oiler, or the chief officer of the customs at or near eft to the towny forty or place from which such wine was intended to be so removedy certifying that the duties due and payable for such wine had been paid at the port or place of importationy or that the same was wine sold for falvagey or that the same had been compounded for, or condemnedy as the case might bey referring to the time wheny and the place wherey such wine was enteredy foldy compounded for, or condemnedy and expressing the * quantity and sort of winey with the marks of the package thereof \ to what placey and to whom the same was confignedy and by what carriage y and by whom the same was intended to be removedy which faffs should be verified by the oath 1f the importer or proprietor of such wine; and if the wine was to be removed by landy the certificate should also express and' limit the time for which such certificate should continue in force: and whereas by an other affy made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said Majestyy intituledy An act to re a&14 Geo. vive and continue several laws relating to the allowing the ex 3*

Eortation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to a is majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as (lores to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to extend the provisions of an at of the twenty-third year of his present majesty, relative to the removal of wine in casks, to wine removed in bottles, and other packages; reciting the said clause herein before recited of the said affy made in the twenty-third year of his said present Mqjeflf s reigny and that great quantities of wine which had been clandestinely imported into. the out ports of this kingdom, and run on shore without payment of the duties due for the famey had been afterwards removed from thence to other parts within this king doniy and into the port of London, in bottles and other small packages y it was enaffedy Thaty from and after the twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said in part recited affy and every clause and matter thereiny so far as the same related to the removal of wine in hogsheads or other tafksy or infliffed any penalty or forfeiture upon the removal of such wine without such certificate, or upon persons who should falsely make oath to any of the faffs therein required to be fworny or who should forgey counterfeit, erafey altery or falsify any certificatey or knowingly make use of any certificate so forgedy counterfeit edy erafedy olteredy or falfifiedy should extendy and be conftruei to. extendy in like manner, to the removal of any sort of wine in bottles, or any other packages whatsoevery as fully, to all intents and purposesy as if the several claufesy r efir iff ions y penalties, and forfeitures relative thereto were again repeated and re en qffed in that aff; and whereas the good purposes by the said clauses ciaufes of the

intended recited acts.

forbidding the removal of wine from any out port without certificates, repealed.

Commencement of this act.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. [1786.

intended, will be effectually answered by the provisions of this act, and the said clauses will therefore be unnecessary to be continued in force; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

LXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall commence and take eflfedt, as to all such matters and things therein contained in respect ?whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

CAP. LX

An act for the further increase and encouragement of hipping and

navigation.

Preamble. X H E R E A S the wealth and frength of this kingdom, and V V the prosperity and safety of every part of the British empire, greatly depend on the encouragement given to hipping and navigation : and whereas it is proper that the advantages hitherto given by the legifature to Ships owned and navigated by his Majejlfs subjects Should from henceforth be confined to hips wholly built and fitted out in his Majesty s dominions: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, From Aug. i, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun bum^out ofp an ei£hty*fix, no ship or vessel foreign built (except such

his majesty's or vessels as have been or shall hereafter be taken by any

douim msex f his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any private or cept prizes, other ship or vessel, and condemned as lawful prize in any fe en "court of admiralty), nor any ship or vessel built or rebuilt upon rnviieles^fa any forsign made keel or bottom, in the manner heretofore. British Oiip; practised and allowed, although owned by briti/h subjects, and but foreign navigated according to law, shall be any longer entitled to any

ihip9, built of the privileges or advantages of a briti/h built ship, or of a

owned by briti/h subjects; and that all the said privileges hereby to be ar, d advantages shall hereafter be confined to such ships only as rirpnved ot are wholly of the built of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey, t he privileges Jersey, and the isle of Man, or of some of the coionics, planta wv now tions, islands, or territories in Asia, Africa, or America, which now belong, or at the time of building such ships or vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs or successors: provided always. That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit such foreign built ships or vessels only as, before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, did truly and without fraud wholly belong to any of the people of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, and the isle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and

which

ey now See

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60.

which shall be navigated according to law, and shall also be registered in manner herein after directed, from continuing to enjoy the privileges and advantages they have hitherto enjoyed, or from importing or exporting such goods or commodities as may now be legally imported or exported by such ships or vessels, into and from such ports and places as is now by law allowed, and under such rules, regulations, and reftricftions as have heretofore been made touching such foreign built ships or vessels, and subject and liable to all such duties as have been imposed on any goods or commodities imported or exported as aforesaid in such foreign built ships or vessels, by any actor acts of parliament; and provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to deprive any ship or vessel, which before the pafiing of this acct hath been built or rebuilt upon any foreign made keel or bottom, and which, before the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, was duly registered as a British ship, from continuing to enjoy any privilege or advantage to which such ship or vessel is now by any law or usage entitled; nor to prevent any such ship or vessel which shall have been begun to be repaired or rebuilt before the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, from being registered according to, and in pursuance of this acct, by an order under the hands of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, or of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them; which order the said commissioners respectively are hereby authorised and empowered to grant, if it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the said commissioners respectively upon oath, that such ship or vessel was stranded by the act of providence, and not with a fraudulent intent, and was, at the time of being so stranded, the foie property of some foreigner or foreigners; or that such ship or vessel was a droit of admiralty, and it be in like manner fully and clearly ascertained, to the fa tisfa&ion of such commissioners respectively, that the said ship or vessel, from the damage received by being so stranded, was xrendered unfit to proceed to sea without undergoing a thorough repair in this kingdom, and that (he was necessarily sold for the benefit of the foreign owner or owners, or, being a droit of admiralty, was sold by virture and under the authority of an order or commission from the court of admiralty, and that (lie was fairly and openly purchased by a Britift fubjcdt or lubjedts, and, being the foie and entire property of such Britift) subject or fub jech, that die hath been so much repaired that two thirds of her at the lea ft are of British built.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, re

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven built, or where hundred and eighty six, no ship or vessel shall be deemed or repairs ex taken to be british built, or enjoy the privileges thereunto be longing, which shall from thenceforth be rebuilt or repaired in rein port, to any foreign port or place, if such repairs shall exceed the sum of

fifteen Britishi built.

r

, ption in our of ex aordinary damages sustained on voyages.

Expenses of repairs to be certified, on arrival, to an officer of the customs.

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 60. [178&

fifteen Shillings for every tonne of the said ship or vessel according to the admeasurement thereof, unless such repairs shall be necessary by reason of extraordinary damage sustained by such ship or vessel during the absence of such ship or vessel from his majesty's dominions, to enable her to perform the voyage in which (he shall be then engaged, and to return in safety to some port or place of the said dominions; and that before such ship or vessel shall be repaired, so as to exceed the sum aforesaid, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall report the ttate and condition thereof upon oath, or (being a quaker) upon affirmation, to the British consul, or other chief British officer, if there shall be such consul or officer at the port where it shall be necessary to repair such ship or vessel, and shall cause such ship or vessel to be surveyed by two fit and proper persons to be approved of by such consul or chief British officer; and shall deliver to such consul or chief British officer, in writing, the particulars of the damage sustained by such ship or vessel, and shall verify upon oath, or (being a quaker) upon affirmation, (to be administered by such consul or chief British officer), the particulars and amount of the repairs of such ship or vessel; and that the same were become necessary in consequence of damage sustained during the voyage to that port, to enable such ship or vessel to prosecute the voyage then intended, and to return to some port or place of his majesty's dominions, which the said consul, or chief British officer, is hereby required to certify under his hand and seal; and if there shall not be any British consul, or chief British officer, resident at or near the port or place where such repairs may be necessary, then that such survey shall be made by two fit and proper persons, to be approved of by two known British merchants residing at or near such port or place; and that such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall produce to such merchants as aforesaid, vouchers of the particulars and amount of the repairs of such ship or vessel, whose certificate of the same shall be of the like force and effect as that of the British consul, or chief British officer resident in any foreign port or place; and in case any ship or vessel shall, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be repaired in any foreign port or place, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall make proof on oath, or (if a quaker) by affirmation, before the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs in the port of his majesty's dominions where the said ship or vessel may first arrive (if required by them foto do; which oath or affirmation the said collector and comptroller, or other principal officer, or either of them, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), describing the nature and amount of the charge or expense of such repairs; and if such charge or expense shall appear to exceed the before mentioned sum of fifteen Shillings for every tonne of the

admeasure *

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.60. 649

admeasurement of such ship or vessel, and the said matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver to such colledior and comptroller, or principal officer of the customs, or to one of them, the certificate so required to be produced in such cases as aforesaid, the said ship or vessel hall be deemed and taken to be a foreign built ship or vessel, to all intents and purposes whatever.

III And whereas it is highly expedient that the provisions made for the regi/lry of Ships and vessels by an act, made and passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds (entitled, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade), Should be altered and amended, and that the same Should be extended and applied to Ships and vessels other than those which are therein particularly described; be it therefore enacted, That all and every ship or vessel having Provisions of a deck, or being of the burden of fifteen tonnes, or upwards, be 7 & 8 Guh longing to any of his majesty's subjecfs in Great Britain, or extended^o^ Guernsey, Jersey, and the Isle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid veffe]s Of, 5 coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, shall, from and after tonnes, and up the respective times herein after expressed, be registered in manwards, and ner herein after mentioned; and that the person or persons reffiftrtoli. claiming property therein shall cause the same to be registered, tainedf and shall obtain a certificate of such registry from the colledlpr and comptroller of his majesty's customs in Great Britain or the Jfle of Man, or from the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chies, and principal officer or officers of his majesty's revenue of customs, residing in the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or in any of the said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, refpedtiveiy, in.manner herein after directed;; that the form of such certificate hall be as follows 3 videlicet:

In pursuance of an act, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of Certificate of King George the Third, entitled, An act [here insert the title British regi of the act, the names, occupation, and residence, of the fub ftry* scribing owners], having taken and subscribed the oath required by this act) and having sworn that he, [or, they, ] together with [names, occupation, and residence of non subscribing owners, ] is [or are] foie owner [or, owners] of the ship or vessel called the [(hip's name] of [place to which the vessel belongs], whereof [matter's name] is at present wafer, and that the said ship or vessel was [when and where built, or captured, and date of condemnation]; and [name and employment of the surveying officer] having certified to us that the said ship or vessel is [whether British, Foreign, or British plantation built], has [number of decks] decks, and [number of mails] mafis, that her length, from the forepart of the mainfiem. to the after part of the fisrn pofl aloft, is [number of feet and inches], her breadth at the broadefi part, whether above or below the main ivales, [number of feet and inches], her height between decks [number of feet and inches, if more than one deck, and if not, then] the

'

650

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. [1786,

depth of the hold [number of feet and inches], and admeasures [burdens] tonnes that she is a [kind of vessel, and how built], has [whether any or no gallery]gallery^ and [kind of head, if any] heady and the said subscribing owners having consented and agreed to the above description and admeasurement, and having caused sufficient security to be given, as is. required by the f aid act9 the said [kind and name of the vessel] has been duly regijlered at the port of [name of the port].

Given under our hands and seals of office, at the custom bcufe in the said port of [name of the port], this [date] day of [name of the month], in the year [words at length].

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No registry That no such registry shall hereafter be made, or certificate made, chut thereof granted, by any person or persons herein before autho which a vessel t0 make registry, and grant such certificate, in any belongs, ex other port or place than the port or place to which such ship or cept for prizes vessel shall properly belong, except so far as relates to such ships condemned at or veffe}s as shall be condemned as prizes in any of the islands Sleft autho' Guernsey, Jersey9 or Man which ships or vessels shall in fu rifed by the ture be registered in manner herein after directed;; that all commissioners and every registry and certificate granted in any port or place to ofthecustoms. which any such ship or vessel does not properly belong, shall be

utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes, unless the officers aforesaid shall be specially authorised and empowered to make such registry, and grant such certificate, in any other port, by an order in writing under the hands of any four or more of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or of any three or more of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, for the time being, which order the said commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to issue, in manner aforesaid, if they shall see fit.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The port from That the port to which any ship or vessel shall hereafter be and to which deemed and taken to belong, within the intent and meaning of

this act, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, the port from and to which such ship or vessel shall usually trade, or (being a new ship) shall intend foto trade, and at or near which the husband, or acting and managing owner or owners of such ship or vessel usually resides or reside.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au

No registry to thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained lhali ex sot vessels tend' or be construed to extend, to require to be registered, ac belonging to cording to the directions of this act, any ship or vessel of war, the royal fa or any other vessel, of whatever built the same may be, or under roily. whatever description the same may fall, being the property of

his Majesty or the royal family, or any of them, or any ligliters, barges, boats, or vessels of any built or description whatever, used solely in rivers or inland navigation.

y VII And

a ship usually trades, to be deemed her port.

2786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. 6$ t

VII And it is hereby declared. That no ship or vessel built No ship built in any of the colonies of North America, now calied, The United™ l*n*te<l States of America, during the time that any at or acts of parlia dur?

ment made in Great Britain, prohibiting trade and intercourse ing the exist with those coionics, was or were in force, nor any ship or vessel enee of any which was owned by, or belonged to the subjedis of the saidpr°hibttory united states, or of any of the said dates respectively, during ^ be^egifter the existence of those acts, and not registered before the com ^ thereof, is or shall be entitled to be registered under this present actor to any.of the privileges or advantages of a British built ship or vessel, unless such ship or vessel shall have been taken and condemned as lawful prize, or, having been stranded, shall have been built or rebuilt, and registered in the manner heretofore practised and allowed.

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no No subject re

subject of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, whose usual residing out of

fidence is in any country not under the dominion of his Ma ^*

his heirs and successors, shall be deemed or entitled, dur to be entitled

ing the time he shall continue foto reside, to be the owner in to be the

whole or in part of any British ship, or vessel, required and au owner of any

thorifed to be registered by virtue of this act, unless he be a auth o j ' ^ nzea to be rc®

member of same British factory, or agent for, or partner in, any giftered, ex

house or copartnership, actually carrying on trade in Great Bri cept a mem

tain or Ireland. her of a fac

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t01T> etc That so much of the said recited act passed in the fevemh and Oath required eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the by the reqited Third, as directs the oath therein contained to be taken on reap. of gui 3m giftering the ships and vessels therein described, shall be, and the iepeaiea* same is hereby repealed.

X And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No registry no registry shall henceforth be made, or certificate granted, unto be

till the following oath be taken and subscribed before the person f^fjowin or persons herein before authorised to make such registry, and be taken? grant such certificate respectively, (which they are hereby re Ipedtively empowered to administer) by the owner of such ship or vessel, if such ship or vessel is owned by or belongs to one person only; or, in case there shall be two joint owners, then by both of such joint owners, if both shall be resident within twenty miles of the port or place where such register is required, or by one of such owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater distance from such port or place; or if the number of such owners or proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of such owners or proprietors, if the greater number of them shall be resident within twenty miles of such port or place as aforesaid, not in any case exceeding three of such owners or proprietors, or by one of such owners, if all shall be resident at a greater distance.

T ABOS [place of residence and occupation] do make oath,

** That the ship or vessel [name] of [port or place] whereof [mailer's

Addition to be made to the oath when the requisite number of members do not attend.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. £1786.

ftetvname] is at present master, being [kind of built, burden, fcfr. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer] was [when and where built, or if prize, capture, and condemnation] and that 1 the said AB. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they refpeduvely reside, videlicett Town, place or parish, and county, or if member of, and resident in any fadtory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for, or partner in any house, or copartnership actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such fadtory, foreign town or city, and the names of such house or copartnership] am [or are] foie owner [or owners] of the said veffef and that no other person or persons whatever hath or have any rights title, interest ^ Share or property therein or thereto; and that I the said AB. [and the said other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona side a subjefi [or subjefis] of Great Britain; and that I the said AB. have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the bed of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign state whatever [except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof], or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign states respectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have taken the fame] and prior to the passing of an all in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, (entitled, An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation), I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subjefi [or subjefis] of Great Britain [either by his majesty's letters patent, as a denizen or denizens, or naturalised by act of parliament, as the case may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the actor acts of parliament for naturalisation respectively] or [as the case may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen [or denizens, or naturalised subjefi or subjefis, as the case may be] of Great Britain, by his Majesty's letters patent, or by an act of parliament passed since the first day January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fiixy [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such actor acts for naturalisation have passed respectively], and that no foreigner, direfib or indirefily, hath any Share or part or interest Jn the said ship or vejfet.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, in case the number of joint owners or proprietors of any ship or vessel shall amount to three or more, and three of such joint owners or proprietors shall not personally attend to take and subscribe the oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, then, and in such case, such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, as shall personally attend, and take and subscribe the oath aforesaid, shall further make oath, that the part owner or part owners of such ship or vessel' then absent is or are not resident within twenty miles of such port or place, and hath or have not, to the best of his or their knowledge or

belief.

\

belief, wilfully abfenred.himself or themselves, in order to avoid the taking the oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, or is or are prevented by illness from attending to take and fublcribe the said oath

XII And, in order to enable the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's cufioms to grant a certificate, truly and accurately defer ibitig every jfhip or vessel to be regifieredin pursuance of this act, and also to enable all other officers of his majesty's cufioms, on due examination, to difebver zvhethcr any fiuh ship or vessel is the same with that for which a certificate is alleged to have been granted; be it enacted by

the authority aforesaid, That, previous to the registering or Ships to be granting of any certificate of registry as aforesaid, some one or examined, etc. more proper person or persons, appointed by the commission catesare^^** ers of his majesty's customs in jengland and Scotland, or by the granted, etc. governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the *

time being in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, or of the coionics, plantations, islands, or territories aforesaid reflectively (taking to his or their assistance, if he or they shall judge it necessary, one or more person or persons killed in the building and admeasurement of Chips) shall go on board of ev$ry such ship or vessel as is to be registered, and shall ftridmy and accurately examine and admeasure every such ship or vessel, as to all and every particular contained in the form of the certificate herein before directed, in the presence of the matter, or of any other person who shall be appointed for that purpose on the part of the owner or owners, or, in his or their absence, by the said matter, and shall deliver a true and just account in writing of all such particulars of the built, description, and admeasurement of every such ship or vessel as are specified in the form of the certificate above recited, to the person or persons who shall be authorised as aforesaid to make such regiftrv and grant such certificate of registry; and the said matter, or other person attending on the part of the owner or owners, is hereby required to sign his name also to the certificate of such surveying or examining officer in testimony of the truth thereof, provided such matter or other person shall consent and agree to the several particulars set forth and described therein.

XIII And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That f

if such person or persons so appointed to examine and admea tins ormak sure such ships or vessels as aforesaid, shall wilfully deliver to any ing false re person or persons authorised to make registry and grant certi giftries, etc. ficates of registry as aforesaid, a false description of any of the ^p8*for%. particulars hereby required to be contained in such certificate; X or if any person or persons herein before authorised to make such registry, and grant such certificates of registry, shall know ingly make any false register, or grant any false certificate, in regard to any of the particulars required by this present at, he or they, on being convicted thereof by due course of law, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminfiery in the court of justiciary, or the court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of record in the coionics, plantations, islands, or territories.

Vol. XXXV

X X

or

654 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III co. [x786.

or in the royal court in Guernsey or Jersey, or in the superior court of justice in the isle of Man, as the caje may be, shall re fpectively forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and be for ever incapable of holding or enjoying any office or employment under his Majesty'

And whereas the officer or officers so appointed to examine and admeasure such Ships and vessels as aforesaid, may not always be enabled to cave such hip or vessel to be laid on bore, for the purpose of ascertaining her tonnage, according to the rule now by law pre/cribed for that purpose: and whereas it would in some cases endanger such hip or vessel foto do: be it therefore enacted by the authority

Method of af aforesaid, That in cases where it may be necessary to ascertain

tonrfa^when ie tonnase ^ any ue p.s.. or ve^s when afloat, the follow veffelfare * ing method shall be observed; videlicet. Drop a plumb line over afloat. the stern of the ship, and measure the distance between such

line and the after part of the stern port, at the load water mark; then measure from the top of the said plumb line, in a parallel direction with the water, to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water mark, at the forepart of the main Item, fubtradting from such measurement the above distance, the remainder will be the ship's extreme length, from which is to be dedudted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water, for the rake abast, and also three fifths of the chip's breadth, for the rake forward, the remainder shall be esteemed the just length of the keel to find the tonnage; and the breadth shall be taken from outside to outside of the plank, in the broadest part of the ship, either above or below the main wales, exclusive of all manner of (heathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the side of the ship; then multiplying the length of the keel for tonnage, by the breadth so taken, and that product by half the breadth, and dividing by ninety four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage: provided always, that ' nothing herein befare contained shall in any wise be construed to alter the manner of admeafuring the tonnage of any ship or vessel which has heretofore been practised for the * purpose of ascertaining the light duties, or any other duties or imports whatever, payable according to the tonnage of any ship or ' vessel.

XV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Bond to be thaty'at the time of'obtaining the certificate of registry as afore given, not to fold, sufficient security by bond shall be given to his Majesty, c^escand to his heirs and successors, by the master and such of the owners return them as shall personally attend, as is herein before required, such fern cases herein curity to be approved of and taken by the person or persons specified. herein before authorised to make such registry, and grant such

certificates of registry, at the port or place in which such certificate shall be granted, in the penalties following; (that is to say)

> If such ship or vessel shall be a decked vessel, or be above the burden of fifteen tonnes, and not exceeding fifty tonnes, in the penalty of one hundred pounds; if exceeding the burden of fifty ions, and not exceeding one hundred tonnes, in the penalty of

three

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 60.

three hundred pounds; if exceeding the burden of one hundred tonnes, and not exceeding two hundred tonnes, in the penalty of five hundred pounds; if exceeding the burden of two hundred tonnes, and not exceeding three hundred tonnes, in the penalty or eight hundred pounds; and if exceeding the‘burthen of three hundred tonnes, in the penalty of one thousand' pounds: and the condition of every such bond fnali be, that fubh certificate shall not be sold, lent, or otherwise disposed of, to any person or per fpns whatever, and that the same shall be solely made use of for" the service of the ship or vessel for which it is granted; and that in case such ship shall be lost, or taken by the enemy, burnty or broken up, or otherwise prevented from returning to the port to which she belongs, the certificate, if preserved, shall bd delivered up, within one month after the arrival of the matter in any port or place in his majesty's dominions, to the collector and comptroller of some port in Great Britain, or of the isle of Man, or of the British plantations, or to the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chies, for the time being, of the islands of Guernsey or Jersey \ that if any foreigner, or any person or persons for his use and benefit, shall purchase or otherwise become entitled to the whole, or any part or Chare of, or any iniereft in such ship or vessel, and the same shall be within: the limits of any port in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Many or the British coionics, plantations, islands, or territories aforesaid, then and in such case the certificate of registry shall, within seven days after such purchase or transfer of property in such Chip or vessel, be delivered up to the person or persons hereinbefore authorised to make registry, and grant certificates of registry, at such port or place respectively, as aforesaid;; if such ship or vessel shall be in any foreign port when such purchase or transfer of interest or property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British consul, or other chief British officer, resident at or nearest to such foreign portor if such ship or vessel shall be at sea when such purchase or transfer of interest or property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British consul, or other chief British officer, at the foreign port or place in or at which the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall first arrive after such purchase or transfer of property at sea, immediately after .his arrival at such foreign port; but if such matter, or other person who had the command thereof at the time of such purchase or transferof property at sea, shall not arrive at a foreign port, but shall arrive at some port of Great Britain, Guernjey, Jersey, Man, or his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, then that the same shall be delivered up in manner aforesaid, within fourteen days after the arrival of such ship or vessel, or of the person who had the command thereof, in any port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or any of his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories: and that if any pass commonly called A Mediterranean Pass shall have been obtained

X X a; or

656

Mediterrane

with certificates.

Tenor of in dorfements on

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. [1786.

or procured for any such ship or vessel, then and in such case defiverevu^6 shall be delivered up at the same time, and in like

p manner, with the certificate of registry aforesaid, to the person or persons hereinbefore authorised to receive such certificate of registry: and such certificates so delivered up shall forthwith be transmitted to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively: : such Mediterranean passes shall be also transmitted to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain by the person or persons herein before authorised to receive such certificates and passes, in order that the same may be cancelled.

XVI And whereas the provisions made in and by the aid recited act) touching the endorsement on certificates of regijby, in case of any. alteration of the property in any ship or vessel, in the same port to which the ship or vessel belongs, have been jound insufficient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, in every c°rtukate8s of besides the endorsement required by the said recited

registry, etc. acts, there shall also be endorsed on the certificate of registry, before two witnesses, the town, place, or parish where all and every person or persons to whom the property in any ship or vessel, or any part thereof, shall be so transferred, shall reside; or if such person or persons usually reside in any country not under the dominion of his Majesty, his fyeirs and successors, but in some British fadtory, the name of such factory of which ' such person or persons is or are member or members; or if such

person or persons reiide in any foreign town or city, and, are not members of some British fadtory, the name of such foreign town or city where such person. or persons usually reside, and also the names of the house or copartner ship in Great Britain or Ireland, for or with whom such person or persons is or agent or partner, or agents or partners; and the person or persons to whom the property of such ship or vessel shall be so transferred, or his or their agent, shall also deliver a copy of such endorsement to the person or persons authorised to make registry, and grant certificates of registry, as aforesaid, who are hereby required to cause an entry thereof to be endorsed on the oa\h or affidavit upon which the original certificate of registry of such ship or vessel was obtained; and shall also make a memorandum of the same in the book of registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give notice thereof to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland, under whom they respectively adh

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when and so often as the property in any ship or vessel, belonging to any of his majesty's subjects, shall be transferred to any other or others of his majesty's subjects, in whole or in part, the certificate of the registry of such ship or vessel shall be truly and accurately recited, in words at length, in the bill or other instrument of sale thereof, and that otherwise such bill of Tale shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That

Certificate to be recited in all transfers of property.

i?86.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii Ilf. co. 657

That when and so often as the matter, or other person having Changes of or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, registered in manner herein before djreded, shall be changed, the matter endorsed on or owner of such ship or vessel shall deliver to the person or per certificates of fons herein before authorised to make such registry, and grant registry, C such certificates of registry, at the port where such change shall take place, the certificate of registry belonging to such ship or vessel; who shall thereupon indorfeand subscribe a memorandum of such change, and shall forthwith give notice of the same to the proper officer of the port or place where such ship or vessel was last registered pursuant to this act; who shall likewise make a memorandum of the same in the book of registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give notice thereof to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XIX And whereas many frauds are committed by the frequent, change of names given to Ships and vessels, and the difficulty of comparing the entry in the book of regifiers, herein after directed to be kept by all such person or persons as are authorised to regijler Ships and vessels, and to grant certificates of the J'ame, with the registers of which they claim the benefit, is thereby greatly increased; be it there change to fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be law ships^ames full for any owner or owners of any ship or vessel to give any which, and name to such ship or vessel, other than that by which (he was their ports, first registered in pursuance of this act; and that the owner or must be paint owners of all and every ship or vessel which shall be so register on The

ed, shall, within one month from the time of such registry, paint vessels. or cause to be painted, in white or yellow letters, of a length not less than four inches, upon a black ground, on some conspicuous part of the stern (provided there shall be sufficient space for that purpose, but if not, then in letters as large as such space will admit) the name by which such ship or vessel shall have been registered pursuant to this act, and the port to which (he belongs, in a distinct and legible manner, and shall so keep and preserve the same; and that if such owner or owners, or matter, look penalty or other person having or taking the charge or command of such *

or vessel, shall wilfully alter, erase, obliterate, or in anywise hide or conceal, or cause or procure, or permit the same to be done, unless in the case of square rigged vessels in time of war, or shall in any written or printed paper, or other document, de feribe such ship or vessel by any name, other than that by which (he was first registered pursuant to this act, or shall verbally de feribe, or cause or procure or permit such ship or vessel to be described, by any other name, to any officer or officers of his majesty's revenue, in the due execution of his or their duty, then, and in every such case, such owner or owners, matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ‘(hip or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every person and persons who shall apply for a cer Persons ap tificate of the registry of any ship or vessel, in Great Britain, cerftfiqates in

X X 3 Great Britain,

658 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. [178 6.

&c.to produce Guernsey, Jersey, or The isle of Man, which shall be built, or X whole building shall be completed after the first day of August, the ships one thousand leven hundred and eighty six, shall, and they are

from the hereby required to produce to the person or persons authorised

builders, and to grant such certificate, a true and fuii account, under the hand thdc*dath*t° le ^u*^er of such ship r vessel, of the proper denomination, C - and of the time when, and the place where, such ship or vessel was built; and also an exa<$l account of the tonnage of such ship or vessel, together with the name of the first purchaser or purchasers thereof, (which account such builder is hereby directed and required to give under his hand, on the same being demanded by such person or persons so applying for a certificate as aforesaid); and shall also make oath, before the person or persons herein before authorised to grant such certificate (which oath he or they are hereby authorised to administer) that the ship or vessel for which such certificate is required, is the same with that which is so described by the builder as aforesaid.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons make qqlat a]] an(] every person or persons who, from and after the 'thfntnvhe first day of Januaryone thousand seven hundred and eighty coionics, after seven, shall apply for such certificate, as aforesaid, in any of his

majesty's said coionics, plantations, or territories, shall, before such certificate is granted, produce the like account, under the hand of the builder, and take the like oath as is herein before required to be produced 2nd taken by persons applying for the like certificate in Great Britain.

XXII wand be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if the certificate of the registry of any ship or vessel which shall be obtained in pursuance of this act, thall happen to be lost, or mislaid, a register and certificate de novo, in the form hereinbefore diiedted, shall be granted for such ship or vessel, according to the regulations contained in an act, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for further regulating the plantation trade > and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from A merica; and for preventing collusive captures there; and for obliging the claimers of vessels seized for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give fecurily for costs; and for alloiving east-india goods to be taken out of warehoujesy in order to be cleaned and refrcjhed.

xxill. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case such security shall be given as is herein before directed; and that in lieu of the oath directed to be taken by the said recited acts, the like oath shall be taken and subscribed, as is herein before directed to be taken and subscribed by the owner or owners of such ships and vessels as are required to be registered by virtue of this act.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any ship or vessel, after (he shall have been registered pursuant to the airedlions of this act, shall in any manner whatever be altered in form or burden, by being lengthened or built

- upon,

Security to be given, on receiving fresh' ' and oath. made as herein before directed, instead of the oath 15 Geo. 2.

C 31.

Ships, if altered, nmft be registered a

Jan. 1, i7*7> to conform to the particulars in the last clause.

If certificates be lost, new ones to be granted, according to act 15 Geo. 2. C 31.

1785.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 5o. g

upon, or shall be altered from a (loop to a brigantine, or from new, or to be any one denomination of a vessel to another, by the inode 0rde.eme^^°* method of rigging or sitting, in such case such ship or vessel re, sn*

shall be registered de novoy in manner herein before required, as soon as she returns to the port to which (he belongs, or to any other port in which (he may be legally registered by virtue of this acton failure whereof such ship or vessel shall to all intents and purposes be considered, and deemed and taken to be a foreign ship or vessel.

XXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the owner or owners of all such ships and vessels as shall The condem be taken by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by nation of pri any private or other ship or vessel, and condemned as lawful zes, and the prize in any court of admiralty, shall, upon registering such ship theveffeu8&c. or vessel, before he or they shall obtain such certificate as afore must be pro * produce to the proper officer of his majesty's customs a duced, to en certificate of the condemnation of such ship or vessel, under the to a cer- hand and seal of the judge of the court in which such ship or veltd shall have been condemned (which certificate such judge is hereby authorised and required to grant), and also a true and exadi account, in writing, of all the particulars contained in the certificate heroin before set forth, to be made and subscribed by one or more Skilful persons to be appointed by the court to survey such ship or vessel^atid shall also make oath before the said officer (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer) that such ship or vessel is the same vessel which is mentioned in the certificate of the judge aforesaid.

XXVI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ship or vessel which shall be taken frizes Gotland condemned as prize in any court of admiralty as aforesaid, demned in shall be registered in the islands of Guernsey Jersey, or the ijje Guernsey,,, Matty although belonging to his majesty's subjects residing in teredatesouth those islands, or in focne one or other of them: but in order ampton, C that the duties now by law due and payable to his Majesty on

such ships and vessels may be levied and collected, the same shall be registered either at Southampton, Weymouth, Exeter, Plymouth,

Falmouth, Liverpooly or Whitehaven, by the collector and comptroller at such ports respectively, who are hereby authorised and required, after the receipt of the said duties, to register such ship or vessel, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form, and under the regulations and reftridlions in this act contained.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in all the cases where any ship or vessel, so taken and con Tfie sum m demned as aforesaid, in any of his majesty's coionics, planta oath, for tions, islands, or territories, aforesaid, shall be registered, and which a prize obtain a certificate of such registry, in manner herein before di sold in the co redied, an exact and particular account shall be subjoined to such joined to certificate, of the sum for which such ship or vessel shall have the certificate been sold, verified by the oath of the person or persons who shall apply for such registry and certificate, in order that the aforesaid duties due and payable to his Majesty may be the better levied

X X 4 and

66o Ahno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. f 1786.

and colle&sd, upon the arrival of such ship or vessel in any port or place of Great Britain where such. duties are by law due and payable. *

XXVIII And whereas the trade to and from his majesty's European dominions, and the coionics, plantations, islands, and territories, in Asia, Africa, and America, to his Majesty belonging, is liow by law confined to such Ships only as are of the built of Great Bri * and Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, and of the said coionics, plantations, islands, and territories: and whereat Ships wholly owned by British subjects, and navigated according to law, can be legally used and employed only in the European trade of this kingdom, and the same are, by virtue of this act, allowed to be continued in the said trade until the same shall be worn out; and it is therefore vecejfary to distinguish such ships and vejfeis respectively in the certificates to be granted pursuant to this act; be it therefore enacted by Certificate to the authority aforesaid. That the certificates which shall hereaf hat part the ter be granted in pursuance of this ah shall distinguish whether ship was built. such ships or Vessels be of the built of Great Britain ox Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, ox the coionics, plantations, islands, or territories aforesaid, or of any foreign country; and shall, if briti/h built, be entitled, Certificate of British Plantation Regifiry\ and if such ships be foreign built, shall be entitled Certificate of Foreign Ships Regiflry for the European Trade, British Property, as the case may be.

XXIX 'And whereas many ftiteign luilt ships and vejfeis belbnginjr to, or pretending to belong to, his majesty's subjects, have by fraudulent contrivances, and under false pretences, obtained regifiers, by virtue of which such Ships and vejjels are at present used and employed, contrary to the laws now in force, in the trade to and from his ma iefiy's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, in Asia, Africa, and America; and it is therefore expedient and necessary, for detesting the frauds at present committed, and for preventing the same in future, that all regifiers heretofore granted should be called in, and delivered up to the proper officer to be cancelled, and that new regifiers, of the form hereinbefore described, Should be granted in lieu thereof, in the manner hereinbefore directed, to all such ships or vessels as shall appear, to be legally entitled to the same: and whereas it is expedient tojpecify and dir eft at what time, and in what manner, all aether ships and vejfeis, which are not now by law required to be rggifiered, should hereafter be regifiered, according to the intent and meaning of this act, and Should receive certificates according to the form and in the manner herein before directed: be it therefore enabled by the authority ghipfi already aforesaid, That the commissioners of his majesty's customs in registered to England and Scotland, respectively, be authorised and required, cmificaiterfeir an they are hereby authorised and required, to give public for new ones; notice, by al such ways and means as they shall judge most pro and others per and effectual, that within a certain reasonable time or times now required as ny be best adapted to the distance of the ports to which the led to^ppiy r ftips and vessels owned by his majesty's subjects shall respectively for certifi belong, to be by them specified and published, certificates of resales, &c„ giftry, according to the form herein before described will bv ‘ ' ........ ' — :, ready

1786.] Anno vicefiqio sexto Georgii III C 60. 661

ready to be granted, in manner herein before directed, to all such ships and vessels as shall be legally entitled thereunto, and that the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, not heretofore required to be registered, shall, on the first arrival of every such ship or vessel at the port or place to which (he belongs, after the expiration of the notice herein before diredfed, cause such ship or vessel to be registered, and shall obtain a certificate thereof, in manner herein before directed; and that the owner or owners of any ship or vessel, which shall have been heretofore registered, shall in like manner, upon the first arrival of such ship or vessel at the port or place to which (he belongs, after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, cause such ship or vessel to be again registered, and obtain a certificate thereof, according to the form and in the manner herein before described, and shall then deliver up the register before granted, if the same be not lost or mislaid; and if the same shall have been lost or mislaid, shall make oath before the proper officer of the customs that such register has been lost or mislaid, and shall give security in like manner as is diredfed and required by the said act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in the case of registers and certificates de novo.

XXX And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the expiration of the notice herein before Times allow directed, twelve months shall be allowed to all ships and vessels fd for obtain belonging to any of the ports of Greet Britain, or the islands of ccr*

Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, to be registered and obtain certificates f according to the form and in the manner herein before described 5 and that, in like manner, froth and after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, eighteen months shall be allowed to all ships and vessels belonging to any of the ports in his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in Africa or America, to be registered, and to obtain certificates according to the form, and in the mariner herein before described 5 and that, in like manner, from and after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, thirty months shall be allowed to all ships and vessels trading or fifning beyond the Qape of Good Hope, or Gape Horn, to be registered, and obtain certificates according to the form, and in the manner herein before described: and that at the end of the said term of twelve months, with respect to such ships and vessels as belong to the ports of Great Britain, and the islands of Guernffi, Jersey, or Man and in like manner, at the end of the said term of eighteen months, with respect to all ships and vessels that belong to any of the ports of his majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, in Africa or Atnericai and in like manner, at the end of the said term of thirty months, with respect to all ships and vessels trading or fishing beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn, no other register or certificate shall be of force or efsect, except such as shall be'granted in puf fuance of this act j and that all other registers and certificates?

shall from thenceforth be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatfoevetv

"f ' XXXI Pro

662 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. [1786.

XXXI Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by Certificates the authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen that any may be grant such ship or vessel, from any unavoidable necessity, or reasonable ^munavoid cau^ej all not return to the port to which Ihe belongs within able necessity, the rhyme herein before limited, it shall and may be lawful for „ application the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and scot could not be lan&reflectively for the time being, and they are hereby required, Emited* time upon prof being made to their satisfaction of such unavoidable necessity or reasonable cause, to cause such ship or vessel to be registered

upon the terms and conditions, and under the regulations and reftridtfons directed and required by this act j anything herein contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afore ships leaving said. That no ship or vessel, which by this act is directed to be certificat hereafter registered, or which is directed, instead of the register forfeited slow re(lu‘re^ by law, to take out a new register, according to'the

form, and in the manner herein before described, shall be permitted, after her first arrival at the port to which (he belongs at the expiration of the notice herein before directed, to clear outwards to foreign parts or coastwise, or to proceed to sea in order to fish on the coasts, or for any qther purpose whatever, as a British ship or vessel, or shall be in any wise entitled to the pri „ yileges of a British ship or vessel, unless the owner or owners

thereof shall have obtained a certificate according to the form, and in the manner herein before described; and in case any such ship or vessel shall depart from such port without being registered, and without having obtained a certificate as aforefaicj, every such ship or vessel shall be subject to forfeiture, and alio all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, to such ship or vessel belonging.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority If ships be aforesaid. That if, after the expiration of the notice aforesaid, any the°^rt to°u* or vee' (being square rigged) shall be found in any. port which they within the distance of twenty leagues by water from the port to belong, with which (he belongs, or if any vessel, hot being square rigged, be out certifi found within any port, other than that to which lhe belongs, must be^iven wbhout having obtained the certificate of registry herein before that theyg(hall directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal of be procured, ficer or officers of such port, and he or they is and are hereby

required to detain such ship or vessel, qntil the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall, if such ship or vessel be under the burden of fifty tonnes, give security by bond in the penalty of fifty pounds, in manner hereinafter directed; and if such ship or vessel shall exceed the burden of fifty tonnes, and shall not exceed that of one hundred tonnes, then until the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall, in like manner, give security by bond in the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if such ship or vessel shall exceed the burden of one hundred tonnes, then until the

master, or other person having or taking the charge or command

thereof.

hosted by

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III co. 66j

thereof, shall, together with one sufficient security, (to be approved by such principal officer or officers), give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be taken by such officer or officers, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, with condition that such matter, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, shall forthwith repair with her, as soon as conveniently may be, (or being employed in the fish ery on'the banks of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, at the end of the filling season), to the port to which (he belongs, and there cause her to be registered, and procure a certificate of such registry, in the form and manner herein before directed, and produce and deliver to such officer or officers such certificate of registry, within the time limited in the condition of such bond; which limitation of time such officer or officers is and are hereby authorised to fix, according to the distance which such ship or vessel may be from the port to which (he belongs, and the nature of the voyage in which (he may then be engaged, and on failure of producing and delivering such certificate as aforesaid, such bond shall be forfeited; but if such certificate shall be produced and delivered to such officer or officers within the time so limited in the bond, such bond shall be void and of none efsect, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to cancel the same: and in case any square rigged ship or vessel, after theex if square rig pi ration of the notice aforesaid, shall be found in any port diftaot £ed vessels more than twenty leagues by water from the port to which (he the porttto* belongs, or that the water at the entrance of the port to which which they be such ship or vessel belongs shall be so (hallow as not to admit: long, certifi her entrance into the same, without endangering the fafetyjoif b.c..

such ship or vessel, the matter, or other person having the charge thefr teing or command of such ship or vessel, shall, within forty-eight hours surveyed, cafter his arrival at such port as aforesaid, make known his arrival at the port to the collector and comptroller of the customs, or other princi whee they pal officer of such port, and shall require such collector and touc (comptroller, or other principal officer, to cause his ship or vessel to be surveyed by the proper officer at such port, who shall be appointed pursuant to the directions of this act to survey ships and vessels there, and who fhsill accordingly make a perfect and accurate survey thereof, and certify the several particulars thereof in like manner as is herein before directed, and such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer, shall immediately transmit the said certificate of survey to the persons authorised to register ships and vessels, and grant certificates of registry, at the port to which such ship or vessel belongs, who thereupon, and upon all the other reiquifites of this act being complied with,

shall register such ship or vessel, and grant a certificate of the registry thereof pursuant to this act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the colleddr and comptroller, or other principal officer or officers of the customs in the port where such ship or vessel shall be so found, and he or they are hereby authorised and required to detain such ship or vessel until a perfect and

accurate

/

664

produced at every port, on penalty of lool.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. [i786.

accurate survey thereof shall be made in manner herein before directed.

: XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore certificates of said, That after the. expiration of the notice herein before re registry to be quired, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge r command of every ship or vessel which shall have been registered, and shall have procured a certificate of the registry, according to the directions of this act, shall, upon demand, produce such certificate of registry to the principal officer or officers of every port in his majesty's dominions, or to the British confui or chief British officer in any foreign port in which such ship or vessel shall arrive, for the inspection of such officer or officers, jbritish confui, or chief British officer, in order to satisfy him of them that (he has been properly registered, under the penalty of one hundred pounds.

XXXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the proper officer at every port and place where registers and certificates shall be granted in pursuance of this act, shall progressively number the same as they shall be several ly count of them granted, beginning such progressive numeration at the com to be trans hiencement of each and every year; and shall enter an exact copy mhted to the every such certificate, with the number thereof, in a book to comtniffion kept for that purpose; and shall also forthwith, or within one "month at the furthest, transmit to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in London and Edinburgh, .under whom they re fp6£tjvfely at, a true and exact copy, together with the number jbf fevfcry certificate which shall be by him so granted 5 and that if ny such officer or officers shall neglect or refuse foto do, he or they so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of rone hundred pounds, and shall, for the second offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be dismissed from his or their office or offices.

Certificates, C to be numbered, and an ac

ers of Customs.

Penalty for neglect.

Copies of XXXVI And be it also further enacted by the authority certificates aforesaid, That the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland to^scotland shall in like manner transmit, at the end of every month annually in each year, to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in transmitted to England, true and exact copies of all such certificates as shall be the cuftorn grafted by them, or by any officer or officers within the limits of knd m"eng' their commission, in pursuance of this act. :

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore sums to be said, That in lieu of all stamp duties now by law imposed on reeflh*n offt ch bonds as shall be entered into by the owner or owners of ships built any or vessel built before the first day of May, one thousand prior to May seven hundred and eighty six, or by any person or persons on 1, 1786, in their behalf, upon such ship or vessel being first, registered, and obtaining a certificate, in pursuance of this act, there shall be u ies> Ct paid the sum of one shilling, and no more; and that in lieu of all fees and perquiiites now payable to any person or persons, on the registry of any ship or vessel, so built before the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be

paid

G gle

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60. 665

paid on the first registry of every such ship or vessel, pursuant to this adfc, the following sums, and no more (that is to say), By all ships or vessels deeked, or of the burden of fifteen tonnes, and not exceeding fifty tonnes, the sum of one shilling and sixpence, and no more; and by all ships or vessels exceeding fifty tonnes, and not exceeding one hundred tonnes, the sum of two Shillings and (ixpence, and no more; and by all ships or vessels exceeding onfe hundred tonnes, and not exceeding two hundred tonnes, the sum of three Shillings and sixpence, and no more; and by all ships or vessels exceeding two hundred tonnes, the sum of five Shillings, and no more; which several sums shall be payable to such officers respectively, in the same shares and proportions in which the sums now payable are distributed: provided always. That the stamp duties stamp duties, sees, and perquifltes now due and payable upon continue to the registry of, or transfer of'property in any ship or vessel, shall transfers°of continue to be paid as heretofore, save and except upon the first property, registry in pursuance of this a (ft, of any ship or vessel built and registered before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

XXX VIII And whereas fence the conclusion of the late war, re gifiers have been granted or promised to ships and vessels not thereunto by law entitled, by his Majesty's governors, or by the officers of his Majesty s customs, in consideration of services rendered to the public by the owners of such ships and vessels, at the time of evacuating the countries, or towns, and posts held by his Majesty's forces in the countries now belonging to the unitedfates of America, or in confederation of the removal offamilies, to whom fetch flnps and vessels belongs into the countries now belonging to his Majesty: and whereas regift crs have aljo in some cases been so granted or promised to other ships and vessels by the governors of his Majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, and territories under mtjconception of the laws relating thereto, and the property of such ships or vessels has bona side, and without fraud, been transferred to others of his Majesty'ssubjects, who under the protection thereof now use and employ feuch ships and vessels: and whereas it may be therefore just and reajonable, in particular cases, where no fraud or collufeon shall appear to have been praftifedy that such ships and vessels Should be admitted to a regiflry9 and that a certificate should be granted to the owners thereof pursuant to this act: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and Privy council tnay be lawful to and for his Majesty, by and with the advice of order his privy council, to order any such ship or vessel, under the cir stead to eumftances before mentioned, to be registered, and to have a wh0m they certificate thereof, according to the form and in the manner have been herein before described and directed, if his Majesty in his wif .granted or dom shall think fit; and in case any fuif shall have beeri com conjuration menced for the condemnation of such ship or vessel, it shall and of thei7fer a may be lawful for his Majesty, by order in council, to. direct all vices, though proceedings thereupon to be staid, either absolutely, or upon such not otherwise terms or conditions as his Majesty shall think fit. entidedtherc

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority afore toc said, That it shall and may be lawful for any governor, lieutenant

governor.,

666 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 60* [ijsg.

Suits com governor, or commander in chief of any of his Majesty V coio mencedinthe nies, plantations, islands, or territories, and they are hereby retouching fp^tvely authorised and required, in any of the cases aforesaid, giftersgranted if any suit, information, libel, or other prosecution or proceeding such'ftnps of any nature or kind whatever shall have been commeneed, or ™aybe ft°pt shall hereafter be commeneed, in any court whatever, in any of rest 'sokafure tie cones plantations, islands, or territories, respectively, be known. touching the force and effect of any register granted to any ship or vessel, in any of the circumstances aforesaid, upon a representation made to any such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chies, to cause all proceedings thereon to be staid, if he shall see just cause foto do, until his majesty's pleasure be known, and certified to him by his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council; and such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chiefs is hereby required to transmit to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, to be laid before his Majesty in council, an authenticated copy of the proceedings in every such case, together with his reasons for causing the same to be staid, and such documents (properly verified) as he may judge heceffary for the information of his Majesty.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any person or persons authorised and required by this neglect of act, in respect of his or their office or offices, to perform any act

®uty* or thing directed and required to be done or performed pursuant

to any of the provisions of this act, shall wilfully neglcdt or refuse to do or perform the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such person or persons so neglecting or refusing shall, on being, duly convicted thereof, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and for the second offence shall forfeit, in like manner, the sum of five hundred pounds, and shall from thenceforth be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any office or employment relative to the revenue, or in any civil capacity whatever.

XLI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons make That if any person or persons shall faifely make oath to any of ing false oaths the matters herein before required to be so verified, such person ^er^ur r or per^ons foam suffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred and falfiifving by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if or using false any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificates to certificate required or directed to be obtained by this actor shall forfeit 500i. knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XLII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. How penalties That all the penalties and forfeitures inflicted and incurred by are to be re this a shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in wh^i^the courts anche dtfpofed of in such manner, and by such

officers share, ways, means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted, or which may be incurred, for any offence committed against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, pro si fecuted.

: ogle

1786.] Ahno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 61. 667

fecuted, recovered, arid disposed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to and receive the same share of the produce arising from such seizures, as in the case of seizure for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, for any offence against this act, as any officer or officers is or are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XLIII And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every matter contained in the said AH acts rela herein before recited acts, or in any actor acts of parliament in

heretofore passed, touching the trade, shipping, and navigation forccj except of Great Britain and the coionics, plantations, islands, and ter such parts as ritories aforesaid thereunto belonging, which is not hereby ex are hereby re prefsly altered or repealed, shall remain and continue in full force Pealec** and efsect, to all intents and purposes whatever 3 and so far as the same relate to the registry of ships and vessels, shall be deemed and taken to extend and apply in every respect to all ships and vessels authorised and required by this act to be registered, and to have certificates of registry.

XLIV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ships of Ire the ships and vessels belonging to his majesty's subjects redding land (awfully in the kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and registered regiftered211 according to the laws now in force, shall continue to enjoy all there, to en the privileges and advantages to which such ships and vessels joy the privi were by law entitled before the passing of this act, until the end Bri

of four calendar months from the commencement of the first ^ *8 session of the parliament of Ireland which shall hereafter sit, * during the space of four calendar months, without prorogation or dissolution; and that from the end of that time, every ship or vessel which shall, by virtue of the authority of any act that may be passed in the said parliament of Ireland be qualified and registered in any of the ports of the said kingdom of Ireland under similar regulations and restrictions to those herein before contained, shall continue to enjoy, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, all the privileges and advantages of a british built ship, or foreign built ship owned by his majesty's subjects, as the case may be, according to the provisions of this act.

CAP. LXI

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of pariia meat.

4, 600, 0001, granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impow ered to raise the sum of a, 600, 0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee

to

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 6 f i

to be taken, for book or registers, or entries, views, or searches, on for feiture of treble damages, with full colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment of thq value of the debt. Auditor, etc. neglecting his duty, liable for damages, and costs; to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering; where orders, are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders by endorsement, and to be entered with the auditor. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exeebequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the said act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby an thorifed to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 600, 000b notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias. The sum of 581, 4881. 15s. 9d. 3q. remaining in the exchequer on Jan. 5, 1786; 628, 9811. os. id. fuplus of sinking fund, April 5, 1786; 81, 3861. surplus of 6d. deduction on salaries C April 5, 1786; 16, 491!. 5s. surplus of wine duties, granted by 18 Geo. 2. April 5, 17865 afterpayment of annuities on (ingle lives by said act to Jan. 5, 1786; ao, i8il. 155. surplus of glass duties, remaining April 5, 1786, after paying annuities on lives granted by 19 Geo. i. C to Jan. 5, 1786; 12, 735b 15s. surplus of vellum duties, etc. remaining at April 5, 1 786, after paying annuities on lives granted by 30 Geo. a. C to Jan 5, 17861 40, 414b 9s. 5d. 3q. surplus of 2-7u1s excise, regaining in the exchequer, April 5, 1786, granted by 5 & 6. W. and M. after satisfying charges thereon, for the half year then ended; 100, 5081. 13s. id. 3q. of impressed, and other money remaining in the exchequer for disposition of parliament; 290, 8101.4s. 6d, iq. surplus of grants for land services in 1784, remaining in the exchequer; and 21, 568!. 138.2d. 3q. surplus for Chelsea hospital, for the year 1785, remaining in the exchequer to be issued towards the supply, by. order of the treasury;; 575b 4s. id. aq. of army savings in 1785, to be applied towards the extraordinary expenses of the land foroes, from Dec. 24, 1784, to Dec. 24, x785, not provide ed for. Moneys arising by the land tax aft, malt aft, loans, (1, 500, 000b) C 31. further loans, (i, ooo, oool.) C 33. further bills, (3, 000, 000b)lottery' aft, and also 581, 482b 15s. 9d. 3q. remaining in the exchequer, Jan 5, 1786, surplus of the sinking fund subject to disposition of parliament; 628, 982b id. overplus of grants in 17865 82, 386b surplus of sixpence deductions; 16, 491b 5s surplus of wine duties; 20, 281b 15s. surplus of glass duties; 12, 735b 15s. surplus of vellum duties; 40, 414b 9s. 5d. 3q. surplus of two sevenths excise; 100, 508b 13s. id. 3q. of impressed; and also 290, 810!. 48.6d. iq. for land foroes, etc. 1784; 21, 568b 13. id. 3q. for Chelsea hospital, for 1785; a, 6oo, oool. granted by this act out of the sinking fund, shall be applied ( with the reiidue of the moneys arising from the sale of French prizes, taken before the war in 1756, to the uses following; 2, 428, 326b 18s. 8d. for naval services, viz. for victuals, wear and tear of the navy, and the viftualling thereof, for the office of ordnance for sea service, for ordinary of navy, for half pay to sea and marine officers; and for maintaining 3620 marines, and rebuilding and repairing ships of war for 17865 287, 096b 178. id. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for land service, 1786; 59, 781b for completing works at Portsmouth, and Plymouth; 1, 978, 154b 15s. od. 3q. towards maintaining the land foroes, etc. viz. 647, 005b 8d. for defraying the charge of 17, 638 effective men, officers, etc. 134, 160b 5s. nd. for forces in the plantations, and Gibraltar, for 1786 5 6, 358b 3«* for difference between British and Irish establiflunents of six regiments, of foot at Gibraltar, in North America, and the Weft" Indies, etc for the same year; 6, 409b 8s. for pay of general and staff officers, in Great Britain, for the same year 5 24, 378b 78. 8d. iq. for fupet* numerary efficers, etc. for 365 days in the same year; 8, 130b 8s. yd, ig. for 1 regiment of light dragoons, and 5 battalions of foot, fervtng in the East Indies, for 17865 59, 320b 33s. jd. to the paymaster general, Secretary

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C

at war, commissary general of musters, judge advocate general, comptrollers of accorapts, etc. for exchequer fees and for poundage, for the same year; 11, 409!. 79. 6d. for widows pensions, for the same year 5 171, 6661. 10s. jd. for reduced officers, for the same year; 333i.9*. 7d. for reduced officers, etc. of the horse guards, for the same year; 175, 016!. 7s. 9d. for Chelsea hospital, for the same year; 53, 502!. 178. ad. for officers of Britiffi American foroes, for the same year; 3, 535!. 6d. for officers late in the service of the states general, for the same year; 1, 377!. 8d. 2q. for difference between the British and Irish establishments for several battalions in *784 and 1785; 364!- 5*. lid. for difference between British and Irish establishments for tour companies of foot in 1786, for 275 days; 573, 0871. 8s, 2d. 2q. for extraordinary expenses of land foroes, to Dec. 25, 1785, not provided for; j 80, 000!. to discharge exchequer bills of 22 and 23 Geo. 3; 30, 0001. to discharge arrears of civil lists to Jan. 5, 1786; 1, 500, 000!. to discharge exchequer hills of is Geb. 3;

1.000. 000!. more for paying off exchequer bills, 25 Geo. 3; 1, 000, cool, for paying off bills made out by virtue of another act of the same year; a4ooo3oool. for paying'off bills of 21 Geo. 3; 12, 259!, 98. 2d. issued ih pursuance of addresses of the house of commons; 25, 0001. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset house; 6, oobi. for erecting a house adjoining the Admiralty, to keep books/papers, etc. in; 3, 85*1. 178. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, 900!. for the civil establishment of the iffand of St. John in America; 1, 8*61. *58, yd iq for a demand due to the late John Else, esq. late agent for the province of West Florida, surplus of his account between June 24, 1772, and June 24. 1776; 2, 66ol. for the civil establiftiment'of the Bahama Islands, in addition tofalaries on duty fund, charged from Jan. 1, 1786, to? Jan. r, 1787; 2, Tool, for the island of Cape Breton, to June 24, 1787; 580i. for the salary of the chief justice of the Bermudas, to June 24, 1787; 4, 3001. for the civil eftabiilhment of New Brunfwkk in America to the same time; *3, 0ool. for forts, etc. in Africa; 6, 500!. for purchasing lands in St. Vincent; 6, 356!. for the purchase of the soil of the Bahama Islands;

9.0001. to the commissioners of public accounts; i, oool. to make good a like sum issued to the secretary to th said commissioners; 1, 68tl. 183. 4d. for profecutipn ofpoinersj 14, 939!. 5s. od. iq. for the mint, in 17855 5, 7841. for new roads, etc. in the highlands, in 1786; io, oool. to the Commissioners for inquiring into claims of American loyalists, Without fee; 178, 750v. to persons who have proved Ioffe* in America, by act 25 Geo. 3. C Proportions to American ftifferers, to be not more than 40). percent, to those bearing arms, and 30i. percent, to those other resident in America during the war; 55, 0001 for relief of American civil officers, etc. for one year; 3, 888!. 4s. to make good a like sum issued to the secretary of the commissioners; 61, 0591. 58- to make good alike sum issued to American civil officers; 3, 7501. 148. to make good a like sum paid to Though. Cotton, esq. for fees at the exchequer, o‘n receipt of 50, 000! granted to loyalists lait session;; 4261. 98. to make good a like sum issued to the said Though. Cotton, Thp. Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton, efqrs. for passage, etc. of commissioners of American claims, appointed to goto Nova Scotia or other part of American colonies and the expenses of their secretaries and clerks; 16, 061!. 16s. 3d. to make good a like sum issued to discharge bills drawn by governors of Nova Scotia, New brunswick, and Cape Breton, in America, and expense of convicts at Portsmouth, and Plymouth, etc.; 13377!. 6s. for damages sustained at saver sham, in Kent, by the blowing up of powder Mills, in 17&1; 4, 106!. ios. to Joseph Iodin Du Mauvoir, for loss by seizure of the ship La Grue, at Portudal, (a French factory), in 1776, by the Lord Dartmouth armed ship, sent from Fort Louis in the river Senegal for that purpose, by Matthias Macnamara, efqr. then lieutenant governor, cof Senegambia; 2, 5001. to Louis Borel, and Abraham Henry Bore!, dyers, for the disclosure of a method of dying Turkey Red, upon cotton in hanks, and in the piece; 3, 6321. ns. 50. for the payment for lands purchased under

23 Geo. 3, C 87; 12, 869!. ns. 7d. 3q. for compensation for lands purchased near Portsmouth, under 24 Geo. 3. C 29; 17, 388!. 12s. id. VOL, XXXV Yy for

670 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 62. [1786.

for compeofation for lands purcbased, etc. near Plymouth, under aft 14 Geo. 3. C a, etc.; 11, 560). 58. t7d. to Duncan Campbell, esq. for maintaining convids, etc.; and 31, 1991* 108. for transportation, etc. of convicts; 365, 7191. 28. 4d. aq. to replace a like sum paid out of the linking .fund for deficiencies of duties on tea, etc. to July 5, 1785; 16, 588).. 48* 6d. 3q. to make good deficiencies of the fund for paying annuities granted 31 Geo. a. to Jan. 5, 1785; 180, 3571. 38. 6d. iq. 'to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 18 Geo. 3. 177& to July 5, 1785; 15, 991!. 5«. ad. aq. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 19 Geo. 3. 1779 to July 5, 1785; 141, 8641. ns. 8d. to make good deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 29 Geo. 3. 1770, to the same time; 361, 9631. 3s. 4d. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 23 Geo. 3. 1783, to the same time; 202, 581!. 7s. ?d. aq. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 14 Geo. 3. 1784, to the same time; 127, 1381. 38. ad. 5 ths, to make good deficiencies of grants for 1785. Supplies not to be applied to any other uses than are directed by this act. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum of 172, 666!. jos. 5d. granted last year, for half pay. By an act 25 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 197, 7031. 78. lod. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying half pay officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, etc. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. LXII

An act to enable the east-india company to raise money by a sale of annuities, and by increasing their capitalflock.

Preamble. XT 7 HERE AS the public Jland indebted to the united company VV of merchants England trading to 'the East Indies, in the sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, lent, at various times, under the authority of fever alafts of parliament, for which an annuity is now payable to the said united company, to thf amount of one hundred and twenty six thousand pounds, being an intereji on the said debt, at and after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum: and whereas (he [aid united company, pursuant to the powers contained in an act of parliament made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled.

Recital of aft An act for giving further time to the proprietors of annuities

2, 3 Geo. 3, C after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to subscribe the same in the manner and upon the terms therein menfidn ed; and for redeeming such of the said annuities as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India company to raise certain sums by transferable annuities; have borrowed and '. taken 'in by fubferipiion, from sundry persons, the. sum of two millions

nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five billings, by a grant of annuities called India Annuities, which now carry an interest at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the yearly sum of eighty nine thousand seven hundred and sevenly three pounds, four shillings; and whereas, for the purpose of enabling the said united company to carry on an extended trade, and also to discharge the demands to which they are liable, it is necessary and expedient that the said united company should be enabled to raise a further sum of money than they are now enabled to do: may it therefore please your mod; excellent Majesty that it

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.62. 6yi

may be enacted,, be it enacted by the king's most excellent ihajesty, by and with the advice nd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it shall and Company may may be lawful to and for the said united company, and they borrow, with are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the consent tion^hhe and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury treafary, any for the time being, or any three of more of them, or of the"fum at 3l.per high treasurer for the time being, at such time or times, and in cent, the an such manner, as they shall find to be most for the advantage of of whieh^o s the said united company, to borrow and take in by subscription flot exceed or otherwise, from any person or persons, bodies politic or 36, **61. xs corporate, who shall be willing to advance the same, any sum or Aims of money, by the sale or mortgage of a fund attended with an annuity at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum not exceeding in the whole the annual sum of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty six pounds, sixteen Shillings, being an annuity due to the said united company from the public, in consideration of one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine pounds, fifteen Shillings, part of the said sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds; which said sale shall and may be made at such price or prices as the court of directors of the said united company, by and with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall thiflk fit; and that Theadditioiti from and after the time of such sale, the said annuities shall be ons h

paid and transferred in like manner, and the proprietors and terms^as

holders shall, in all respects, hold their respective ftiares of the the money said fund, to be purchased as aforesaid, in like manner, and borrowed un > upon the same terms as the respective present proprietors now dertherecited hold and enjoy the respective sums belonging to them in the curedby The said annuity fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two public in the thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five Shillings; and the same manner said annuities, foto be sold as aforesaid, shall be consolidated with the said fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five Shillings; and the said debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, due from the public to the said united company, and the annuities payable in respect thereof, shall be a collateral security to I

the proprietors and holders of the said annuities, foto be sold or mortgaged as aforesaid, in the same manner as for the said sum of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five Shillings, heretofore sold under the before recited act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, but subject nevertheless to such and the like proviso, or condition of redemption by the company, as the said sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, due to the company by the public is or shall be subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Companymay y y 2 it a, M to their

'*

6y2 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 62. [*786.

capital frock it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, fubi*°n°ti n7 an are lier?by authorised and empowered, by and with cnp n the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treafiiry for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the rhyme being, at any time or times hereafter, to open books, and ifo receive subscriptions from any person or persons, natives of foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their present capital (lock or fund of three millions tvvohundred thousand pounds, to any sum not exceeding the furtherfum of eight hundred thousand pounds capital frock, so as to make their whole capital frock the sum of four millions; which said additional capital frock shall be subscribed and paid for at the rate of one hundred and sixty pounds for every one hundred pounds of such frock, or at such other rate as the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of the commifrioners of his majesty's 1 treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, lhali dire<fr; which said subscription shall be made, and the money for the said act 1 ditional frock shall be paid in such manner and Form, and by such instalments and proportions, as the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; and the capital frock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and after the time of such payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a part or the capital frock of the said com subscribers to pany; and the said subscribers, from and after the time of make be uicorporat jng fu]j payment for the said additional frock, and their respec campanv etc tlve executor or adminifrrators and assigns, shall at all times ' be deemed and reputed to be members of the said united company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the regulations, rules and orders, whereto y the present stockholders and members of the said united company,

in respect of the frock held by, and belonging to them, are respectively entitled, subjedf, and liable unto, by any al or acts of parliament, charter, or bye-law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional frock shall be transferable and afrignable in the like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof (hail hold their respective shares of the said additional frock in like manner, as the respective present stockholders of the said company now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy, the respective sums now belonging to them in the present

capital frock of the said united company; and the same shall, in all respects, be consolidated and united as one joint frock.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Dividends on That the said united company shall and may, from time to tiie additional time, make and pay the like dividends, to the proprietors of the piid asoifthe ^ additional frock, as they now do and hereafter shall and present dock. may make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present frock of the said united company; the first of which said dividends

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.61i 673

4 dends shall commence from such time as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for the said subscription by the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid.

IV Provided nevertheless, and be if further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Preference in the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation subscribing as aforesaid, to give the option and preference, in subscribing

for the said additional (tock, to such persons as shall hold the nny be given said company's (lock at the time or times of such subscription to the present as afoiesaid, as far as, and not exceeding the amount of fifty proprietors, so pounds per centum on the capital (lock which shall then be held as xot tj> ex' by each ftockholder so subscribing, for all such sums as they £ent.*onthe" shall subscribe on or. before the first day of September one thou stock now sand leven hundred and eighty six; and in case the fublcrip held by them, tions, made by them on or before the said first day of September, I so fab

one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall exceed the mo^etharifuf sum proposed to be sold at that time, a proportionable deduc ficjent, a pro" tion shall be made from each subscription; and if such subscript portionable tion shall, on the close thereof, on the first day of September deduction to one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, fall short of the be sum proposed to be sold, the deficiency shall be disposed of to 11 cnp'

other persons, as the said court of directors, with consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

V Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, Court of di or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain the court of felfthe whole directors of the said united company, by and with such consent 0r part of the and approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more ftocktooneor person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, for the sale of more person the whole of the said annuity hereby authorised to be sold, or ^t.^the^coa for the sale of the said additional capital flock, or for such part penvt ^pthe or parts thereof respechvely as they shall from time to time treasury. think fit, and find it necessary and proper tdtell; but it shall

and may be lawful for the said court, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to sell the whole, or any part thereof, refpedtiveiy, to one or more person Or persons.

VI And be it further enacted, Thar, as soon as reasonably Receipts to be may be after the deposit or first payment shall be made for the given for de said annuites, hereby authorised to be sold, or for the said addi Posits aid to tional flock to be subscribed for, the said company's cashier or bfe^y^n ^™" treasurer shall give a receipt for the same, and fe from time to dorfement, time as future payments shall be made, which said receipts shall

be assignable and transferable by endorsement thereon; and when the first payment shall be made on the said annuities, to be sold, and on the said additional flock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the holder of such receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her name entered, in proper books to be keep by the said utiited company for those purposes, with an account of the anituity fund or the capital (lock belonging to each pro

Y y 3 prietor.

Guardians may purchase for infants, .etc.

074 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii HIC, %. [1786.

prietor, in like manner as the apcount of the present proprietors of India annuities alid flock are respectively kept.

VII Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Pepofitstobe That in case any subscriber or subscribers, after having subscrib^ fbb^ri^ions ec all ^. making all or any the payments agreed at the are not duly respective times for such payments, then, and in every such paid. case, the said united company (hull and may take in ftibfcrip

tions for and fell the annuity fund, or flock subscribed' for by such defaulter, to any other person or persons, and all deposits and payments made by such defaulter previous to such default, (half be forfeited to, and become the property of the said united company.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it flail and may be lawful for any guardian or truflee having the disposition of the money of any infant, to purchase the said annuities, and subscribe and pay for the said additional flock, or any part thereof respectively, upon the terms and conditions contained in this act; and such ipfant, upon the payment of such sum or sums by such guardian or truflee, shall be entitled unto the annuities or flock, so subscribed and paid for pn his account, and to all advantages in respect thereof, in like manner as any other purchaser or subscriber; and the said guardian or truflee, as to the sum or sums advanced by him, shall be, and is hereby discharged in refpe£l thereof, fp as the name of such infapt shall be expressed in the receipt or receipts for fuph money.

IX And be it further enacted. That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public at; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons yvhomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII

An act for the further preventing frauds and ahufes attending the payment of wages prize money, and other allowances, due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his majesty's Ships.

WHEREAS great frauds and ahufes are daily prattifed in the receiving of seamen's wages, notwithstanding former acts of parliament made for preventing the same: for remedy whereof he if enacted by the king's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cptrfmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no letter of attorney, made by any petty officer or seaman in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or letter of attorney made by the executors or administrators of any such officer or sea irian, in order to empower or entitle any person or persons to receive any wages, pay, or allowances of money of any kind, due or to grow due for such service, shall be good and valid, or sufficient" " ' ' " for

jpublick aft.

freamfclp.

From Aug.?, i786, noletter of attorney pf a petty q ficer, C to he Talid, unless made re

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 63. 675

for that purpose, unless such letter of attorney shall be made and declared to be revocable by the express words thereof; and that no letter of attorney, or will, made by any petty officer or sea Letters of atman

in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, torney, C to

.,.. J J u C be attested by

whereby any Wages, pay, prize money, or allowance or money the captai?1 of

of any kind, due or to grow due for such service, is authorised the Ship, C

to be received or bequeathed, shall be good and valid, and sufficient

for the purpose, unless such letter of attorney, or will, if

made by any such officer or seaman then in the service cff his

Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be signed before, and

attested by, the captain, or by the officer then commanding,

and one or other of the signing officers of the ship to which

such petty officer or seaman shall belong, and shall specify in the

body thereof the name of the ship, and also the number at

which the maker of such will, or letter of attorney, stands upon

the ship's book; or by the agent of any of his Majesty's hospitals

or quarters appointed to receive lick and wounded Teamen,

commonly called Sid Quarters, in which such petty officer or

seaman may be for the time; and unless such letter of attorney,

or will, if made by any such officer or seaman who shall have

been discharged from the service of his Majesty, his heirs qr

successors, or if such letter of attorney is made by the executors

or administrators of any such officer or seaman, and made if made with

within the bills of mortality of the cities of London and West

minster, Is attested by an officer to be appointed by the treasurer be°atfefted by

of his majesty's navy, for the purpose of infpedting the wills, an officer ap

and letters of attorney, of such officers and seamen, or, if made poinred for

at any of the ports where Teamen's wages are paid, is attested ft

by the treasurer of the navy's chief or second clerk there, or if the

made at any other place, is attested by the minister and church treasurer of

wardens of any parish in England or Ireland, or in that part of the navy's

Great Britain called Scotland, by the minister and two elders of clerk; and

the parish where such petty officer or seaman, executors or ad ^ace^y the

miniftrators, shall respectively reside. minister, etc.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every

such letter of attorney, and will, shall contain the name of the Particulars to ship to which the person granting the same la ft belonged, and ipecified m <ktfo the full del'cription of the residence, profession, or business, lorney and of the person to whom or in whose favour the fard letter of at wills torney, or will, is made, and also the day of the month, and place where the said letter of attorney, or will, was executed.

III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That after

such letter of attorney, or will, shall be executed under the Letters of at hand and seal of the party, and attested in manner above men torney, etc to tioned, the same shall not be delivered to such party himself, or toth^iw^or to any person or persons for his behalf, but the same, if executed gc^ and h*nrt abroad, shall be, with all convenient speed, sent by the com boards, etc mander of any of his majesty's ships, or agent of his majesty's hospitals or sick quarters, at the times when they transmit their respective returns to the navy and sick and hurt boards; or, if

Y y 4 executed

6j6 Anno vicefigio sexto Georgii III C 63. [i; 85.

executed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be seat by the commander of any of his majesty's ships, agents of his majesty's hospitals or sick quarters, treasurer of the navy's clerks, minister of the parish, or whoever of them shall] attest such letter of attorney, or will, by the general post, addressed to the treasurer or paymaster of the navy, at the navy pay office, London.

Letters of at IV And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the bt'delivered^0 trea^urer or paymaster of the navy shall immediately deliver to the officers over beame t0 the °fficer before mentioned, appointed for appointed to inspecting the will? and letters of attorney of seamen;; in in fpe£t them, fpedor shall, immediately on receipt of such letter of attorney, Wifter them or duly res^er the same in a numerical and alphabetical e 9 manner, in a separate book or books, to be kept by him for the purpose of regiftrating such letters of attorney, and wills, specifying the date of such letter of attorney, or will, and the place where executed, the name and addition of the person in whose favour such letter of attorney is granted, and the name and addition of the executor or executors named in such wills, and the names and qualities of the witnesses attesting the same; and and to exa the said inspector is directed and hereby required, if the same mine the fig shall appear to be witnessed by the commander of any ship, or ydtneffies*1 C agent f his majesty's hospital or sick quarters, or treasurer of * the navy's clerks, to examine and compare his signature to the attestation of such letter of attorney, or will, with that fet and subjoined to the pay or muster books of such ship, or with the returns made by the agent of such hospital or sick quarters, or any public accounts signed by such clerk of the treasurer of the navy, to all which documents it is hereby directed he shall have free access at all times, or with any other instruments and where which he may have in his possession or power; and in case it n^t^to^be ee appear t0 bim that such letter of attorney, or will, is not

mime, to flop genuine and authentic, he shall not pass the same, ' but shall them and ac give notice by letter, to be sent by the general post, to the per quaint the son in whose favour such letter of attorney is granted, or person parties there or persons named executor or executors in such will, informing him pr them that the said letter of attorney, or will, is stopped, If genuine, and the reason thereof; but if, upon such examination and en to btftan^pt quiry> ^ shall appear to the said inspector that the said letter of thereon, and attorney, 'or will, is genuine and authentic, he, or a person kept as authorised to officiate for him, shall sign his name to such letter vouchers of Gf attorney, or will, and also put a (lamp thereon, to be made counts anc kept orb pupp°^e> m token of his approbation thereof;

and every such letter of attorney shall be kept as one of the vouchers of the treasurer of the navy's accounts: and the said inspector shall, immediately after such inquiry and approbation. Notice tp be gjvg notice by letter, to be sent by the general post to the per tornies when" on ^ favour such letter of attorney is granted, that he powers are has received and approved of the same, and he shall at the same approved, and time send to such attorney a cheek, specifying the number of also checks to such letter of attorney, the name and addition of the person u pnze granting the same, - the name and addition of the person in whose

favour

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c677

favour the same is granted, the date and place when and where them to re executed, and the names of the witnesses attesting the same, ce*ve themo -- which said check shall be signed and stamped by the said in ney fpe6lor, or person authorised to officiate for him, and shall to such attorney (land in the place of his original letter of attorney, and shall be to him a sufficient authority to demand payment of and discharge all such wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money, to which the person granting the same was entitled for his service on board any of his majesty's ships; and the said / shall in like manner give notice, to be sent by the general post to the person or persons named and appointed executor or executors in such will, that such will is received and approved of; and the said inspector shall number and register Notice of ap the said will so (igned and stamped by him as aforesaid, and shall probation of make out a check, in the manner as above directed with respect to be tent C to letters of attorney, which check he shall forward in like man which willau ner to the said executor or executors, and which shall be a fuf thorize the ficient authority for them, or for their attorneys, to apply, uponexecutor to the testator's death, to the said inspector, requesting that the pro will may be directed and sent by him to a prodtor in Doctors Commons, where they may, on application, obtain probate thereof; which probate, when obtained, shall be lodged with the Probates to be said inspector of seamen's wills, who, or the person authorised to officiate for him, is hereby directed to certify, upon the check and The same formerly delivered, that a probate has been granted, and the certified upon check shall then, to such executor or executors, (land in the the check.

place of such probate, and shall be to him a sufficient authority. to demand payment of and discharge all sums that shall be due to him as executor to the party who made the said will.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the Tnfpector to abovementioned infpedtor shall, in return to all letters of at ch^clf® torney and wills received by him from ministers of parishes, ^otrtnfmits give notice as aforesaid to the said minister who transmitted the powers ofat same, and not to the grantor thereof, of his having passed and torney, etc. to approved of such letter of attorney, or will, and (end the check bedeliveredto by the general poll, made out in the manner abovementioned, tiie grantors to the said minister;; which notice from the said inspector shall be addrefted to the minister of the parish, (naming the same), without inferring the name of such minister, to be delivered to him at his manse or dwelling house;; every such minister cf a parish shall deliver the said check to the party who executed such letter of attorney, or will: and all letters and Letters packets addressed to, or sent by, the said treasurer or paymaster to', C

of the navy, or inspector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, paftfree of from and after the passing of this at, he sent and received free postage. from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under the same reftridlions, as the clerk assistant, and chief clerk without doors, of the house of commons of Great Britain now send and

receive the same.

VI And be it enacte<j by the authority aforesaid, That all Grants of let. captains and commanders of ships shall, upon their monthly ter8°f r mufterney t0 be ‘

678

ferted in the monthly returns.

The steps to betaken to recover wages, etc. due to men dying intestate.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 63. [1786.

muster books or returns, specify which of the men mentioned in the said returns have granted any letter of attorney during that month, or space of time from the preceding returns, by inserting the date thereof opposite to the party's name.

VII And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That when any petty officer or seaman belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his majesty's ships, shall die intestate, leaving any wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money of any kind, due to them in respect of such service, the same shall not be paid unto any representative of such intestate, but upon letters of administration to be obtained in the following manner; videlicet, The person claiming such administration shall give in a note or petition to the infpetfor of seamen's wills, dating the name of the deceased, and to what part of his majesty's dominions he originally belonged, and the name or names of the ship or ships on board of which he served, together with his own name and addition at full length, and his relation to, or connexion with, the deceased, and aifo what other relations, to the best of his knowledge, the deceased has alive at the time, and where they are resident; and which petition shall be certified by two reputable housekeepers of the parish, town, or place where such petitioner is resident, certifying that they believe the Contents of the said petition to be true; and which petition and certificate shall be further certified by the minister of the parirti, and two of the churchwardens, or two of the elders, certifying that the two persons who certified the petition, in manner abovementioned', are resident within the pa ri(h, arid persons of good repute : whereupon the inspector.of seamen's wills, as aforesaid, shall make such inquiry as to him shall appear necessary for ascertaining the truth of the said petition; and if, upon such inquiry, he shall be satisfied of the truth thereof, and it also appearing that no will of such deceased has been lodged with him, he shall deliver or send, to the person claiming to be such admirliftrator, an abstract of the said petition, with a note or ticket subjoined thereto, signed by the said inspector or person authorised to officiate for him, and marked with his stamp, certifying that the contents of the said petition appear to him to be true, and that the person claiming to be administrator may obtain letters of administration to the deceased, provided he is otherways entitled thereto by law; which certificate shall be directed by the inspector to a prodtor in Doctor's Commons, for the purpose that letters of administration may pass in favour of the petitioner, if entitled thereto by law, but not otherways; and such original petition and certificate shall be lodged and remain in the records of the treasurer of the navy, and be preserved by him; and the letters of administration, when obtained, shall be lodged and registered, in the same manner with the .probates of wills, in the hands of the infpedtor, who is hereby dire6ted to grant a check, signed and stamped by him, or by the person authorised to officiate for him, to the administrators, or their attorneys, which shall

e (land

i^86«] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0, 64. 679

(land in the place of the administration, and be to them a sufficient authority to demand payment of and discharge all sums that shall be due to them as administrators to the party deceased.

VIII And it is hereby further enacted, That if any proctor, Penalty on register, or other officer of any ecclesiastical court, shall be aid proctors, etc. ing and assisting in procuring probate of the will, or letters of administration, for the purpose of enabling any person to reprobates of eeive the wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money of wills, etc. any kind due or becoming due for their service on board any contrary to ship or ships then in, or formerly belonging to his Majesty, his this act heirs and successors, without first obtaining the certificate from

the inspector of Teamen's wills and letters of attorney, or person authorised to officiate for him, in manner above directed, every such proctor, register, or other officer, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, and for ever after be incapable of acting as proctor, register, or in any other capacity, in any ecclesiastical court in Great Britain ox Ireland.

IX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Abstracts of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the comtniflioners for this act to be executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall

direct abftrafts of this act to be printed, and that a competent and no cap number of the copies of the said abftradts be delivered to the tain to have

captain or commander of every ship and vessel of his Majesty, his general his heirs and successors;; such captain or commander, as 1

soon as the ship or vessel by him commanded shall be put into board;

are fa

sea pay, shall cause one of the said printed abftrafts to be hung tisfied it ha up and affixed to the most public place of such ship or vessel, been done, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all times be accessible to the petty officers and featnen on board of such ship or vessel;; the commissioners of the navy are hereby charged and directed strictly to inquire ' whether the directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said abstracts,; as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the captain or commander of filch ship or vessel, and not to grant such captain or commander his general certificate until they are fully satisfied thereof.

CAP. LXIV

An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the federal duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spiritsy and upon wortsj wash, and other liquors, there ujed in the dijlillation of spirits 3 and for 'granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS the mode established by the laws and regulations Preamble.

now in forte, for charging and securing the rates and duties imposed upon wort, wash and other liquors, used, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the dijlilling of spirits for home consumption, hath not been found to answer the good purposes thereby intended within that part of the united kingdom, and it is therefore expedient tot impose, in lieu thereof \ a moderate duty upon the said

wort)

68q

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 64. [1786*

wdrty tva/b, and other liquorf, to be ascertained by the size or con tent of the jtius there lawfully used in the making of low wines and Spirits and to impose a further equalising duty upon such spirits, made in Scotland for home consumption, as Shall be brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ena£ed; and be it enacted by the king's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the The duties same, That the several rates and duties granted and imposed by htscofiand6 any a or as parament now in force, or which (land and on distillation remain discontinued or suspended, for any time or term, upon of spirits, C any wort, waft), or other liquor, or any mixture with the to be disconti same, for extracting oflow wines or spirits in Scotland, or upon Year? from the ow w*nes or fyirhs there made or manufactured, or upon july ^ any licence required to be taken by any distiller or maker of spirits from corn or malt in Scotland (save only and except any arrears now due in respect of such rates or duties), shall be discontinued for the space of two years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From July 5, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand shall hi lieu even hundred and eighty six, there shall be substituted, charged, of the present anc Pai^ to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the distill duties, bepaid lers or makers of spirits in that part of Great Britain, called the following, Scotland, for and during the aforesaid term of two years, the *iz# rates and duties following $ that is to say.

For every ft ill For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the nuas for capacity or content of each and every still, including the head each englhh thereof, which shall be used or employed by such distiller or wine gailon maker of spirits, for the making of low wines or spirits from ofitscontents, corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other waft) or LI where British quor maje or brewed from any sort or kind of British mate

n)2tcri3i3 jrc ^

used. rials, or any mixture with the same, the yearly sum of one

pound ten Shillings sterling:

For each gal For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the ca lon ot its con pacjty or content of each and every still, including the head where^melaf thereof, which shall be used or employed by such distiller or fes or sugar is maker of spirits, for making low wines or spirits from melaffes used. or sugar, or any mixture therewith, the yearly sum of two

pounds ten Shillings sterling: :

for every For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the ca gallon where pacity or content of each and every still, including the head materi^are thereof, which shall be used or employed by such dirt filer or used^8 ^ maker of spirits for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder or waft) prepared from foreign materials, except melaffes and sugar, or any mixture therewith the yearly sum of three pounds sterling:

No wash still Which said respective duties shall be paid by the person or per under jo gal fons

1786.] Anno vicefiipo sexto Georgii III C 64.

fons, and at the respective times, and In the manner herein? Ions to be h after mentioned : provided that no wah still to be so iicensed, ^enc<unieft shall be of a less content or capacity, including the head thereof, therewith be than fifty galions, English wine measure; and that there be at licensed a fpi the same time licenled with every wah still, or low wine still, rit (till of one or spirit still, of a content or capacity not less than one fourth fourth of it part of the content or capacity of such wah still qon cn *

III And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said No distiller to fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

no person or persons whatever shall by him, her, or themselves, 0[jt a i{ceacc# or by any other person or persons whatever, employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their .ufc or benefit, work er erect any still or ftiils, for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits, from malt pr earn, or any of xhtb materials aforesaid, jn Scotland without first taking out a licence or licences for that purpose; which, licences dial) be, from time to time, granted by such persons in Scotland as the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the lord high trea *

hirer for the time being shall authorise and appoint, and which persons fhaji be under and subject to the order, and control of the commissioners of excise in Scotlandr, in such manner as the said commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, shall declare and direct, and which licence the said person or persons foto be authorised are hereby directed to grant to all persons who shall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten days at least before he, (lie, or they shall so erect or work such still or ftiils, and first paying into, the hands of the proper officer of excise such proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imposed, according to the content or capacity oath still or ftiils foto be worked or erected as aforesaid, as is herein after directed.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Distillers may shall and may be lawful for any distiller or distiliers, after ob Prepare wwt taining such licence as aforesaid, to prepare wort, wall, or ^ co" m tilts, for the space of ten days before the time fixed by the said mencementof licence for commencing distillation;; also. That such licences but distiller or distillers shall not begin to distill any low wines or incur pe spirits, previous to the time fixed by the said licence for that

purpose, upon pain of incurring all the penaltigs and forfeitures censed (tills, directed to be inflicted on persons forking with unlicensed ftiils. if they begin

V And be it further enacted, That every licence to be t0 be granted by virtue of this act shall continue in force twelve ca mence^nent" 1^ lendar months from the date thereof, and no longer; and that Ljcences to" all and every person or persons who shall take out any such LI be renewed cence as aforesaid, and who shall intend to continue to work annually, ten any still or ftiils, after the expiration of such licence, is and are days before hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at least expirauon# before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking,

out the former licence, in manner before directed, and tq pay the like sum upon the granting every renewed licence, as is by

this

Licences may be taken out within six weeks after July j, 1786, which will continue in force till July J, 1787, etc.

684 Anno vicesimo feto georgii III C 64, [ 1786.

this act provided and directed in the case of the original dt first licence.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every person or persons to take out a licence or licences under this act, at any period within the space of six weeks after the commencement of this act, which licence or licences shall continue and be in force until the fifth day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; at which period every licence taken out under this act shall cease and determine, unless renewed in the manner herein after directed: provided also, That every such person or persons who shall take out any licence or licences within the said six weeks after the commencement of this act, shall be obliged to pay in advance for such licence or licences a rateable proportion of the licence duty by this act imposed, corresponding to the number of weeks or days that shall be to run before the said fifth day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

VII Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to take out a licence, or licences under this act at any period during the first year of this act, which licence or licences shall be current to the fifth day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ejghty seven; and such person dr persons, upon taking out such licence or licences, shall pay down the licence duty by this act imposed, as if such licence or licences had been taken out at the expiration of the said first six weeks as aforesaid, and shall also pay per advance such rateable proportion of the duty for the time that shall remain of the said licence or licences being in force, in the manner herein aft? directed.

VIII And be it further enafled/that if any person of persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, erect, work, or use any (till or (tills for the distilling, making, or manufadturing of low wines or spirits from malt or corn, or any other of the materials afore

et and the said, in Scotland, or keep any such (till or (tills, without first be deffroyed0 tans out licence, or renewing the same yearly, in many * aforesaid, ht, lhe, or they shall respectively forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of three pounds sterling for each gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of such (till or (tills; and such (till or stills, with the whole utensils for brewing or manufadturing worts, wah, low wines or spirits, in the possession of such person or persons, shall be seized and "forfeited, and the said (till or stills shall be compleatlydestroyed in the presence of the magistrate before whom the said (till or ltills and utensils shall be condemned; which sums shall be levied and taken from every offender, without dedudtion or mitigation by any court or magistrate whatever, any actor acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX Pro

Licences may be taken out at any time during the first year, on the terms herein specified.

Unlicensed persons using stills forfeit 3]. for each gallon of their con

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 64: *683

IX Provided always, and be it enacted, That no distiller Persons using or distiliers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits from malt

or corn, or any other of the materials aforesaid, shall erect, forfcif 3^*01^ work, use, or have in his, her, or their possession any still or €ach gallon of stills, upon any pretence whatever, in any^house or place other their contents, than the house or place previously entered by him her, or and foj them, at the proper office of excise, according to the several working ° laws in that behalf made and provided, on pain of forfeiting and iofing the sum of three pounds sterling for each gallon of the capacity or content of such still or stills, and of the further sum of two hundred pounds sterling for each time it shall be proved that he, (he, or they hath or have used such still or stills, the famer to be levied without mitigation in the manner afpresaid, and the said still or stills shall be seized, forfeited, and destroyed in the manner aforesaid, any a or acfts to the contrary notwithstanding. s

X And be it further enacted, That upon, or previous to One sixth the granting of any such first or renewed licence, the person or Part persons applying for the same shall, before he, (he, or they to b^paid^ shall be entitled to such licence, make payment in advance to when licences the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the same, of one are granted, sixth part of the annual duty hereby charged upon his, her, or and * stills, and shall afterwards, at the expiration of the first two

months, and so afterwards at or before the end of every two months after months of the unexpired term of his, her, or their said annual wards, licence, make payment in advance of a further proportional part of the said annual duty, in such form and manner as that the said duty shall always be paid two months in advance into the receipt of the excise.

XI And be it further enabled, That no person or persons None but the shall be capable of taking out or receiving any such licence as owners of aforesaid, lave only the actual owner or owners of the still or ^vitjed^to stills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the imple fences. ° ments thereto belonging, and every person and persons demanding such licence shall, if required, take and subscribe an oath,

before one or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any justice of the peace for the county in which he, (he, or they shall happen to reside, (and which oath such commissioners or justice are and is hereby empowered to administer), that the said still or stills, and implements, are his, her, or their property, and that the work intended to be carried on is at his, her, or their risque, and on his, her, or their account; and in every LI Licences to cence, which (hail be granted by virtue of this there shall express the be pepreffed and specified the christian name or names, and the Party, s ban[ic* Surname or surnames of the. person or persons to whom the same shall be respectively granted, the place or places of his, her, or their refpe<fttve residence, and the name of the parish or place where such still or stills are intended to be setup, ereested, and used, together with the respective dimensions or gauges of such (till or stills, and declaring for what particular use each respective still is intended to be employed, whether it be for the distillation

684 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 64/ [1786.

of low wines, or for the diftillatian of wash, and if for the distillation of wash, specifying from what materials such wash shall be prepared, and also specifying the sum or form paid for the duty, and the times when the future payments shall rc spectively become due, and when such licence will cease and _ expire.

Sufedas^ XII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no words spirit Hill, etc. contained in the said licence thall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any distiller or distillers to use his wash still in distilling of spirits, or his spirit or low wine still in distilling of wash, upon notice being previously given to the officer, and the caufeftated for such alteration in the said notice, f^rit^efc XIII And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful

not to' have for the person or persons to be named as aforesaid to grant, or licences for to authorise any other person or persons to grant, to any redr diftihing, etc.; fier or compounder of spirits, or to any common brewer or victualler, any licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any at one time. or ftdls, for the distilling of wash or low wines, so long afs he, (he, or they doth or shall continue to carry on the business of a redifier or compounder of spirits, or common brewer or vidualler for brewing or selling of beer or ale, in Scotland; and that no person or persons shall be allowed during the continuance of this act, to carry on the trade of a distiller with that of common brewer or victualler, or the trade of a rediner of spirits with that of a common brewer or vidualler, at one and the same time, on pain that every such person or persons shall be deeftii ed to carry on such respective trades contrary to law, and be liable to the several pains and penalties inftided agaiiift pev tonnes carrying on the trade of a distiller .or redifier without licence.

be°valfd tfllt0 XIV And be it further enacted, That, during the continue indorfedby ' ance f is ad, no licence to be granted as aforesaid shall be the officer of available or of any effect until the same shall have been produced excise of the to, and a copy thereof delivered to, the officer of excise df the district. division, district, place, or bounds wherein the still or stills thereby to be licensed is or are erected, or intended to be erected, the production and receipt of which licence every such officer is hereby required to acknowledge and certify gratisy under his hand, by endorsement upon such licence (if the party shall require the same), and that such production and delivery shall be deemed and held as a sufficient entry of such still or stills; anything herein, or in any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

New stills, of XV And be it further enacted, That if any such still or (tills, the same cato be so licensed as aforesaid, shall, during tbg continuance of be^reftedfn ^cence> by any unavoidable accident, be destroyed or ren

piace^f de dered unfit for use, the owner thereof shall immediately give ftroyed ones, notice in writing of such accident to the proper officer or super without a new visor of excise of the division, district, place, or bounds, and licence. shall at liberty forthwith after such notke so ered a new still or stills;; in case such new erected still or stills be not of a

larger

1786 ],. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 64. 685

larger capacity or' content than the said former still or stills respectively, it shall be lawful for such owfier or owners to work the same, during the term to come and unexpired of his, her, or their subsisting licence or licences, without taking out any new licence for that purpose; but if such new erected still or stills shall be of any larger capacity or content respectively than the said former still 6r stills, the owner or owners thereof shall take out a new licence for erecting and working the same, which new licence shall have duration only for the unexpired term of the' old licence, and an additional duty for such unexpired term shall be advanced and paid according to the increased capacity or content of such new still or stills, on the taking out of such new licence.

XVI And be it further enacted, That if the owner or own If licences be fers of any licensed still shall not, within the time limited by this not renewed, act for the renewal of licences, renew his, her, or their licence mu

for the next ensuing year, such owner or owners shall, immedi own etc, ately after the expiration of his, her, or their said licence, ' either wholly pull down his, her, or their still or stills, in the presence of the proper officer of excise of the division, district, or place, or deposit in the excise office of the division, district or place, the head of every such still, and such of the utensils or implements belonging to such still as such officer shall think proper to felcd, and also remove and take away the several pipes and worms of such still or stills, to the satisfaction, and under the direction of the said officer, so as thereby effectually to render ' such still or stills incapable of being worked or used, in which state such still or stills shall remain and continue until the same shall be either again duly licensed, according to the directions of this act, or be absolutely and wholly pulled down, removed and disposed of, in the presence of the proper officer of excise 5 and if any such owner or owners shall neglect or refuse to observe or Penalty on comply with any of the directions hereby given, he, she, or they neglect. shall forfeit and lose, for every such neglect or refusal, the sum of three pounds sterling for each gallon of the content of such still or ftills5 and every such still or (tills shall also be lost and forfeited, and be utterly destroyed in the presence of the magistrate before whom the same shall happen to be condemned.

XVII And be it further enacted, That when and so often Notice of the as the property and possession of any licensed still or stills shall be change of changed, the person or persons becoming entitled thereto shall property in forthwith, after such change of property and possession, and be fore any such still or stills is or are by him, her, or them at officer of e tempted to be charged and worked, give notice thereof in writing cite, to the proper officer of excise of the division, district, place, or bounds, within which such still or stills shall be situated;; shall thereupon, and upon making oath before a magistrate of his, her, or their property therein, if required by such officer, be permitted to work such licensed still or stills, for the unexpired 1 term of the subsisting licence, upon the same conditions as are expressed and specified in such licence.

Vou XXXV £2 XVIII Pro

Host ed by

686

Notice must be given by the purchaser of a licensed fill!, if he does not intend to work it, etc.

Persons neglecting to

using other than licensed stills, not to have licences granted, etc.

Anno vicesimo feto georgii IIL C 64. [178&

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if upon any such change of property and possession of or in any such licensed still or stills, the person or persons becoming in titled thereto shall not be desirous of working such still or stills, such person or persons shall, within three days after his, her, or their title thereto shall have accrued, signify the same in writing to the proper officer of excise, and deposit with him the head or heads belonging to such still or stills, and also such of the utensils belonging thereto as the said officer shall select, in order to render such still or stills incapable of being used, and such still or stills shall not be again used until a new licence shall be granted for that p, ur^ofe, and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the subsisting licence, to be computed from the time of giving such notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid; but no claim shall lie for repayment of any part of the duties which shall have been paid in advance as aforesaid.

XIX And bedt further enacted. That if any person or pefr the duties ons keing ^icenfed as before mentioned, shall neglect to pay the

re^ularlv^or ^ut‘es imposed by this actor any part thereof, in advance,

'b ‘ ' in the manner and at the time or'times directed by this actor

if any person or persons shall eredi, work, or make use of, any other still or stills, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, than what shall be specified in his, her, or their licence, whether of the same, or of any different description, capacity, or content, than shall have been so specified, every such person or persons shall be subjected and liable to the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, which are herein before inflicted for the offence of eredoing or using an unlicensed still or stills, andshall be rendered incapable of receiving any licence for carrying on any distillery ih future.

XX And be it further enacted. That if any redtifier or compounder of spirits, or r y chemist, druggist, or perfumer, or any

dfftftur^who person whatever, other than a licensed distiller, shall have in his, frail distill, her, or their possession any wort, wash, tilts, or other fermented

etc. liquor, capable of being distilled into low wines Or spirits, or

shall distill or extradvany low wines or spirits from wort, wah, tilts, corn, melasses, sugar, cyder, refused wines, or other liquor, every such person or persons so being in possession of any such materials, prepared for the purpose of being distilled into low wines or spirits, shall forfeit and lose the sum of five pounds for every gallon of such wort, waffi, tilts, or other fermented liquors, together with all the wort, wah, tilts, or other liquors in his, her, or their custody or possession; and every such person dr persons, so unlawfully diddling or extradling as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds for every gallon of the capacity or content of his, her, or their still or stills; and such still or stills, together with the implements and utensils thereunto belonging, shall be seized and forfeited, and shall, on the condemnation thereof, be destroyed in the manner herein before diredfed in other cases of the forfeiture of any still or stills; and such person or persons shall moreover forfeit and

lose

Penalty on persons not being licensed

i?86.] Aristo vicesimo sexto geobgh III C 64. 687

Jose all the worts, wall, tilts, and spirits in his, her or their custody.

XXL And be rt further enabled, That no person or persons No cheroift, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, during the to uueti* <6ntinuarice of this act, be Capable of carrying on the trade or ^ 0 business of a cfieraift, druggist, or perfumer, who shall use any fiill or stills, or any other trade or business requiring the use of any (till or stills, without first taking out art annual licence for that purpose from the person or persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and which licences the said person or persons shall and are hereby required to grant accordingly, upon the payment of such fees for the same as are herein after directed to be paid for such licences, but free from the payment of every duty of excise; and every such licence so granted shall specify the christian name or names and the surname or surnames trade and business, of the person or persons thereby licensed, and the place where such trade or business is intended to be carried on and the number of their respective stills and the capacities or contents thereof respectively; and no chemist druggist, or jj?** to' have perfumer, shall use or have in his, her, or their possession any greater capa still or stills of any greater capacity or content than that of fifty cjty than 50 galions, Englijk wine measure, upon pain of forfeiting the sum galions, on of five poqnds sterling for every gallon which the content of Pena, ty such still or stills shall exceed the quantity of fifty gallons as [on above that aforesaid and every such licence shall be produced, and a copy quantity, thereof delivered, by qr on behalf of the person or persons taking out the same, unto the excise officer of the division, district, place, or bounds, before the same shall be available in law; and such officer shall, on the requisition of the party or parties, ae* knowledge, in writing to be endorsed on such licence, the production thereof, and the receipt of such copy and every such licence shall remain and continue in force from the date thereof for and during the space or term of twelve calendar months next qnsuing, and may be renewed for a further term of twelve calendar months within the space of ten days before the expiration thereof; and. if any chemist, druggist, perfumer or Other person Cheriiifts, etc.' or persons, shall use any still or stills, for any purpose whatever, ^|f0u[iis without first taking out a licence for the same, and producing jjceilce, etc such licence, and delivering such copy thereof to the officer of forfeit icob excise as aforesaid, or shall make ule of any other still or stills than such as shall be specified in such licence or shall make use of any such licensed still or stills at any place other than the place which shall be specified in the said licence or in any house or place other than his her, or their usual dwelling or known place of carrying on his, her or their trade and business, every such person or persons shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds sterling for every such offence, to be levied and paid without mitigation.

xxil And be it further enacted, That, for and upon the fees tote paid content or capacity of every still of one hundred and twenty gal j?n tak, RS olit ions or upwards, for which any licence shall be granted under 1c€i)ce8#

% 2 2 and

50 galions, may be granted, to carry on chemical experiments, etc.

688 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 64.. [1786.

and by virtue of this a, there hall be paid, by the person taking out such licence, a see after the rate of one peony sterling per galion, and for every other licence to be granted by virtue of this act, a licence fee of five Shillings sterling, which fees shall be received by and belong to such officer or other perfoft who sham be appointed as aforesaid;; in consideration thereof, the persons who shall be intitied to the benefit of the said fees shall keep a register of all the licences which shall be granted by virtue of this act, and shall, twice in every year, or oftener if required by the said com mi (boners, deliver a duplicate thereof into the general excise office in Edinburgh, for the safe euftody thereof.

XXIII Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted.

Licences for That if it shall be made appear to the said co mini (Turners of ex capacitythlr c1^e' t*lat any processes or experiments in chemistry, iri

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall require a (fill otis ills of greater content or capacity than that or fifty gallons English wine measure, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful U and for the said commissioners to authorise and direct a licence or licences to be granted to the owner or owners of such chemical work or works, to use, for the purposes aforesaid, a (fill or if ills of any larger content or capacity than as aforesaid 5 which licence or licences shall be in force fof the space of one year and no longer, and for each of which licences a see of five Shillings, and no more, shall be paid to the person or officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and which said chemical works, if specified in any such licence to be lecrer works, shall not be liable to visitation by any officer or officers of excise, excepting only under the conditions and limitations, according to which the chemical works, which are or shall be carried oaby Archibaldearl of Dundonald., his executors, administrators, or assigns may or can be lawfully visited and examined.

XXIV Provided also, and be it further enabled, That if, ^jg on any such visitation or examination, it shall befoxmd that anv'

forfeited etc suchfiill orftilte of such larger content or capacity have been used in the distilling of spirits, low wines, or wadi, wort, or tilts, prepared from any of the materials aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said licence, such (till orstills, and all the utensils thereto belonging, shall be seized, lost, .forfeited, and destroyed, as aforesaid, and the owners thereof shall be liable to the several pains and penalties imposed by this aeft upon unlicensed distillers.

XXV And be it further enabled, That if ahy person or persons, occupying any house or tenement in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall permit any unlicensed still orffills to be setup or used in such house or tenement by any person or persons, for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits, without giving notice thereof to the proper officer of excise, within the space of three days after he or they shall have knowledge of the fat, such occupier or occupiers shall incur and be subject and liable ta the same pains and penalties as are by law directed

to

But if used for distilling spirits, to be

Persons permitting ftilis to be setup in unlicensed places, liable to the penalties of tiling wnlicenfed (tills.

1786, ] Anno vicesimo fexfo Georgii III c/64.

to be imposed or inflicted on persons adtaally using any unlicensed still.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers may lawful for any officer or officers of excise in 'Scotland, to enter, examine during lawful hours, into the still house, or other place where

any still or (tills (whether the same be licensed or not Kcenfed) found work shall be kept, worked, or used, or where any wort, wash, low ing contrary wines, or spirits, are prepared or distilied, and to examine the *? : a

same; and in case any still or stills shall be there found in a state forfeited ^ capable of being worked, the same not having been duly licensed, or in case any wort, wash, low wines, or spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ac, every such still or stills, and the liquor therein, with all the utensils and implements thereto belonging, or therewith used, and also such wort, wash, low wines, and spirits, shall be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and shall be lost and forfeited and the said still or stills shall be destroyed in the manner herein before directed.

XXVII And be it further enacted, That every officer of ex Officer ea

cife who shall, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, seize allon

and bring to condemnation any still by this act made liable to ofthecogntents seizure and forfeiture, (except in the case of such still or stills of stills seized being seized on the discovery of any other person, in the manner on his own herein after specified), shall be entitled to a reward of two soil

lings and (ixpence sterling for every gallon of the content or ca otto exceed pacity of such still, including the head thereof, to be paid out of a, i. for one his majesty's duties of excise in Scotland, upon an order from the still. said commissioners of excise, which order the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required to grant: provided neverth$ less, That such reward shall not exceed the sum of twenty-one pounds sterling for any one still so seized as aforesaid: : if any person (not being an officer of excise) shall make discovery of Persons, not any still liable to seizure and forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same shall be seized and condemned, such person or persons of^ftius liable shall be entitled to a reward of one shilling and (ixpence sterling to seizure, for every gallon of the capacity or content of such still, to be andtheoffi paid on the condemnation thereof: provided also, that such re ward shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds and ten Shillings rewards as sterling for any one still so forfeited as last aforesaid;; the of herein fpe ficers or officer of excise, by whom the same shall be seized, shall cifitd. also be entitled to a reward of one shilling sterling for every gallon of the content or capacity of such still, so that such last mentioned reward shall not, for any one still, exceed the sum of ten pounds and ten Shillings sterling; and that such fe.vera 1 rewards shall be paid by the order of the said commissioners of excise as aforesaid; and if, by reason of the small size of any such still or stills, the said commissioners of excise shall think any of the rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the refpe£ive sums aforesaid.

XXVIII And be it further enacted, That if any officer of Officers not.

Z z 3 excise feizinsitiiis

j. 6d. per

gallon to_be allowed inno

fpjrits to Jbe removed from the manufactory

6^0 Anno yigsgmo feto gsjrgii III C 64. [> 786,

in 14 hours exeife (h; ajlf for the space of twenty-four hours after he shall

after iufpr have rccc; ve<j information of any still being unlawfully erected, mation.tobe r., £ J °,. 3

dismissed etc. vccvpf kept, or of any wort, warn, tilts, or low wines, prepar

? ed and intended to he unlawfully fed in distillation, wilfully negjedt tp fei^e the same refpediyely, every such officer so offending shall, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the facs, to the fati^faclipn of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, be dismissed from his or their office, and shall never afterwards be payable of serving his Majesty in any office or place of trust whatever, and shall moreover forfeit and lose all such salary as shall be due to him at the time of his dismission;; in case the person or persons making such complaint shall be the same person or persons who gave the information as aforesaid, to the officer formers make or officers so dismissed, such person or persons shall be entitled ing complaint f0 a reward of one shilling and sixpence sterling, for every gal fehhig618 dot ppntept or capacity of the said still or stills, to be paid

by the order of the said commissioners of excise out of the revenues of excise.

XXIX And be it further enabled. That no spirits, made from any of the materials aforesaid, shall be removed or fern from the place of their manufacture, without being accompanied by a cer withoutcerti tificate, subscribed by the licensed distiller or maker thereof, dr from the his known and authorised agent, expressing that the same were quantity etc ac ty anc a fpecifyiflg the quantity of such spirits,

, -# the number of casks or packages in which the same are

Contained,

d byslari^0v" * XXX And be it further enacted, That, from and after the carriage from fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no Scotland into spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any England, to be of the materials aforesaid, in that part of Great Britain called forfeited, etc. ^ofland\ by any person or persons whatever, shall be removed or sent from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into any other part of Great Britainy by land carriage; and if the same * iliall be so sent of removed, the said spirits, with the package and casks containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, with the horses pnd carriages employed in conveying the same.

XXXI nd be it further enacted. That all spirits, whether m e ^ raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any of the materials England, to be aforesaid, which shall, from and after the fifth day of July ond forfeited if not thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be removed or conveyed accompajiied by Water from any past of Scotland., to any other part of the uriit aceiu ej shall be accompanied by a certificate from the

maker, distiller, retftifier, or compounder thereof, or his known and authorised agent, specifying the number and the respective marks of the several packages, and the quantity of gallons contained in each of such packages', and the respective degrees of strength of the spirits in efcch package, together with the different species or kinds of the said spirits, and shall also be accompanied by a regular clearance from the proper customhouse in Scotland * and that all spirits which shall be removed or conveyed, or be attempted to be removed or conveyed from Scotland

a‘l spirits removed by water into

i cert ficate, etc.

I7u6 ] Aflno vlcefirpo sexto Georgii III C 64. £91

into any other part of the united kingdom, without being accompanied by such certificate and clearance as aforesaid, shall, together with the packages containing the spirits, and the ship or vessel conveying the same, with her floret and tackle, be seized, lost, and forfeited.

XXXII Provided also, and be it further enabled, That when Rectified fw any rectified or compounded spirits shall be sent from that part ^ve^^ rnfit of Great Britain called Scotland by water into any other part of the*™1 the united kingdom, the same shall, over and besides such certi excise. ficate and clearance as aforesaid, be accompanied with a permit

from the proper officer of excise, or, in default thereof, such spirits, with the packages containing the same, shall be lost and forfeited; provided always. That no such spirits, ship or vessel, as aforesaid, shall be liable to seizure for or on the account of any fmali difference or deficiency in the gauge of such spirits at the time of their arrival in port, or any other deficiency, wheh the same shall be proved to have been occasioned by accident an without fraud.

XXXIII And be it further enacted, That, from and after Duties to be the fifth day of" July one thousand seven hundred and eighty a^j^n0f*c six, all spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over spirits from hydrometer proof, which hall be manufactured in Scotland, and Scotland into brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom, England, shall, upon the arrival thereof, be charged with a duty of two

Shillings upon each galion, English wine measure;; sum, together with the duties by this act directed to be paid in scot land upon licences, shall be held and deemed to be equivalent to the duties payable in England upon spirits of English manufacture, not exceeding the strength aforesaid;; if the strength of any spirits manufactured in and arriving from Scotland as aforesaid, mall be of a greater strength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and such excess shall not exceed three per centum over and above the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, as aforesaid, then and in such case the said spirits shall be charged with a further duty proportioned to their said surplus strength; and the said respective duties shall be paid to fhp pro per officer of excise at the port or place of entry inwards, upon at^the port of the landing of any such spirits, which said duty or dgties payable entry, and to upon importation shall be under the receipt and management of be applied as the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, and ?utles m be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, to and for wor/etc?1* the same uses and purposes as the rates and duties payable in *

England upon wort, wall, and other liquor, used in the distillation of spirits there for home confmpption, are directed to be appropriated, paid, and applied; and that such spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, after being so landed and warehoused, shall be considered as made or rectified in that part of the united kingdom where the said spirits have been so landed and warehoused, and shall be entitled to the same allowances as the flocks of distillers or rectifiers in that part of the united kingdom are intitkd to. ‘

'" Z XXXIV And

692 j^nno vicesimo jfcxto Georgii III C 64* [ 17 86,

Spirits of a xxxtv* And be it further enacted, That if any spirits ^onfthan manufasured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of a in the 100 ^rengtb exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proofs above 1 to 10 fllajl be Shipped on board any vessel in order to their being fetit over hydro or conveyed from that part of the united kingdom to any other ^b^forf^t Part the united kingdom, and such excess shall amount to ed etc?r CL * more than three pounds per centum above the said strength of * * one to ten over hydrometer proof, such spirits, with the ca(ks

and packages containing the same, shall be seized, lost, and forfeited.

sp?r|ts XXXV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

1786, ncrtlia * spirits which shall have been made in that part of Great Britain ' ble to duty on called Scotland, amd bona side put on board any ship or vessel oh landing in or before the fifth day or July, one thousand seven hundred and England. eighty six,, and shall be accompanied by a proper permit, (haft and may be landed in any other part of the united kingdom without being subject to the payment of any equalising duty, ill the like manner as the same could or might have been landed irv case this act had not been made.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commissioners of excise in Scot land shall, within pullicates of the space of one month after the time of granting any permit for ed^srotlaftd le ^moval, any Briiiji) brandy, rectified Brilijh spirits or com for removal pounds, from any port or place in .Scotland, to any port or place of spirits to in England', transmit the counterpart of such permit, .or cause the England, to be same to be transmitted, to the commissioners of excise in eng the^^if^etc0 ^ order that they may, and they are hereby directed and,, *, * required to cause same proper officer or officers to examine and

cheque therewith the permit by which such British) brandy, and rectified British spirits and compounds, respectively, shall have been removed as afpresaid; and in order that a further cheque may be had upon the removal of such spirits, a duplicate of such clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the proper officer of officers of the cuffoms at the port in England where such spirits. are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and required to compare the same with the spirits on their arrival, maker to XXXVII And be it further enacted. That every maker of

annuahi 311 ft^s m Scotland shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one cence* stamp thousand seven hundred and eighty six, take out an annual LI his (tills, and cence from the officer foto be authorised as aforesaid to grant Fefce t0 the same, and renew such licence from year to year, and shall tbat°theymay Pa? a ^ee ^ve (hdl*ngs for each of such licences, and no more; be gauged. * and every such maker or makers shall (lamp his or their name or names, and the progressive number, and the content or capacity of every (fill made by him, her, or them, upon the / (boulder thereof; and in order that the contents of the said (till

hr stills may be distinctly ascertained, the said maker dr makers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, withiri three days after finishing any ft ill, to give notice to the excise officer of the district where such (till hath been so made, that the (ame is ready to be gauged and stamped $ and such officer is; ........ ‘ - hereby

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto geokxsiiiii. 0.64, £93

hereby required, within three days after such notification, tq gauge fucfi still, and to grant a certificate, specifying the number, content, and maker's name or names of such (till; and in Penaltyonnot case arty such maker or makers shall fail to give such notice giving notice, to the said officer as aforesaid, such maker or makers shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten Shillings for each gallon of the content or capacity of every such still so made by him, her, or them.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted, That if any person Persons ina pr persons shall import or bring any still or (tills into Scotland, porting still from that part of Great Britain called England, or from foreign without°giv" parts, such person or persons shall, within three days after the fog notice to arrival of such (till or stills, give notice of the number, size, and the officer, content of the same, and of the place where the same is depo forfeit job sited, to the officer of the division, district, place, or bounds;

and such officer shall, within twenty-two hours after the receipt of such notice, gauge and damp, or cause to be gauged and damped, the said still or stills, in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed in the case of a (till or stills being made in scot land; and if the person or persons who shall so import or bring, any still or stills into Scotland, shall neglect or omit to give such notice thereof as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds sterling for eyery still so imported or Stills not to brought; and in case any such still or stills shall be erected with b^5r^e<inti^ out being previously gauged and marked by the proper officer f^fekureof of excise, every such still or stills shall be forfeited and lost, and the stills, etc. the owner and owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds sterling, over and besides all other penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for the unlawful using the same.

XXXIX Provided always, That nothing in this act can, Redifiers, C gained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, .fuhjets: as

or change any act or acts now in force for the surveying and furve°s°&ct0 keeping a regular account of the flocks of redifiers, and com u * * pounders, of spirits and dealers, but that the said redifiers, compounders, and dealers, shall remain subjected to the surveys of the officers of excise, and to all other regulations made and provided by any law now in force, in the same manner as if this act had not been made; saving and excepting, that redifiers land compounders, as well as makers or distiliers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may send spirits to any pare or place in that'part of the united kingdom of whatever strength he, (he, or they may think proper.

XL And be it further enacted. That the several duties on Duties to be licences, by this act granted, shall be under the receipt, collec underthema tion, and management of the commissioners and officers of his "he majesty's revenue of excise in Scotland for the time being, and fioners of recall be appropriated td such and the farpe uses and purposes as venueinscot the duties by this act suspended or discontinued would have land etc. been subject and liable to, if this act had not been made

XLI Provided always, That nothing in this act contained This act not shall discharge or acquit any distiller, or other person, from any t0 discharge 4<" ' ' * ' ' '; * penalty p€naltl€8 alm

6g4- Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 64. [1786.

wady incur penalty or forfeiture already incurred under any former act or t^repeal the as fr granting any duties upon wort, wash, or other liquor. Jaws respect or rom payment of any arrears of such duties accrued, due iog exporta prior to the commencement of this act; nor shall anything in tion to foreign this act contained extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal parts, etc or alter any law or laws now in force with respect to the making of British spirits for exportation to foreign parts; or to repeal or alter any part of an act, made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the laji session of parliament, as relates to the dijlillation of corn spirits in small stills * certain counties or dftrifts in the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorising the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences, to persons living in the said counties or difirifts, to distill spirits from barley, bear, or tigy the growth of the said counties; and for imposing a duty on such licences; nor to prejudice the right and privilege granted to Archibald earl of Dundonaldy his executors, administrators, or assigns, by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for vesting in Archibald earl of dun donald, his executorsy administrators, and assigns y the foie use and property of a method of extra sting or making tary pitchy essential oilst volatile alkali mineral acids falls and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majesty s dominions for a limited time.

Karl of Duo XLII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That not donaldtogive withstanding anything in the said last mentioned act contained, accent of said earl, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be,

toftills°etc. an or they is and are hereby required to deliver to the officer or officers of excise of the division, district, place, or bounds, within which any of his or their said works or stills are or shall be erected * account in writing, specifying the number of his or their said stills, with a description of the same, and the purposes for which such stills were reflectively erected; reserving to any of his majesty's officers of excise, under the conditions and limitations herein after specified, at all lawful hours, to visit such work or works, and such (till or stills, and to examine by all proper means the liquor or matter coming from the said till or stills, but not to open the said (till or stills, unless the said officer or officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine the liquor or matter coming from the said still or stills.

Officernot to XLIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it inspect his shall not be in the power of any officer pf excise to visitor in etc without Pe workh°ufe r workhouses, or the said still or stills,

order from or house or houses, or places thereto belonging, unless the said the commis officer or officers shall have previously obtained an order from fioners of ex the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, in that matlotof0^ Part Great Britain called Scotlandy or shall proceed upon a their being signed information in writing, and upon oath made, and re illegally duced also into writing, before any one or more of the said

worked. commissioners of excise, or before any one or more of his Ma

jesty's justices of the peace, certifying that the said works or stills in the said act described, in place of being bona side used

for

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 64i 695

for the purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used in » extrading low wines or spirits from wort, wash, or other materials whatsoever; in which case such written information, and oath and warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged, if required, with the manager of the said works so visited, upon the said manager's granting a receipt for the same; and if the said If found tobc still or (fills shall be at such visitation, or have been previously to be

used after being erected in the said works, for the purpose of forfeited, etc. distilling wall, worts, low wines, or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the, said act, such still or stills, and utensils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as unlicensed stills, and the owners and users thereof subjected to the pains and penalties in that behalf made and provided by this act.

XLIV And be it further enacted. That if any person or per Persons ob fens shall obstruct, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder any officer ftru<^in3 or officers of excise in the due execution of any of the powers dutvforfdt or authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this aoou ad, every person or persons so offending shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds sterling.

XLV And be it further enacted. That all and every the Powers, etc. powers and authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, f 1% car and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by *xfondedcto" an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles this act. the Second, entitled. An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenants in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the cpmmissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or establirtied, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted and infiided, and for the preventing, deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than lhi such cases for which other penalties, provisions, and regulations are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raiftng, levying, colleding, mitigating, adjudging, afcertafriing, recovering and paying, the several duties hereby gfanted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, ihethods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XLVL And be it further enacted. That all the penalties and Howpenaltie* forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, and are to be levied by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or aa

forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered or levied by any Jaw ™ or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in his Majesty's courts of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors and 1 ' :, '+-: ' 'the

Limitation of actions.

General issue

Treble costs

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 65. [1786*

the there moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

ixlvii, And be it further ena£ed. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the genera] issue, and give this at, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdit shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or if judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants (halt have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs..

CAP. LXV

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

688, 7501. to be raised by a lottery. All persons who have made depor sits, piirfuant to the resolution of the house of commons, of June a, 1786, are required to pay the remainder of their fqbfcriptions at certain times specified. Deposit il. 8s.; ao July al.; 13 Aug. il. 8s.; 20 O stal. 15 s.; a 1 Nov. al.; 18 Dec. al.; and 17 Jan. 1787, a I. 4s." 6d. Cashier to give security, to the satisfaction of the commiffipners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cafliier to the services voted this session; 500, 0001. the amount of the prices, to be paid otft of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket.

LOTTERY for 1786.

The bearef of this ticket will be entitled to such beneficial chance a fshall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and under the directions of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Ma jetty's reign.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver then? to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cafliier* to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of moneys received and paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwife into a bore marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of fortunate tickets are, a of ao, oool. each; 3 of io, oool. each; 5 of 5000i. eaph; 10 of a, oool. each; 15 of ijoool.each; 30of jool. each; 100of 100i. each; 150of50I.each; 16, 175 of 20i. each: and also i, oopl. to the first drawn ticket of the first day; X ooo!. to ditto the 4th day; i, oool. to ditto the 7th day; i, oool. to ditto the 10th day; i, oool. to ditto the 13th day; i, oool. to the first drawn ticket the 16th day; i, oool. to the last drawn. Tickets in the buterntoft column of the last meniioned books to be rolled up and tied.

Goo

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 66, 67.

and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), C Public notice to be given of putting thie tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 12, 1787. Method to be observed in drawing, C Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Difpttfes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, C felony, death. Offenders (not in prison) discovering perfbn3 guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Proviso,, to cause corruption of blood, loss of dower, or di&erifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn. The oath:

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty sixth year of his majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to wbom any prize, Jot, or ticket of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the furas subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to ticket for every 13i. 15s. and 6d. paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, C Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, cas they shall think fit. The 500, 000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session;; flail be paid to the proprierors, without any deduction, on June 1, 1787, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed by the managers. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, con penalty of aol. General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. LXVI

An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report Aioh b fervations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the business transacted in the said offices. — This at the same as last year.

a5 Geo. 3. C 19, continued in force^till the end of the next session of

parliament.

CAP. LXVII

An act for appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

William Roe, esq; appointed a commissioner/and the act of 25 Geo. 3.

C 68. and the former acta continued till one year after July aa, 1786.

e a p.

Preamble.

Geo. 3. C 80.

Commission

crs.i

commissioners to be sworn.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 68. [-1786.

Cap. LXVIII

*;

act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the loffei and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, * properties, and profefftohs, during the late Unhappy dijfeniions its America, in confluence of their loyalty io his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the tibenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who hare suffered in their rights properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions irt America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government), and also by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his ptefent Majesty, Certain persons were conjlituied commissioners for inquiring into the respective lojfes and services of all such person and persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty+ and attachment to the British government: and whereas the purposes intended by the said acts are not yet completed, and it is therefore niceffary that the said acts Should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That John Wilmot esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mackenzie esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted commissioners for the ptfrpofes in the said recited acts mentioned.

II And be it further enacted, That any two commissioners in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer) in the form following; that is to say,

I A. B. do swear, That, according to the bejl of my Jkill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trujls vested in me by an act, (entitled, An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of, their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government) according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said commissioners, in this act named shall likewise take the same oath before the said two commis

o doners*

i7&6-] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 68. 699

(ldhfers, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

III And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be commifliob lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any two or more era may exa* of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and re mine parties quired, to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or on oa more of them, are hereby authorised to adtriinifter), all persons

whom the said commissioners, or any two or more of them,

shall think fit to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers veiled in the said commissioners by this act; and all such persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said commissioners at such time or place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commission said commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby erst meet, authorised to meet and sit, from time to time, at their present persons place of meeting, or at such other place as they, or any two or or papers, more of them, shall think proper, vyith or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands

and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in the execution of the powers vested in the said commissioners by this act;; the said commis to appoint fioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to clerks, Sec, appoint and employ such clerks messengers, and officers as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour, in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him by the said commissioners, and in all other things touching the premises; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them several ly and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or rewards as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if ij Persons deli shall have appeared to the commissioners appointed by the said vering infrau recited acts, or shall hereafter appear to the commissioners ap f^beexcluded pointed by this at, that any person hath delivered, or shall from any hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real compenfa loss sustained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than tion.

a just compensation; and if the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, fbali have been or shall hereafter be of opinion that such account or claim w, as or is fraudulent, then such person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim,

shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Personsgiving That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon false evidence

1 ^ V to be liable to

Jod Ahiio vicegfnb fckto geor&ii Ilf. c.68v \ifi&

the penalties bath before the said commissioners, or any two or more of them of perjury. respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such person so offending, afnd being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and arfc hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons Convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII And whereas by the said act, made in the twenty-fifth year, cf the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, that colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton esquire, should and they were thereby directed and required to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other of his Majejlfs colonies in America, to inquire into such claims: and whereas the said colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton esquire, did, in pursuance. of the directions, and for the purposes mentioned in the said act, repair to Nova Scotia, and it is therefore proper that the powers and authorities vested in them by the Commifiion said act, jj)ould be continued be it therefore enacted. That the said ers jn theco colonel Thomas Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton tiquire, shall, and timlhey are ^erehy directed and required in Nova Scotia, or any choir into other of his majesty's colonies in America, to continue to en

claims; choir into such claims, with the same powers and authorities

for inquiring into such claims as the commissioners appointed, by the said recited acts and this present ad!, for inquiring into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, are in and in case of vested with; and in case the said commissioners shall differ in difference of opinion with respect to any claim, then, in such case, it shall e *uire the ^aw^ fr commissioners to call to their assistance

a^ftarfee of governor of any colony to which they may judge it necef the governor, fary to repair; and the said governor agreeing in opinion with who, in case either of the said commissioners, shall decide the matter or ques of tlon n Pute 5 anc m ca^e death f either of them the

fionetts^to" Thomas Dundas or Jeremy Pemberton, that then the gover fupoly his nor of the colony, where such inquiry shall from time to time place. be carried on, shall be added to and joined with the survivor of

them the said Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, and shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as the person so dying is hereby inverted with.

Commifiion VIII And be it enabled, That the said commissioners, or ersmayap any two of them, are hereby empowered, if they shall think point persons pr0pcr, to appoint, under their hands and seals, a proper per amerlcato on or perf°ns t0 repair to any part of the united states of inquire into America, to inquire into such facts and circumstances as they facts. may think material for the better afcerlaining the several

claims which have been presented under the authority of the said acts.

IX And whereas an act was passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty^ (entitled, An act to prohibit all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, mqffachufevs

Bay,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 68. 701

Bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, New Tork Newjersey, penfyu vania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively;; repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and dijcharging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the prov'mce of mafiachufet's Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned); whereby it was enacted, That all trade and commerce flould be prohibited with the colonies therein mentioned, and that all ships and vessels of or belonging to the inhabitants of the aid coionics, together with their cargoes, apparei, and furniture, and all other ships and vessels what soever, together with their cargoes, appare/ and furniture, which flould be found trading in any port or place of the said coionics, or going to trade, or coming from trading in any such port or place, flould become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and effects of open enemies, and flould be so adjudged and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatsoever: : whereas vessels, effects, goods, or merchandise, belonging to inhabitants of the said coionics, who were loyal Jubjeds to his Majesty, may have become forfeited, and may have been adjudged and condemned as lawful prize under the said commission ad; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and er to inquire may be lawful to and for the commissioners appointed by this into Losses ad, to inquire into Losses sustained in consequence of the said sustained in ad, by any such inhabitants, who shall give sufficient proof, to t^nce the satisfaction of the said commissioners, of their loyalty to his ^ Qea ^ Majesty, and attachment to the British government. C 5.

X And be it further enacted, That, the said commissioners commission shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they ers to give an

shallbe thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the de *fc?unt termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue jng3 j^the* of this act, without any further requisition, give an account of treasury and their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commissioners of his secretaries of majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries of ate

(late for the time being.

XI And be it further enacted, That the lords com mi ffio treasury to

ners of the treasury or lord high treasurer for the time being, pay a, ooo). are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid missioner™* all such (urns of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to 9

such person or persons as the said commissioners, or any two or

more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so issued and paid, shall be for paying employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other of derks, C fkers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about Vox, XXXV A a a the

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 69. [1786.

th execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appoint; and which money so issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament.

Commtflion XII Provided always, and be it enacted. That any of the cdvthaltpav ^ commissioners being on half pay, as an officer of the navy on taking the or army shall be entitled to receive such half pay, not with followinfc Handing any compensation that may be made to him for executing the powers of this act, on his taking the following oath before some justice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

IA. B .do swear, That I had not, between

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, 'under his Majesty, besides such compensation as shall have been or may be made to me as a commissioner for inquiring into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dijfentions in America, in consequence of their loyally to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

In case of the death, cof a commissioner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another.

Continuance Of this act.

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay, without taking any other oath $ any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, of any one or more of the said commissioners, during the recess of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person, so nominated and appointed, shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the commissioners appointed by this act.

XIV And be it further enacted. That this act shall continue in force for one year, from the fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and no longer,

CAP. LXIX

An act for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain c<vlled England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

CAP.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii, III C 70, 71. 703.

CAP. LXX

An a to rectify a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, entitled, "An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament."

The mistake was one million five hundred pounds, instead of one million five hundred thousand pounds, which the clerk of the parliaments ftas empowered to rectify.

CAP. LXXI

An act for regulating boufesy and other places kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

WHEREAS the practice of Jlealing horsey cowsy and other Preamble, cattle, hath of late years increased to an alarming degree; and hath been greatly facilitated by certain per sins of low condition, who keep houses or places for the purpose of slaughtering horses and other cattle; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the king's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent'of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, From July 20, from and after the twentieth day of July, in the year of our 1786, every Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person or person keep persons shall keep or use any house or place, for the purpose of Jefjng house, slaughtering or killing any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, to take out afs, mule, bull, ox cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or licence, C other cattle, which shall not be killed for butcher's meat without first taking out a licence for that purpose, at the general quarter sessions held for the county, riding, city, town, district, division, or liberty, wherein such slaughtering house or place shall be fituatej and the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such licences as aforesaid, upon a certificate, under the hands and seals of the minister and churchwardens, or overseers, or of the minister and two or more substantial householders of the parish wherein the person or persons applying for such licence shall dwell, that such person or persons is or are fit and proper to be trusted with the management and carrying on such business as aforesaid: provided always, That, in case of the death of any person to whom such licence as aforesaid shall be granted, it shall and may be lawful for the widow, or personal representative of such person so dying, to carry on the said business until the then next ensuing general quarter sessions of the peace.

II And be it further enacted. That every such licence shall Justices to be signed by the justices of the peace assembled at such general rant h'cen quarter sessions, or by the major part of them; and a copy of are'tobe^ every such licence shall be entered in a book to be kept for that entered C purpose by the clerk of the peace of the county wherein the

A a a 2 same

J!Q4

the words herein men iioned.

Previous notice to be sent, when horses, etc. are intended to be fiaugh tered, to the infpeclor, who is to take an

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 71. [1786.

same hall be so granted as aforesaid 5 and that all and every person and persons shall have liberty, at all times (Sundays excepted, between the hours of ten and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, to search the office of such clerk of the peace wherein any such copy shall be entered or kept, and to make an extract or extracts from the same, paying for every such Persons LI search the sum of sixpence;; all and every person and pe; r censed to affix fons so licensed as aforesaid shall cause to be painted or affixed, over oor or Sat ie h°ufe or place where he, (he, of they (h^l carry on the said business, in large legible characters, his, her, and their name and names, with the words Licensed for faugktering horses, pursuant to an a51 passed in the twenty sixth year of his majesty King George the Third.

III And be it further enacied, That every occupier and occupiers of every such licensed slaughtering house or place shall, six hours previous to the slaughtering or killing of any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (beep, hog, goat, or other cattle, which shall not be killed for the purpose of butcher's meat, and previous to the staying any such horse * gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, account of cow? cak> '<heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought

the beafta. dead t0 such slaughtering house or other place, give notice in writing to a person to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, as inspector, to the intent that such infpeclor may, upon such notice as aforesaid, and before any such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, shall be slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, take an exact account and description of the height, age, (as, near as may be) colour, and particular marks of every horse, mare, gelding, foal or silly, afs or mule, brought alive for the purpose of being slaughtered or kilied, or brought dead as aforesaid, and of the colour and particular marks of every cow, bull, heifer, ox, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought alivfc or dead for either of the purposes aforesaid; and no such horse, mare, gelding, foal, or silly, afs, mule, ox, bull, cow, or heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, shall be slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and four of the clock in the evening, during the months of October, November, December, 'January, February, and March; and between the hours of six of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every year. Account to IV And be it further enacted, That every person so licensed be kept, by as aforesaid dial], at the time any horse, mare, or gelding, colt, the owners of afs> or mue or any oxj bull, cow, heifer, calf, sheep,

houses^of she goat, or any other cattle, shall be brought for the purpose

owners of of slaughtering, killing, or staying, make, or cause to be made,

the cattle an entry in a book, to be kept for that purpose, in a fair legible

Drought, etc. hand, of the name and names, place and places of abode, profession and professions of the owner or owners thereof, and also of the person and persons who shall bring the same to be

"slaughtered,"

Times of slaughtering, etc. H

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 71v 765

slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, and the reason or reafohs Why the same is brought to be slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, which reason and reafohs, the person or persons bringing the same is and are hereby required to declare to such person or persons so licensed as aforesaid;; book shall at all times be open for the perusal and examination of the inspector and inspectors to be appointed under this act; and all and every such licensed person and persons shall at all times attend with, and produce such book before any one justice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, or place where such licensed slaughtering house or place shall be situate, when required by warrant or order under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace foto do, and shall likewise produce the same at every general quartev sessions of the peace which shall be held in and for the said county.

V And be it further enacted, That such of the parishioners, Vestry to ap as by law are entitled to meet in vestry for the purpose of point infpec choosing parish officers, shall, in every parish wherein any such tors, slaughtering house or place shall be situated, annually, or oftener, as occasion may require, appoint one or more proper person or persons to be an inspector or inspectors to inspect every such slaughtering house and place as aforesaid, to whom all and every occupier and occupiers, person and persons, carrying on such business as aforesaid, shall, six flours previous to his, her, or their slaughtering, killing, or staying any such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, give notice in writing of his, her, or their intention foto do; and such inspector or infpec infpe&or® tors shall in person, or by his or their servant or servants, at duty, tend at the slaughtering house or place of the person or persons so giving such notice, and there take such account and description as herein before directed;; every such inspector shall and is hereby required to keep a book or books, and therein to make an entry of every such account and description; and every such occupier or person carrying on such business as aforesaid shall, for every such entry, pay to such inspector sixpence; and all and every person and persons desiring to inspect such book or books shall have access to the same at all times, between the hours of eight of the dock in the morning and five in the evening, during the months of October, November, December, January, February, and March, and between the hours of six of the clock in the morning and eight in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every year, paying to such inspector, for every such search, the sum of sixpence, and no more; and every such in' ' so appointed as aforesaid, shall eaufe.to be painted or affixed over the door of the house where he resides, his name, and the words, Inspector of houses and places for slaughtering horses;; in case such inspector or inspectors shall, upon examination of any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (Keep, hog, goat, or othdr cattle,

A a a 3 intended

yo Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 71; [1786.

intended to be slaughtered or kilied, have reason to believe, or be of opinion, that such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are free from disease, and in a sound and serviceable state, or that the same has been stolen, or unlawfully come by, he or they shall have power, and is and are hereby authorised and required to prohibit the slaughtering or killing of any such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for any time not exceeding the space of eight days; and in the mean time shall and is and are hereby directed and required to cause an advertisement or advertisements to be inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some public newspaper circulated in the county where such daughter house or place shall be situated, twice or oftener, unless the owner or owners of such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, shall sooner claim the same, to certify under his, her, or their hand or hands to, or otherwise fatisfadlorily inform the said infpedtor or inspectors, that he, she, or they sent or delivered, or caused the said horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other such cattle, to be delivered to the said person or persons so licensed for the purpose of being slaughtered or kilied, the expense of inserting such advertisement or advertisements, as aforesaid, to be paid by the occqpier or occupiers of such slaughtering house or place to such inspector or inspectors; and in case such occupier or occupiers of such slaughtering house or place shall refuse to defray or pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted on the oath of any such inspector as aforesaid before any one justice of the peace for the county or diftri# wherein such slaughtering house or place shall be situated, he, she, or they, shall forfeit double the amount.of the charge of such advertisement or advertisements, to be raised by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or ' offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of any such

justice as aforesaid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows:

Form of con a B. is convicted, on the oath of C D. infpecfor of houses and places for slaughtering horses, for the parish of E. in the foradvertise county ofd.of refusing to pay the sum of being the

mcnts of the expense of an advertisement or advertisements (as the case may be) infpetfors. inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some other public newspaper circulated in the county, (as the case may be), pursuant to the directions of the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal this

day of F. G.

inspectors VI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ilauehte^ine lawful to and for every inspector so appointed as aforesaid, at houses at ail times, in the day or night, but if in the night, then in the times. presence

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III €. 71* 707

presence of a constable, to go to, enter into, and infpecst, any house or place kept for slaughtering or killing horses by any person or persons Jicenfed as aforesaid; and also any stable, building, (head, yard, or place belonging thereto, and then and there to examine, search for, and see if any horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, or mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, Cheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are deposited or have been brought there, and to take an account thereof; and all and every person and persons, so licensed as aforesaid, having, keeping, or using any such house or place for slaughtering horses,

shall, and is and are hereby directed and required to permit and suffer any such inspector as aforesaid, at all times in the day and night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, to enter into and inspect such house or place, and also any stable, building, (head, yard, or premises belonging thereto, and freely to examine, search for, and see, any horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, or mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf. Cheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, then and there being, and to take such account as herein before directed.

VII And be it further enacted. That in case any person or personsbring persons who shall offer to sale, or shall bring any horse, mare, in cattle re gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, an^^ount'jf hog, goat, or other cattle, to any person or persons keeping such themselves slaughtering house, or place as aforesaid, to be slaughtered or etc. may be; kilied, or being dead, to be stayed or skinned, shall not be able, carried before or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of himself, herself, a justice or themselves, or of the means by which the same came into his, her, or their pofiefiion; or if there shall be any reason to fufpetft that such horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons keeping such slaughtering house, or place as aforesaid, to whom the same shall be brought or offered to sale, and for his, her, or their servants, agents, or assistants, and also for the said inspector or inspectors, or his or their servant or servants as aforesaid, to seize and detain such person or persons; and also every such horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, so brought or offered to sale as aforesaid, and to deliver such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody' of a constable or other peace officer, who shall, and is hereby required immediately to convey such person or persons before a justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and if such justice shall, upon exami Justicesmay nation and inquiry, have cause to suspect: that such horse, mare, commit fuf gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, per"

hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are stolen or unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to commit such person or persons into safe custody, for any .time not exceeding the space of six days, in order to be further examined;

A a a 4 and

Persons Slaughtering horses, etc. without licence, etc. guilty of felony.

708 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 71. [ 1786.

and if upon either of the said examinations, such justice shall be satisfied, or have reason to believe, that such horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, k hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are stolen, or illegally obtained, the said justice is hereby authorised and required to commit the person or persons, so bringing or offering the same to sale.. the common gaol or house of corre<3ion of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

VIII And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons, keeping or using any such slaughtering house or place as aforesaid, shall at any time from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, slaughter any horse, mare, or gelding, foal or silly, afs or mule, or any bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, ftieep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for any other purpose than for butcher's meat, or shall stay any horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought dead to such slaughtering house or other place, without taking out such licence, or without giving such notice as aforesaid, or shall slaugliter, kill, or stay the same, at any time or times other than and except within the hours herein before limited, or shall not delay slaughtering or killing the same, according to the direction of such inspector so authorised to prohibit the same as aforesaid, such person or persons so offending in either of the said cases, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of felony, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, or shall be transported beyond the seas for any time not exceeding seven years, as the court, before whom such offender or offenders Avail be tried and convicted, shall direct.

IX And whereas diverse ill disposed persons, keeping such slaughtering houses and places as aforesaid, have in order to prevent inquiry and detection, made a practice of throwing the hides of horses and aether cattle into lime pitsy or othervrfe immersing in or rubbing the same with lime, or same other corrofwe matters be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, keeping or using any such slaughtering house or place as

hides, etc. to aforesaid, shall, at any time from and after the twentieth day of cuilty erf mif ju%h one ^oufand seven hundred and eighty six, throw into demeanors, any lime pit or lime pits, or otherwise immerse in lime, or any preparation thereof, or rub therewith, or with any other corrosive matter, or destroy or bury the hide or hides, skin or skins, of any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, by him, her, or them slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, or shall be guilty of any offence against this acts, for which no punishment or penalty is expressly provided or declared, such person or persons, being convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by

public

Persons destroying

/

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 71. 709

public or private whipping, as the court before whom such offender or offenders shall be tried and convicted, shall direct.

X And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, Persons maso licensed as aforesaid, shall make, or cause to be made, any jjabl^to false entry in any such book, by him, her, or them to be kept penalty, cas aforesaid, of any matter or matters, thing or things, so requir *

ed by him, her, or them to be made in such book as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before any one justice of the peace for the county, riding, franchise, or district wherein such (laughtering house or place shall be situated (which said oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice (the surplus arising from such distress and sale, after the deduction of the charges thereof, to be restored), one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or transmitted, by the said justice, to the overseers of the poor, or one of them, for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offender or offenders shall reside; and in case such offender or offenders shall not have effects to the amount of the said penalty, it shall be lawful for such justice, after sale and application as aforesaid of such effects as shall be found, to commit him, her, or them to the house of correction, there to be confined to hard labour * for any time not exceeding three months, not less than one month.

XI And be it further enacted, That a conviction for any such offence, in the tenor or to the effect following, shall be good, to all intents and purposes:

BE it remembered, !That on this day of Form of con

in the year A. B.

faugh ter ing horses is convifled, upon the oaths of C D. and E. F. „0t paid. two credible wiinejfes, before me G. H. one of his Majeflfs justices of the peace for the county of of having wilfully

made, or caused to be made [as the case may be], a fatfe entry in the book required by the fatute, in that case made and provided, to be kept by the said A. B. whereby he, \_jhe^ or they'] has [or have] forfeited the Jum of

Given under my hand andfeal, the day and year above written.

XII And be it further enacted. That the book and books of fnfpe&ors all and every the inspector and inspectors of every parish wherein hook to be any such (laughtering house or place shall stand or be situated,

shall be produced at every general quarter sessions of the peace, fcffions. to be held in and for the county wherein any such licence shall be granted, and delivered to the justices of the peace at such

general

710 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.yi, [1786.

general quarter sessions assembled, then and there to be exaffiin ed by them as they shall think fit.

* rerfons lend XLII And be it further enacted, That if any person or per tng houses for fltall occasionally lend any house, barn, stable, or other the purpose of place, for the purpose of slaughtering or killing any horse, mare slaughtering. gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, which shall not be killed for butchers meat, without taking out such licence as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any justice of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, diftrici, division, or liberty, wherein such person or persons shall reside, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, he, (he, or they shall forfeit, upon conviction, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed; and which said Raft mentioned moiety shall, upon payment thereof, be immediately transmitted by the justice so convicting to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, or one of them; and in case such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows, or to the like efsect:

Form of cont) £ so remembered, That on this day of

thefeklw Cn ^ * A. B. was conviftedy upon the oaths of two ere

penalty is not dible witnesses, before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the paid. peace for the county of, for occasionally lending a

house [or place, as the case may be], r the purpose of slaughtering horfesy [or, as the case may be, offlaughtering cattle for other pur pojes than for butchers meat], without a licence for that purpose sir ft obtained, according to the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

act not to extend to curriers, etc. killingdiftem pered horses, C

XIV Provided always. That this act shall not extend to any currier, felt maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, who shall kill any distempered or aged horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, or purchase any dead'horse, mare, gelding, coir, silly, afs, mule, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for the bona side purpose of selling, using, or curing the hide or hides thereof, in the course of their respective trades; nor to any farrier employed to kill aged and distempered cattle, nor to any person or persons who shall kill any horse, mare gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, of their own or other cattle, or purchasing any dead horse, or other cattle, to feed their own hounds or dogs, or giving away the fle(h thereof for the like purpose,

XV And

1786.] Anno vicesimo fextogeorgii III c.71. 711

XV And be it further enacted, That if any collar maker, collar make currier, felt maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, or farrier, or other ers, &c.killing person, shall, under colour of their respective trades or occupa ^hab^to* tions, knowingly or willingly kill any sound or useful horse, penalty, gelding, mare, foal, or silly, or boil or otherwise cure the flesh

thereof for the purpose of selling the same, such collar maker, and other tradesman or person, shall be deemed and taken to be an offender within the meaning of this act, and shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds.

XVI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Wjtnefles re lawful for any justice of the peace before whom complaint shall [^5 the'ufti be made for any offence against this act, to summon such per Cg t0 forfeit son or persons, other than the party or parties complained iol! against, as he shall think proper, to appear before him at a day

certain, then and there to give evidence touching any offence committed against this act; and in case such person or persons shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend, or give evidence touching such offence, he, (he, or they shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and in default of payment thereof, or in case of inability to pay the same, shall stand committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid. M.

XVII And be it further enabled, That any inhabitant of the ^be'deemed parish where any offence against this act shall be committed, competent shall, upon any complaint or hearing before any justice or justi witnesses, ces of the peace, or upon any trial or examination by virtue of

this act, be, and be deemed to be, a competent witness, not withstanding his or her contributing to any of the rates or dues to such parish; or being a poor person relieved or relievable by the said parish, and entitled as such to receive any benefit or interest from any penalty or penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the directions of this act; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead General lffue' the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his,

her, or their defence; and if upon the trial, a verdict shall pass

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants

shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against Treble coils.

such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.

712 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 72. [ 1 jb6j

CAP. LXXII

An act for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty j intituledan at for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

Preamble. WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twenty the fares \\ fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act ^geo*^ ky for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for ex plaining and amending several acts or parliament relating to pealed. hackney coaches); the several rates and fares to be talen by hackney coaclimen, and persons legally acting under them, for the hire of any such hackney coach, from and after the fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, are therein enumerated and set down: and whereas fitch rates and fares have been found infiuffi cient to enable the hackney coachmen to pay the duties imposed, and alfif unsatisfactory to the public: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so much of the said recited act as enumerates the rates and fares to be taken by licensed hackney coaclimen, or persons legally acting under them, shall be, and the From Aug. t, same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said first lowtne^fares" ay every person who is or shall be licensed by the

to be taken, commissioners for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and viz. chairs, or the major part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire,

by the hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney coach, with horses and geldings or mares, within the cities of London and west minster, or the suburbs of the same, or within the parishes or places comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, or any other place or places whereto, by any of the laws now in being, such hackney coachmen are compellable to go, or any person legally acting under such licensed person, shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the hire of any such hackney coach, the rates and fares herein after mentioned; (that is to say);

For 1 mile For every distance within, and not exceeding one mile and and i 4th, is. two furlongs, the sum of twelve pence:

For 3 ths of And for every further distance within, and not exceeding six ther^d^* furlongs (computed as beyond the said first mentioned difsnce For half a of one mile and two furlongs), the sum of sixpence" " beyond And for every further distance within, and not exceeding four the former furlongs (beyond the said second distance), the sum of sixpence: For ever ^ And n manner the sum of sixpence for every further half mfie^ distance within, and not exceeding four furlongs, to be computed further. 6d.. through

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 72, 71$

through the whole distance which such coach shall be driven or go:

And, as respecting such coaches as shall be considered to be anhour, is.;

kept in waiting, the following rates and fares shall and may bv between

demanded, received, and taken (that is to say), 3 ths and an

V hour, js. 6d.

For any time, not exceeding three quarters of an hour, one shilling; and for any time exceeding three quarters of an hour, and not exceeding one hour, one shilling and sixpence:

For any time exceeding one hpur,. and not exceeding one hour and twenty minutes, two Shillings; and for every period of time, not exceeding twenty minutes, to be computed from the expiration of the said first hour and twenty minutes, the sum of sixpence, to be computed through the whole time during which such coach shall be engaged or employed:

And for a day's work or hire, reckoning twelve hours to the day, the sum of fourteen Shillings and sixpence; and for any' time, to be computed from the conclusion of the said twelve hours, such coach shall be considered as a coach in waiting, the same shall be paid for in the manner, and according to the rate aforesaid.

Between an hour, and an hour and ao minutes, as.; and for every ao minutes afterwards,

6d. s

For a day of 1 a hours,

14s* 6d.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore fxaalngmore said, That if any such hackney coacliman, his renter or driver, than these shall exact or take more for his or their hire than the several rates fares to be hereby limited, My or they shall, for every such offence, be fub recovered as jecb and liable to such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and heretofore punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and inflicted, by

such persons, and in such and the like manner and form, as by any law or Jaws now are in being, respecting such hackney coaclimen, their renters or drivers; and that the several rates and fares herein before mentioned shall and may be recovered, in such and the like manner as the fares of hackney coachmen are by any act or acts of parliament now recoverable.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, revoked That if any hackney coacliman, his, her, or their renter or when arrears renters, shall, from and after the said first day of Augufi, be in are not paid arrear of payment of any rent or rents, reserved or made payable

by any licence or licences, granted or to be hereafter granted by the said commissioners, or the major part of them, for any longer time than is or shall be expressed in such licence or licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or the major part of them, to revoke such licence or licences, and to levy the rents and sums of money reserved, and thereby made payable, either upon the goods and chattels of such owner or owners, or renter or renters, in such and the like manner and form as they may, by any law now in being, dp with respect to such owner or owners.

IV And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons stall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this

u aft.

jri4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73. [1786.

or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such General issue. person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited. Treble costs. such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXXIII

An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home conjumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain impojts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

Preamble. WHEREAS, by several acts of parliament, in force at the VV time of the pajfmg of a certain act of parliament, made in the act 24 Geo. twenty fourth year of his present Majesty s reign, (entitled, An act 3. C 46, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties up

recited. on ow wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting

and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands of Ferentofh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies), sundry rates and duties were granted upon low wines and spirits made in Great Britain, for home consumption: and whereas the saidrates and duties were by the said act, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, discontinued for a limited time, and other duties were by that act granted in lieu thereof for the same time: and 'whereas it is expedient to discontinue, for a further limited time, the rates and duties granted by the said acts of parliament in force at the time of the pajfmg of the said act of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of his said Majesty s reign, upon low wines and spirits, made in that part of Great Britain called England, for home consumption, and to repeal so much of the said act as is hereinafter repealed, and in lieu of the said rates and duties granted by the said acts of parliament in force at the time of the pajfmg of the said act, made in the twenty fourth year of his fold majesty*s reign, and of the said rates and duties so granted in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty, for the same limited time, the several rates and duties herein? after mentioned, and hereby imposed, and also to provide and enact the several powers, authorities, rules, regulations, and provifms herein after mentioned, for the better raising, levying, colie sting, and securing the said rates and duties hereby imposed; be it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73.' 715

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That, for and during the space of two years, to be computed For 2 years from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said rates and duties, by the said acts of parliament pjcfcnt duties in force at the time of the passing of the said act, made in the to cease, and twenty-fourth year of his said majesty's reign, so granted upon in lieu thereof low wines and spirits made in that part of Great Britain called duties England for home consumption, shall be discontinued, save only pan viz!

and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears 1

thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively;; that in lieu and stead of the said rates and duties so discontinued, and of the said rates and duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties of excise following; (that is to say).

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, brewed or made For every for extrading spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, to be paid by the grain, 6d. makers or distillers thereof, the sum of sixpence:

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or LI Folj evcij quor made or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials or

(except such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture Of wah, 'frora therewith, for extrading spirits for home consumption, to be other British paid by the makers or distillers thereof, the sum of five pence: materials For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, made or brewed t*vm gramme from melafles or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading pr every spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or diftii gallon of lers thereof, the sum of eight pence three farthings: wort from

And for every gallon of wah composed of foreign refused wine gd°r or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials ex pjj^every cept melafles and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extract gallon from ing spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or foreign distillers thereof, the sum of one shilling. winc>&c*is*

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said duties by this act imposed shall be under the re Duties to be ceipt and management of the commissioners of excise in England ^anapement for the time being. ^ of the excise.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and makers Entry to be of low wines or spirits, shall, four days at the least before he, jade of (he, or they shall begin to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any ^

other materials for the making of wash to be distilled into low working, and wines, make a true and particular entry in writing at the next not to be used office of excise, within the limits whereof his, her, or their otherwise workhouse, still house, storehouse, warehouse, or other place for fpec^*e<* the brewing, mixing, distilling, making, or keeping wort, wasti, 1 n low wines or spirits, is or shall be situate, of all coppers, tuns, backs, coolers, stills, calks, and vessels, which he, (he, or they,

shall

7*6 Anno vicesimo sexto georgir III CI 73* ['1.786.

shall make use of for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, distilling, holding, laying, or keeping any wort, wah, or low wines, or any spirits or feints; and in such entry shall insert the day when he, (he, or they shall intend to begin first to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wort, wah, tilts, or other liquor to be distilled into low wines, and in such entry shall specify the particular use and purpose to and for which each such copper, tun, back, cooler, (till, calk, and vessel, is intended to be used, applied and appropriated; and no such copper, tun, back, cooler, (fill, calk, or vessel, shall be used, applied, or appropriated, to any other use or purpose than that to which the same is in such entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, and appropriated, and which entry and entries shall be made out according to the schedule.hereunto annexed, as the case may require; and if any such distiller or distiliers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits, shall negletft to Penalty on make such entry, specifying as aforesaid, or shall use, apply, or kamg°toes" appropriate any such copper, tun, back, cooler, dill, calk, or make entry, "vessel, in the way of his, her, or their trade or business of a distill fe ler or distiliers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits to

or for any other use or purpose than that to or for which such copper, tun, back, cooler, (till, ea(k, or vessel, is in such entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, or appropriated, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all wort, wah, low wines, spirits, feints, ' and other liquors respectively, which shall be found in any such copper, tun, back, cooler, still, cask, or vessel, at the time when such offence shall be committed; and such wott, wah, low wines, spirits, feints, and other liquor respectively* shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Entries not to IV And be it further enabled by the authoriy aforesaid, whil^dutfes11 That no distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of spirits for are depend home consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw or discontinue ing, etc. his, her, or their entry of any still house or storehouse whilst any duty therein shall be depending, or any utensils for brewing, Terfons bin ^ fermenting, or distilling, shall be (landing; and that it shall and ma>' fr any °fficer or officers of excise, by night as

ihlbhouses, 5 well as by day, (but if in the night, then on producing his or forfeit 2ccl. their commission or commissions as such officer or officers), to enter, by the usual or moil: accustomed doors or passages, into all entered still houses, and all other places where utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling are (landing, belonging to any distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits; and if any person or persons shall wilfully obstruct any such officer or officers of excise from having free ingress and regress into and from any such entered still house, or place, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two If officers are hundred pounds; and. after any obftrueftion, it shall and may be obftrutfed, lawful to and for such officer or officers of excise, together with

breltpen proper assistants, to break open by force any doors leading or

1 ' belonging

i}86.] Anno Vicesimo fextd gedrgit IIL e. yf. f t

belonging to such entered still house or place, or any of the twin hll houss, dows thereof, or to break through any of the walls, so far as (half etc be necessary for obtaining entrance thereinto: provided always.

That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to Cases where extend, to prevent the changing of any entry from the name of £ntr'es one owner or proprietor of the entered premises, to the name of be C ailge * any fubfeqtient owner or proprietor thereof; or to prevent any distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits, from changing his, her, or their entry for making of spirits for home consumption to an entry for making of spirits for exportation; or from changing his, her, or their entry for making of spirits for exportation, to an entry for making of spirits for home consumption; or from changing his/her, or their entry for the making of spirits from corn or malt, to an entry for the making of spirits from melaffes or sugar; or from changing his, her, or their entry for the making of spirits from melafl'es or sugar, to an entry for the making of spirits from corn or malt; so that every new entry, for the respective purposes aforesaid, be made on the same day whereon such distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his former entry; but if the new entry shall not be made on the same day in which the former entry shall be withdrawn, ftch former entry shall remain and continue in full force.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wash back

That every fermenting wafti back which, from and after the *° ^ con first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty IX officer *

shall be used or kept by any distiller or maker, or distillers or roay conveni makers of low wines or spirits, shall have a hole or dipping place ently take the in the top thereof, and be so placed and constructed as that the gauge, on pe officer of excise may be conveniently enabled to take his dip of na y 0 200 * gauge at such hole or dipping place at the top thereof;, and that

every fermenting, or other wah back shall, after the lit ft; day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be fa eonftrudted and placed as that the top thereof shall be under or beneath the level of the charging cock of the wail (till; and if any such distiller or maker, or distillers or makers of spirits, shall keep or use any fermenting wah baek without such hole or dipping place being at the top thereof, or shall have, keep, or use any fermenting wall back so placed or constructed as that the officer of excise cannot conveniently be enabled to take his dip r gauge at such hole or dipping place at the top thereof, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Notice to be That all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and makers given before of low wines and spirits, shall, after his, her, or their wah back ^frefttfrn or wail backs shall be quite empty, and before the same shall ed, on penalty be begun to be fresh limed, give or cause to be given to same or of 50u

one of the officers of excise, urider whose survey he, (he, or they shall then be, such notice in writing as herein after is .mentioned before the particular hour or time when he, (he, or they intends or intend to begin to lime such wash back or wash backs

Vox.. XXXV £ bh (that

Penalty of 200i. on persons having conveyances ta or from

718 .Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 7$. [17861

(that is to say), he, (he, or they, if within the weekly bills of mortality, shall give notice, in writing, to same or one of the officers of excise, under whose survey he, (he, or they shall then be, four hours at lead, or in other parts of Great Britain, eight hours at lead, of his, her, or their intention to begin to lime his, her, or their wah back or wash backs; and in case such didiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall not begin to lime his, her, or their wah back or wah backs, at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour after, such notice shall in every such case respectively be null and void; and such didiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall be obliged to give another like notice, in writing, before he, (he, or they (hail begin to lime his, her, or their vva(h back or wall backs; and if any didiller or didiliers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits, shall begin to lime any such wash back or wah backs, without giving such notice as aforesaid, he, (he, or they, (had forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for each and every wah back which shall be so begun to be limed without such notice as aforesaid..

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no reifier or re&ifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits, shall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading to or leading from any dill or ftiils, not here ftjlls to him? her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them y permit e. ufe(j other than and except one charging pipe, and one hole or opening made according to the form of the datute in that case made and provided, to the intent that the gaugers and officers of excise may take gauges and samples), to each such dill, nor shall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading from any such dill or dills, save and except the discharge cock to each dill respectively belonging; and if any such reifier or compounder, or redtifiers or compounders, shall have or keep any such opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance (not before excepted), leading to or leading from such dill or dills, he, (he, or they shall, for every such fixed pipe, opening or conveyance (not before excepted), forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the clauses, provisions, redri&ions, powers, authorities, and directions, enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an act made in the twelfth year of his present majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excise, with respect to tea, soap, low wines, and spirits); or in and by an act made in the fourteenth year of his said majesty's reign, (entitled. An act to extend fa much of an act, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to difiillers or makers of low wines and spirits from corn, to every kind of dist litre; .and for the more effectual feeuring the revenue of excise arifng from low wines and spirits; and for after taining. the allcvjance to he made to the manufacturers of wool and linen r in 'respect of the duties on soap imported and used in the woollen

y and

The provisions contained in

I Geo. 3. 46;

C

and 14 Geo. C 7ji

ij?86.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C jf. ' ^*9

rind linen manufactures \ so far as the same, or any of them, relate relative to the to or concern the providing and affixing sufficient fastenings to ^j^n^sex the heads of stills, wah pumps, charging cocks, and discharge tend to ail cocks respectively, or any of them; or to the providing locks diftiileries. and keys respectively for securing the said still heads, charging cocks, and discharge cocks respectively, or any of them; or to the providing and affixing locks, keys, and fastenings, or any of them, to the furnace doors of any still or flills ^ or to the locking, sealing, or securing such dill heads, wall pumps, charging ''cocks, discharge cocks, and furnace doors respectively, or any of them; or to the opening or charging any still or stills, or giving notice of being desirous to open and charge the same respectively;; to the lighting fire under any still or (tills, or to the opening any furnace door, or giving notice of being desirous to have any furnace door unlocked; or for the use of such locks, keys, and fastenings respectively; or to the enforcing a due obedience to the said acts, in respect to the masters aforesaid, under the several pains and penalties by the said acts respectively in that behalf imposed and infiided for any disobedience or neglect concerning the same; shall be, and the same are hereby re enacted, and are also hereby enacted and declared to extend to all furnaces, wath pumps, and stills of all distillers and makers of low wines and spirits whatsoever.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons using That all and every redifier and compounder, and redifiers and without compounders of spirits shall, at his, her, and their own expense, Charge cocks, find, provide, and affix sufficient locks, keys, and fastenings, to to forfeit 50u be approved of in writing, by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district in which such redifier or compounder, or redifiers or compounders, shall respectively reside, to the discharge cock of'all and every still and stills to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used; and the officers of excise [hall, and they afe hereby required to lock and secure such discharge cocks; and if any such redifier or compounder,, or redifiers or compounders, shall presume to rectify or compound spirits, before he, (he, or they shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient keys,, locks, and fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every such discharge cock to each and every still! to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used, according to the directions herein given, or shall refuse to pay for such locks, keys, or fastenings, in pursuance of the directions of this act, he, fixe, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Locks, etc. where any locks, keys, or fastenings have been or shall be pro t0 be a!te*.e<* vided in pursuance of the said acts, made in the twelfth, four of

teenth, and twenty-fourth years of his said majesty's reign, or the officer, on any of them, or in pursuance of this act, all and every distiller penalty of iand distiliers, and maker and makers of low wines, or spirits, and all and every redifier and redifiers, and compounder and

B b b z compounder

jia Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III e. 73. [1786.

compounders of spirits, to whom such locks, keys, and fatten ings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own expense, from timp to time, and at all times, when required foto do by the general surveyor, (if such distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders, shall reside within the limits of the chief office of excise in London), and by. the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise (if such distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, shall reside out of the said limits) of the division or district in which he, lhe, or they shall respectively reside, immediately fet about the altering, repairing and amending, and shall also, within a reasonable time then next following, repair, amend, and alter according to such requisition, all and Angular the fastenings directed by the said several acts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and twenty-fourth years of his said majesty's reign, or any or either of them, to ]pe provided and affixed to the heads of each and every low wine (till and wah still, wash pumps and charging cocks, belonging to or used by any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and also all and every such locks and keys as are by such acts of parliament, or any or either of them, directed to be provided for securing the said still heads, charging cocks, and wah pumps, and also all such locks, keys, and - fastenings as are directed by the said acts, or any or either of them, to be found, provided and affixed to the furnace door of each and every still, by every distiller and maker of low wines or spirits for sale, redtifiers and compounders respectively used, and also all and every such locks, keys, and fastenings, as are by the said act, made in the said fourteenth year of his said .majesty's reign, directed to be found, provided, and affixed to the discharge cock of every wah still, and of every low wine Jiill, used by every distiller and maker of low wines or spirits for sale; and if any such distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders, to whom any such locks, keys, and fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to fet about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the same when thereunto required according to the directions of this act, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds

Recital of act. XL And whereas, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the

zi Geo. 3. C reign of his present Majesty (intituledan act for the more el

Q fedtual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and

for putting a (top to the private distillation of British made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from justices of the peace; to amend and rectify a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing yexatio^ against officers of excise acting

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III c.73.' 711

in pursuance of the authority given by excise statutes), it was enabled That the keys of every charging cock, and of every discharge cock, that jbouu be made use of by any dijiiller or maker of low wines and spirits, whether for sale or for exportation, or by any reblifier or compounder of spirits for charging, or for discharging and emptying any fill or fills, or other entered utensil by him, for, or them respectively made use of \ should be so riveted into the cock, of which it was a part, as to prevent the same from being taken out of the body of the said cock: and whereas the rivetting the keys of such charging and discharge cocks, in manner dire bled by the said clause, has been found inconvenient and inadequate to the purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of Clause of last the said recited clause, as directs any such cocks to be riveted as in the said clause is directed, shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly. repealed. *

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers or low wines No key to be or spirits, or rectifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compoun *

ders of spirits, shall rivet, or cause to be riveted, or otherwise examination, fasten or cause to be fattened, any key into any charge or dif on penalty of charge cock of any (till of or belonging to or u(ed by him, her, 5ol« or them so as to prevent the officer or officers of, excise from taking out and examining such key; and if any such distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, shall rivet or cause to be riveted, or fasten or cause to be fattened, any such key, contrary to the directions of this act, he, the, or they shall, for every such key so riveted or fattened, forfeit and lose the film of fifty pounds.

. XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of low wines Persons hav or spirits, nor any redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or com pipes of pounders of spirits, shall have any pipe or conveyance, comma tion with nicating with any worm belonging to any still in his, her, or worms, to their custody or possession: and if any such distiller or distiliers, forfeit iooi. maker or makers, redtifier or redtifiers, compounder or compounders, shall have any pipe or other conveyance, communicating with any worm belonging to any still in his, her, or their custody or potsession, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of low wines No cap, etc. or spirits, or redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compoun t0 kept so ders of spirits, shall, from and after the said first day of Auguf, cocks^being* one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, have or keep any examined, on iron, or other tap or covering, upon any cock belonging to his, penalty of ^ her, or their still or (tills, or to any pipe, back or vessel whatsoever in his, her, or their entered premises, so as to prevent the officer or officers of excise from distinctly feeing and easily examining such cock; and if any such distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compouiidersv

B b b 3 shall

jqa Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73. [1785.

shall have or keep any such cap or covering upon any such cock, contrary to the directions of this act he, (he, or they shall, for every such cap or covering so had or kept, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

, XV Arid, to the intent that no allowance may be made or permits 'granted' to any. p erf on or persons, calling themselves rectifiers or compounders'.y for Jale, but not being known or actual rectifiers and comv pounders, for. any increase which such person or persons may make in his, her,. or their jicck or locks, by water, sugar, syrup, fruit, or any other ingredients; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. No persons to .That no person or persons shall be deemed to be a rectifier or he deemed compounder of spirits within the meaning of this act, who shall wh6 have ^tc* not ave an entered still. capable of containing in the body Itrl's of a less thereof, exclusive of the head, one hundred and twenty gallons capacity than at the least, nor unless such (fill shall have suitable tubs and iro galions, worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona side used for etc - he rectifying of briti/h spirits for sale by such person or perforts'.

frf. ^ XVI And be it further, enacted by the authority aforesaid

No person to That no wort, wash, or tilts, or other liquor, or preparation for, remove wort the diffjlling of low wines or spirits for home confumpriori* ftrilt before into the still, or other wise removed from the back

being gauged, 9t veffef wliprein. the same was or were fermented, until the on penalty of j^rne shall have been gauged, and the duties, hereby imposed aool. etc. charged thereon, by. the proper officer of exrife; and if any distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, shall, contrary 16 the directions or this at, put into any still, or otherwise remove or cause to be so put or removed, any such wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor or preparation from the back or vessel wherein, the same was or were so fermented, before the same shall have been gauged, and the duties hereby imposed charged thereon, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twq hundred pounds, and shall also pay double the duty, for, all the wort, wash, tilts, and other liquor or preparation so put intp;; the still or removed as aforer find, „ ^ ‘ #,

XVII And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid. Regulations That qo diftiljer or maker, or distillers or makers of spirits (halj relative to still pave or ^eep any pipe, conveyance, or opening, leading to his pipes, e C wah still, fqve and except the known charging pipe or convey ance leading from his, her, or their known and entered wash,,,. Qr backs, and such pipe or conveyance shall empty itfejf

. in a fhure, open trunk, or vessel; which (hute, open trunk, or

vessel, shall, be at a distance not exceeding six feet from the still, and shall bp of the following dimensions; that is to say, at least V two feet in length, one foot in breadth, and not morp tharr

twq feet in depth; from which (hute, open trunk, or vessel, the conveyance pipe into the wash still shall be in a straight line, and not concealed from the view of the officer, nor of q greater or larger size than six inches diameter in the clear, oq v>m of forfeiting, for every other pipe, trunk conveyance, or : ' ' ' 1 ' ' ' ' ' ‘; opening

1786, ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73* 723

opening, erected, setup, kept, or continued, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the sum of two hundred pounds.;

- - XVIII And, to the end that the officers of excise may be Officers to able to, taste, examine, and ascertain the quality of all wash, tak? w2rtst?n worts, or other liquors, intended to be conveyed into the still fames r 6 or stills of all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker or makers of low wines and spirits, all such officers are hereby im; powered, as often as to them, or any of them, shall seem expedient, to take a fampie or samples of such wah, worts, or other liquors, either in the coolers, wash backs, or other vessels whac soever, before the same shall be conveyed into the wash still or stills, not exceeding twelve gallons at any one time, from each such cooler, wash back, or other vessel, on paying after the rate rof one shilling and sixpence by the gallon for the same.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the proper officer of excise shall gauge all wort, wah, and Officers to other liquor, after the same shall have been put into the wash thea^jjun* still, (either for home consumption or for exportation), and gauges, keep in his books true accounts of the still gauges of such wort, V wash, and other liquors respectively.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, in the possession of Persons frau any distiller or maker of spirits, distillers or makers of spirits, dulently re shall be removed or taken away from his, her, or their entered distillery, nor shall any wort, wash or tilts, be deposited, hid, wort) t0 or concealed, in any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud feitit, ^ndios. his Majesty of the duties thereon j and when and so often as per gallon on any wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, shall be removed or taken the quantity away, or any wort, wah, or tilts, deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, such wort, wash, tilts, and low wines respectively, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall; and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise;; over and beside such forfeiture, such distiller or maker, or distillers or makers, so removing or taking away any wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, or so depositing, hiding, or concealing any wort, wash, or tilts, or causing the same foto be removed, taken away, or deposited, hid, or concealed, and the person or persons employed foto remove or take away, or foto deposit, hide, or conceal the same, or who shall receive the same,

.shall several ly forfeit and lose the sum of ten Shillings for every gallon of wort, wash, tilts, or low wines so removed, taken away, or concealed, and. the like sum of ten Shillings for every gallon of wort, wash, or tilts, so deposited, hid, or concealed.

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and makers Penalty of of low wines or spirits for home consumption, shall, before he, thlers^ot* " (he, or they shall begin to draw off any low .wines from his, chargingwash, her, or their wash still, charge the same with wort or wash made stills as herein

B b b 4 from directed, or

: ?n

not work'ng them rff in due time.

, Annp yieefimo fe$tp Georgii L [178&

from malt orco^n, of melaffes or sugar, orwith cyder, perry, or other, liquor, on which the duties hereby imposed arc di reed to be charged, and shall have been charged, in the proportion of not l$fs than three parts in four of the Whole quantity pf liquor which such. still, including the head, is capable of containing 5. and that all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker apjcj makers of low wines or spirits for exportation, shall before he., (fie, or they shall begin to draw off any low wines from his, her, or their vva(h (till, charge the same with fuefi wort or wafiv in the proportion of not left than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which such still, including the head. is capable of containing; and that every wash still shall be wqrked off within the space of twentyrfour hours, to be computed from the time of the officer's taking an account of the charge of such still; end that all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and makers of spirits, who shall begin to dravy off any low wines until his, her, or their wash still shall have been so charged in manner herein before directed;; after having been so charged, shall not work the same off within such twenty-four hours, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds..

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all low. wines shall, within the space of twelve hours after the same shall have been runoff from the wash still, be com than i fiours veyed into the low wine still, and shall, within the space of the after they have next twelve hpqrs, be drawn off and distilled into spirits; and been run pff jf any distiller or ^jifliilers, or maker or makers of low wines or ' (pints, Shall keep ny low wines more than twelve hours after, r the same ftujl have been run off from the wash still before the

same shall be put into the low wine still, or shall not, within the space of the next twelve hours after the same shall have been put into the low. wine still, work off and distill the same into spirits, he, (he, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds by the hour for each and every hour beyond the time or space hereby limited for that purpose during which he, (he, or they shall keep any such low wines without drawing off or diftiljing the same into spirits.

XXIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Penalty of That all and every redtifier and re&ifiers, compounder and 200i. on rec compounders of British spirits, shall, before he, (lie, or they tifiers who do foeg*in t0 draw off any spirits from his, her, or their still, their charge the same in the proportion of not less than seven parts iq

herein direct ten of the whole quantity of liquor which such still, including ed, or work the head, is capable of containing; and such still shall remains and continue so charged until he, (he, or they shall begin tq draw off spirits therefrom; and every such still shall be worked pff within eighteen hours, to be computed from the time of the officer's taking the gauge of the still; and if any rectifier oc compoupder, pr redlifiers or compounders of spirits shall begin to draw off any spirits from his, her, pr their still pot fq charged

pr

Penalty on

keeping low. wines more

them off in due time.

7*5

No allowance to be made for any fluid mixed with wall, etc.

Directions of act XI Geo. C 55. to be followed.

Officers to keep accounts of wall, and give diftiller® the following credits, viz.

1784.3 Auno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73.

or (hal not work off the same within such eighteen hours, he, stir or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and Jose the sum of one hundred pounds,

XXIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That no distiller or maker, or diftillera or makers of spirits for exportation, shall haye or be entitled to any allowance for or under any pretence of any inereafe by water, or any other fluid mixed with the w$(h put into his, her, or their (till, but the whole charge of such still shall be considered as wah; and he, ibe, pr they shall, in re(pect of the find charge, produce to the proper officer the several and respective quantities and proportions of spirits, specified and directed in and by an act made in the twenty first year of his present majesty's reign, amongst Other things, for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and. of theinland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein, under the pains and penalties in and by that at directed gnd provided in that hsbalf.

XXV And be it further enacted, That every officer of excise, having any still or still house, or other place used for the purpose of making or distilling spirits for home consumption,

Under his survey, shall keep exadfc accounts in his books of all wah, wort, tilts, and other liquors, whereon the said duties are hnpofed by this a; and shall in his said books of accounts give unto the several and respective distillers or makers of spirits under his survey, a credit according to the following rates or proportions > that is to say.

For eyery one hundred gallons of wort or wah, made or brewed from malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, a credit for twenty gallons of spirits of the strength of pne to ten over hydrometer proof:

For every one hundred gallons of cyder, perry, wah, or Other liquor, made or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, a credit for fifteen gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid:

For every one hundred gallons of wort or wasti, made or brewed from melafles or sugar, or any mixture with the same, a credit for twenty-two gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid:

And for every one hundred gallons of wah, composed of foreign r^fufed wing or foreign cyder, or wall prepared from foreign materials (except melafles and sugar), or any mixture therewith, 3 credit for twenty gallons of spirits of the strength gfqresaid,

XXVI And be ft further ena<sed hythe authority aforesaid, Increase of That if, on carting up the flock of any distiller or maker, or flock, above distiller or makers of spiritsf for home consumption (such ma titvut<?beformer not being alfp a resftifier), at the aforesaid strength of one Mied, and

to also 50I.s

For every 100 gallons of wort made from grain,

20 gallons of spirits: :

every too galions, made from other British materials, 15 galions:

For every 100 gallons made from melafles or sugar, 22 galions:

For every 100 gallons made from other foreign materials, zp galr Ions,

7*6

Officers to take stock of distillers every 3 months, or when ordered foto do, and if any unfair increase be found, it is to be forfeited and 50i.

Officers to take stock of rectifiers every $ months, and if an unfair increase be found, it is to be forfeited

and job

Anno vitfcfiaio lextd georgfii III c.73. |ftjw*

46 ten over hydrometer proof any officer or officers of excise shall find the quantity of spirits; contained in such stock * the quantity for which the di (falter or maker or diftilifersot makers thereof is or art entitled to such credit as aforesaid after making the proper dedudfton and allowance for the quantity of spirits for which pepmits^shall have been granted to such distiller or maker, or distillers ^ then, and in every such cife, such excess shall be deemed and taken to have arisen and been occasioned by Wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor not duly charged with the" rates and duties hereby imposed;; so much of such stock as. shall be found increased, shall be forfeited nd lost, and a quantity equal to the quantity so found in excess'shall and may be seized and taken by arry officer or officers of excise from and out of any part of such stock, and the perfdn and persons, in whose stock such excess shall be found, shall also forfeit and lofe-the fam of fifty pounds. -

XXVII And be itfurther enacted by the authority aforesaid

That the officers of excise shall, within' thirty days after the commencement of this aeftyand so afterwards once in every three months at the least, and oftener when occasion shall require, or when directed by any principalor general officer of excite or by the surveyor or supervisor of the district, itake an account of the stock of all distillers and makers of British spirits for home consumption, and also of the raw of unredified stock fall dealers in British spirits for home consumption (such distillers makers, or dealers, not being actual redifiers or compounders of spirits); and if, on taking such account, the quantity of fpir rits found in any such stock, added to the quantity for which permits shall have beeh granted since the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found in such stock at the time of taking such last preceding account, added to the quantity since legally made or received by permit, such stock being castor computed at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited and lost, and (h^ll and may be seized and taken, by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of such stock; and the person or persons, in whose,, such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds,.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, within thirty days after the commencement of this act, and afterwards once in every three months at the lead, the officers of excise shall also take an account of the stock of British brandy, rectified British) spirits, raw British spirits, compounds, and other British spirits, of every redlifier and compounder of spirits (whether a maker of spirits or not); and if on taking such account, the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such reifier or $: omj)ounc)er, since the time of taking the last preceding account

qs

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73. 727

of such flock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found in such flock, at the time of taking such last preceding account, added to the quantity firice legally made or received by permit, with the allowance of thirty-five gallons on every one hundred gallons fa made or received, calling or computing such flock at the strength of one in eight under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken, by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of such flock; and the person or persons in whose flock such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds....;

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That for the making unto the re&ifiers and compounders of Rectifiers to spirits, as well for what .they shall lawfully make, as for what {j^nceof they shall lawfully purchase and receive by permit, a fair allow gallons in ance for that increase by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit which is the 100 for necessary to render their spirits fit for consumption, there shall increase by be allowed permits for the sending out any number of galions, water>etc» Hot exceeding the rate or; proportion of one hundred and thirty five gallons of British brandy, rectified British spirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of British raw spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which they shall have received by permit, or shall have made, according to the regulations and directions of this act; anything herein, or in any other actor acts of parliament, contained to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX And, to the intent that permits, may not he granted for sending out a greater quantity of british brandy, rectified British spirits, or compounds, from the flock of any reftifier or reflifiersy or compounder or compounders of British spirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five gallons for every one hundred gallons which he, sloe, or they Shall lawfully make or receive by permit, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officers of Officers to excise shall keep an account in their books with all and every keep an a<j* the distiller and diftiijers, maker and makers, redtifier and rec quantity ofc tifiers, ..and .compounder and compounders of British spirits, as ipirits made, well of the quantities of all British) spirits which he, though or they etc. and for shall legally make or receive by permit, as of the quantities of which per all British spirits for which any such officer or officers shall grant granted any permit j and when and so often as any officer shall be called and if per * or required by any such distiller or distiliers, maker or mits are re makers, redtifier or redlifiers, or compounder or compounders, quiredfora to grant any permit or permits for the sending out of any British than brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British com ought to be i pounds, or'ipirits of wine, exceeding the quantity which he, stock, it may ihe, or they ought to have remaining in flock, such officer or bs officers shall immediately examine, or caufeto be examined, the

flock in hand of such distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, redtifier or rediijfkrs? or ppmpouader pr compounders and whatever

j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 7p [ 1786.

ever cxcofs shall be found in flock, such excess shall be.forfeited and lost, and (hail and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise..

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Spirits not of That no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, the strength shall sell or send out any spirits whatever for home confurftption fcribedpto be a Sreater or higher degree of strength than that of one to ten forfeited; over hydrometer proof; and no rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder

or compounders of spirits (whether a maker or makers of spirits, or not), shall sell or send out any British brandy, Bru tijh rectified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, of a greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in eight under hydrometer proof; nor shall any distiller or diftif jess, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, or any dealer or dealers in spirits, sell or send out any foreign spirits of a lower degree of strength than that of one in six gnder hydrometer proof, nor have in his her, or their custody or possession any quantity of foreign spirits, or British and foreign ipirits mixed together, except shrub, cherry or raspberry brandy, of a lower degree of strength than as last aforesaid, upon pain of all such spirits being forfeited and lost; and ail such spirits, together with the calks and vessels containing the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXII Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by But rectifiers, the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and etc. keeping for any rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders fpsts^fcpa f fj?ir*ts» an t0 an for any dealer or dealers in rectified British rate from * spirits, upon condition of his, her, or their keeping his, her, or other liquors, their whole (lock of spirits of wine separate and apart from his, may send out her, or their (lock of other liquors, but not otherwise, to de a greater °% mask ard receive permits for sending out spirits of wine of any strength. higher or greater degree of strength than that of one in eight

undpr hydrometer proof to any person not being a maker, rectifier, or compounder of spirits, so that the whole quantity of such spirits of wine to be sent to any one person in the same day shall not exceed one hundred and twenty galions; and the officer granting such permit shall therein express the same to be double (pints, and shall debit the (lock of such rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, or dealer or dealers, at the rate of two hundred gallons of British spirits for every one hundred gallons of spirits of wine for which such permit shall be granted.

XXXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority afore rectifiers not said. That in all cases'where the strength of any part of the ftrc^th of f any rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compoun

ix^xedvpirits fers spirits, by being mixed with any sugar, syrup, seeds, on casks, or fruit, or any other ingredients or materials, cannot be easily markingthem ascertained by the hydrometer, such rectifier or rectifiers, of forfdt^the0 compounder or compounders, shall, upon twelve hours notice feme^and^ol* given him ty such officer or officers, cause the true quantity and * * degree

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgu III C 73. ^20}

degree of strength of such spirits, so mixed, to be legibly marked on the outside of the case or cases, or vessel or vessels, containing the same respectively; and if the strength of such spirits shall be found to have been limruly marked by such reifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, on the outside of such case or cases, or vessel or vessels, or if he, (he, or they shall, upon such twelve hours notice given as aforesaid, neglect to mark the quantity and degree of strength of such spirits, as aforesaid, such spirits, fyro.p, seeds, fruit, and other ingredients, together with the cases and vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise;; such reifier or compounder, or redhfiers or compounders, shall also, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pouqds.

XXXIV Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any British spirits (other than and except raw reified fpi* or unre&ified spirits, or spirits of wine which have been law ^cuftcrf fully received by permit, according to the directions of this act, dealer or of an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled An act not yre&i to discontinue, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scot for, to be for land upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other ftron^erthaa liquors there used in the dtftillation ofspirits, and for granting to his onetrteight Majesty other duties in lieu thereof), or any mixture of British under hydro spirits with foreign spirits, shall be found in the custody of any metre proof dealer or dealers in spirits, not being a rectifier or compounder

of British spirits, exceeding the strength of one in eight under hydrometer proof, the same, together with the cases and vessels Containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of fcxcife.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, com Spirituous pounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in spirituous liquors kep liquors, shall have, occupy, or use different entered warehouses .^paratc or places for the keeping of any spirituous liquors, or strong r

waters, and which shall not be under the. same roof, or shall be veyedasfe* separated from each other by the intervention of any land, pre parate docks, mises, buildings, or ctherwife howsoever, the flocks of spirituous liquors in such entered warehouses or places shall or mayv if the officer or officers (under whose survey such flock or flocks shall be) deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be separate nd distinct flocks, and the same shall and may be surveyed and kept account of by the officer and officers of excise accord ingly, in the same manner as if the same belonged to different persons

And to the. intent that the officers of excise may the more conveniently examine intoy and give proof (if necessary) of the strength and quality of any british spirits for home consumption, be it Persont Wa further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, at all fampfes, pay times, to take any (ample or samples, not exceeding four gal mg for the Jims respectively, of any spirits wb^fb^ver, at any

Spirits produced from stills at work when stocks are taken, to be afterwards added.

Penalty on uflng calks not entered or gauged, etc.

Persons not filling up Calks on notice of Turkey, or not

Anno vicesimo feto Georgii III c.73. [ijsfi,

In the custody or possession of any distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, rechfier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, or dealer or dealers in spirits, paying for fu£h sample or samples, at and after the rate of seven Shillings by the gallon for such sample or samples of British spirits, and at and after the rate of thirteen Shillings by the gallon for such sample or samples of foreign spirits: and if any person or persons whatsoever shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers in the taking any such sample or samples, such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any (till shall happen to be charged, and at work at the time of such officer's taking account of the stock of any distiller or distiliers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits, to whom such (till shall belong, then, and in every such case, all the spirits produced from that charge of the (till shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of such stock till the account of the rest of such stock shall have been completely taken, after which the spirits produced from that charge (h?ll be added to such (lock.

XXXVIII And, for enabling the officers of excise the more readily to take the several accounts by this a51 diretted\ be it further enacted, That all (landing or fixed casks used for the keeping in stock of any British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw sin tifh spirits, British compounds, or other spirits, shall, on or'before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or if erected or setup after that time, then before the same shall be made use of, be entered at the proper office of excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the satisfaction of the proper officer or officers of excise, upon pain of forfeiture, by the owner or owners thereof, of the sum of one hundred pounds for every such cask which shall be used without having been duly entered, gauged, and inched, as aforesaid, and alfp of every such cask, with the liquor contained therein; and that every movable cask used for the sending out or keeping of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, or other, spirits, by any maker, rectifier, compounder, or dealer in British spirits for home consumption, shall have its full measure in galions, or the quantity of liquor it is capable of containing, legibly painted or cut on some conspicuous part thereof, upon pain that the owner of any movable cask soused, not having such full measure or such quantity painted or cut, or the person sending out the same, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for every such' default, omission, or offence,

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if a previous notice of twelve hours in writing be given or left, hythe officer or officers of excise under whose survey any distiller or distiliers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers'in, British spirits, shall

at

iy86.j Anno vicesimo sexto'georgii. III C 73.'

at any time be, of such officer dr officers intention to take an account of any stock of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, or other spirits respectively, of or belonging to any such distiller or distiliers; rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, dr dealer or dealers in, British spirits, such distiller or distiliers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, British spirits, shall, within such twelve hours, fill up, or cause to be filled up, all and every his, her, or their movable casks or utensils containing any British spirits, and which shall not be completely filled at the time of such notice being given, save and except that one of such movable casks or utensils may remain on ullage with British brandy therein, another thereof .on ullage with rectified British spirits therein, another thereof on ullage with raw British spirits therein, another thereof on ullage with briti/h compounds therein, and another thereof on ullage with spirits of wine therein; and such distiller or distiliers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, British spirits, shall also separate all such movable casks and utensils Containing British brandy, from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and keep the same so separated for the space of six hours: next after the; expiration of such twelve hours; and.shall in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing rectified British spirits from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the^space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; and shall also in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing raw British spirits from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; and shall in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing British compounds from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; and shall in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing spirits of wine from all other casks and utensils whatfoyer, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; to the intent that such officer may be able to take such stock with the greater ease and certainty; and if such distiller or distiliers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in spirits, shall or do, after such notice, neglect or refuse to fill up, or cause to, be filled up, any such movable calk or utehfil, according tp the directions of this act, or shall neglect f refuse to separate all.such movable casks and utensils con raining such British brandy, rectified British spirits, or British spirits, British compounds, and spirits of wine respectively, or to keep the same separate from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, according to the directions of this act, such distiller or distiliers, rectifier or. rectifiers, compounder or compounders of.

rc*

keeping different sorts of spirits separate, to forfeit rool.

Goo

73* Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73; [1786.

or dealer or dealers in spirits, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds'

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Particulars That in every permit for the removal of any raw British spirits, In permits ^ truty specified immediately after the

p * name of the person out of whofeftock such spirits shall be sent whether such person be a distiller or maker, or a redtifier, or a maker and redtifier, or a dealer in spirits;; that no permit, (ave only the permit from the actual distiller or maker of such raw spirits in England (such distiller or maker not being also a reifier for home consumption, or a compounder of spirits), and the permit accompanying British spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, legally brought from Scotland, shall carry with it, or entitle any redtifier or compounder, or dealer, to any allowance for the same in flock beyond the actual quantity of the spirits removed by virtue of such permit: provided Notice of the always, that every dealer or dealers, redtifier or redtifiers, com receipt of fpi pounder or compounders, after receiving any redtified or com fromscofland p?un(kd spirits legally brought from Scotland, shall be obliged, to be given; within twenty-four hours after the receipt of such spirits, to and if not * give notice thereof to the proper officer, who is hereby obliged, properly re within twenty-four hours after such notice, to attend to see forfeited b.c. *pir*ts educed to the strength as by this act provided for

such redtified or compounded spirits as aforesaid; and if such redtifier, compounder, or dealer, shall refuse or neglect, at the request of the officer, to reduce such spirits as aforefoid, such spirits shall be seized, forfeited, and lost,

XLI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Mode of ap That all persons intitied to or demanding any permit for the permits and removal of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British penalty'on spirits, spirits of wine, or British compounds, for home con

neglect. fumption, shall in the request note specify the respective trades or callings, specifying whether they are distiliers, redtifiers* compounders, or dealers in British spirits, and also the quantity of each such respective sort of British spirits intended to be removed, (and if such person or persons shall have, occupy, or life di fferent entered warehouses or places for the keeping of any British spirits, and which shall not be under the same roof, or be separated from each other by the intervention of any land premises, or buildings, or otherwise howsoever, from what particular warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, celiar, vault or other place, the same is intended to be removed), and to whom the same is intended to be sent; and such request note shall also specify whether such British spirits, so intended to be removed, are British brandy, redtified British spirits, raw Brkijk spirits, spirits of wine, or British compounds and shall also distinguish raw British spirits made from corn from raw British spirits made from melafles orsugar, or any other materials, afid* shall also specify the contents of the several casks, vessels and other packages containing the same, and by what mode of conveyance the same is intended to be sent, and whether by land

I

iftsj] Aristo tfce&fad fekto 6$o®&ii Ilf, C f j; f

or by water ? and tin permit shall tie Valid or of any effet^y the same shall be granted on any request note not made conformable to the directions of this at; and allfuch ispirits which shall be removed under a description not conformable to this a, or under any' false description, together with the caflcs, vessels, and other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carrs, and other carriages used in the removal thereof,

shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be fei&ed by any officer or officers of excise.

XLH, And be it further enacted, That every permit to be Permits to granted by any officer of excise, for the removal of any British correspond spirits, shall be shade to correspond, in respect to the particulars note^and to aforesaid, with therequeft note whereon the same shall be grant delivered ed, and such permit shall be sent and delivered with such spirits to the buyer, unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that such spirits shall (; if the on penalty of same be not seized in the transit for want of a lawful permit ac companying the same), be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and et pin * the seller rendered incapable of recovering the same, .w the Value or price thereof, in any court of law or equity $ and also that the seller shall, over and befiderthe loss of the said: spirits, forfeit and lose double the value of or price agreed to be paid sot the same, including the duties, and that the evidence of the buyer or person receiving the said spirits shall, as to such forfeiture of double the value or price, be admitted to prove that the same were delivered without a lawful permit.

XLIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority if it be proved aforesaid, That when any suit or atftioh shall be commeneed, that a permit or any information filed or exhibited either against rhe seller for !vas obtained recovery of the forfeiture of such double value or price or against the buyer for the recovery of the said spirits, or the va they shall be lue thereof; and upon the trial or hearing of any such suit, sc deemed to tion, or inforrnatioh respectively, the delivery of a proper permitto the buyer shall become a question, it shall be ftifficient for the seller to prove that a lawful permit was duly obtained by p * ** him for the removal of such spirits into the flock of the buyer thereof, and that there had been a fuifable decrease in the feller's, flock to answer the quantity of such spirits so removed and delivered; and upon making out such proof, such spirits shall be adjudged to have been sent out and delivered with a lawful permit, according to the true intent and meaning of this act: provided also. That no buyer of any such Brittfh spirits shall Buyers prefer avail himself of any such forfeiture as aforesaid, unless such buyer for

shall, within fourteen days next after the delivery of the said spirits to him, her, or them, exhibit a complaint or informa vered without t: on before the commissioners of excise or judices of the peace, permits, to having jurifdi6uon in that behalf, and forthwith prosecute the exhibitcom* same with efsect; and when any such buyer shall, before the de **

of such spirits, have actually paid for the same, and shall y * prosecute the seller for the said penally of double the value, and shall recover the same, then, and in such case, thetaid buyer shall and may hav and maintain his aion upon the case ar Vol. XXXV Gcc common

'^4 Anna vscefimo sexto Georgii IIL €<73, [1 f.

common-law against such seller for the money so paid, or for fa much money had and received by the defendant for the plaintiff's use;; upon obtaining a yerdidt in such action, the plaintiff (hah also recover costs of suit..

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Benomirra That ail; British spirits of the third extraction, or which have of different een twee distilled from low wines, and have had any flavour diftillatio»8r communicated thereto, and all liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such spirits, shall be deemed and r taken to be British brandy within the meaning of this act; and

all British spirits of the third extraction, or which shall have been twice distilled from low wines, and have had no flavour communicated thereto, and all liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be rectified British spirits within the meaning of this act; and all British spirits of the second extraction, or which (half have been once distilled from low wines,, and all liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be raw British spirits within the meaning of this act; and all British spirits which shall have been distilled with juniper berries, carraway seeds anice seeds, or anyothfcr seeds, preparation or ingredient whatsoever u fed in the compounding of spirits, and all liquors whatsoever which shall; be mixed or mingled with any such British spirits, shall be'deemed and taken to be British com,, within the meaning of this act; and all British spirits

of a greater or higher degree of strength than one to two over 4 * hydrometer proof, shall be deemed and taken to be spirits of

Pfoofoffpi wine within the meaning of this act.; and if any queftjon shall rits removed, arise whether any spirits removed by any permit; are bona side described in Bfitijb brandy, redtified spirits, raw spirits, spirits of wine,

the permit, to or compounds, as are described and specified in the permit ac he upon the companying: the same, or granted for the removal thereof, air owners. though such spirits (hold appear to have been kept in the officer's books, or account of the dock from which such spirits w£rei'removed, by the same name or description as is specified in : stich.. the proof of such spirits being really and bom, fid&\of; ithe sort specified in such permit, shall^be upon the owner or claimer thereof by the oaths of two credible witnesses, being (kilful and experienced peffons competent to decide by ex. aminafion thereof.

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority afore -- Persona frau said, That if any distiller maker, rectifier, compounder or retaiier> or distiliers,, rectifiers, compounders, or re ini spirits, Cto tailers of British or foreign spirits, or any dealer in Britishx or forfeit their foreign spirits, shall, after the first day of Februaryy one thou licences, sand seven hundred and.eighty seven, be convicted of the offence of fraudulently making, or of having ki his, her, or their poffefbon, any spirits whatsoever, British, or foreign, without having received a legal permit with the f§mp, and it shall have a - y appearqi

1786; J Anno vicesimo feto gforgli lll C 73.' 735;

appeared in proof, to the fatfsfaction of the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace before whom such conviction shall be made, that the offence was knowingly anti wilfully committed by the party convicted of the same, which fact of such offence being knowingly and. wilfully committed shall b set forth in, the record of fuel) conviction; in every such case the offender or offenders, t (over and besides all other penalties incurred by jaw) shall forfeit and be debarred from ail future benefit; arid advantage of his or their subsisting licence or licences for making rectifying, or vending any spirits or other 'liquors 5 and, if, fpeh offender (half be a maker, distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits, or wholesale dealer in spirits his or her entry 0$ entries, licence or licences' for the making, rectifying, compounding, or vending of spirits, shall be void, and no nevsf pr fresh licence shall be granted to such person for the space of one month...

... And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kegiiiations That no maker, rectifier, or compounder, or makers, recti relative to the fiers, or compounders of spirits, shall receive into his,, her, or ^ f vessels their custody or pofsession, any raw british spirits in any calk or r^fpirhs^^ vessel of a less size or content than that of one hundred gal and times of Ions at, the least;; shall any distiller, rectifier, or com rectified fpi, pounder, or diftiijers, rectifiers, or compounders of spirits, nor nts any dealer or dealers in spirits receive into his, her, or their receiv€ * custody or possession any Britify brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, or spirits of wiffe, at .any other time than between the hours herein mentioned; (that is to say), from the twenty fifth day of March to .the twenty 1

ninth day of September, both inelusive, between the hours of Aye in the morning and seven in the evening, and from the thirtieth day of September, to the twenty-fourth day of March * both days inohifive, between the .hours of seven in the morning and six in the evening; and when and so often as any raw Penalty oirre british spirits' ' be received in any calk or vessel of a less ceiving spirits content or size than such as is before mentioned; or if any such n improper distiller recftfier, compounder, or dealer, or distiliers, recti proper at fiers, compounders;; dealers, shall so receive. any British hours.

: brandy, rectified British spirits, ra: w British spirits, British compounds, or spirits 'of wine, at any other time than is hereinbefore for that purpose limited, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds; andall such British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British {pimtsy British compounds, and spirits of wine, which shall be foreceived contrary to the prohibition herein before in that behalf made and contained, together with the casks and vessels containing th same, and such British. brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, casks, and vessels, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise

XL VII And whereas a manufacture of spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva is efablijbed at Maidstone, in the county of -

Cccz Kent

73$ Anno Vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73. [ 1786.

Kent, by George Bishop of that place, which manufacture is ef jentially different frqm any aether manufacture of spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the, quality of the liquor as to the process by which it is made: and whereas the [aid manufacture requires so large a proportion of waft) to produce a given quantity of feaure^of fp*r*ts* as t0 ren&er u impofftble to continue the said manufacture, if Maidlionc ge rates f duties herein before prefmbed by this act be collected on neva to pay each gallon of waft); be it therefore further enacted by the au-88. for every thority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this

there (hail be paid by the said George Bishop, for every seventy two gallons of wah which he shall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of eighteen Shillings, being at the rate of threepence per gallon. <

XLVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore corn, a credit That for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of to be allowed malt, or other corn, before the same is Separated from the bran of eight gal thereof, soused by the said George Bishop, he shall be allowed a ' o^one in**nt8 cre^'t> the books of the proper officer or officers of excise, of seven under not more than eight gallons of spirits, at the strength of one in seven under hydrometer proof.

XLIX And be it further enatfed by the authority aforesaid. That the said George Bishop shall not sell of send out any spirits whatsoever, of a greater degree of strength than that or one in seven under hydrometer proof; and if the said George bi/hop shall sell or send out any spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this at, such spirits, together with the calks and vessels containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, and carriages inde use of in tyre removal thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer cr officers of excise. 1 —;

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Undue excess That if on calling up the (lock of the said George Bishop, the of stock to be officer Of excise shall find the quantity of fjmtife contained in such (lock, to exceed the quantity for which the said George Bishop is entitled to credit, at the strength of WIN seven under hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to the said George Bishop, then, and in every such case, the exeefs found shall be forfeited and lost, and (haftl and may be Seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid That before the said George Bishop shall make use of any malt cr corn, for the purpose of making any wort or wash, he shall give twelve hours notice in writing to the proper officer of excise, of his intention to use the same, in order that the said officer may attend to weigh such malt or corn; and if the said George Bishop hall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds

III And

gallons of wash made from not more than nalb. of corn.

For every nalb. of

hydrometer

proof.

If spirits be Wronger than one to seven under hydrometer proof, they are forfeited.

forfeited.,

Notice of making wort at the said manufactory to be given, on penalty of aoo !

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III fc. 73. 737

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That for the purpose of enabling the proper officer of excise to A still to be ascertain the strength of the wah oa which the duty as afore provided at said shall have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide nu^aor^to in his distillery House at Maidfione aforesaid, a/mall still with a enable the worm and tub complete, of a iize sufficient to distill at one time officer to af twenty-four gallons of wash, and which quantity of wash such certain the officer is hereby empowered to take and distill for the purpose °*

aforesaid, when and as often as he shall think fit; and if twenty-four gallons of wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than two gallons and three fourth parts of a gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in seven under hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wash from which such twenty-four gallons were taken, shall be charged with a duty of one shilling per gallon.

Lilt. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons actually occupying any house, Occupiers of whether he, (he, or they be the owner or renter, or owners or houses, per renters thereof, or not, shall knowingly permit any private back or still to be setup or used in any part of such house, or without eit in any building thereto belonging, by any person or persons try and LI whomsoever for the making or wort, wash, or other liquor for cence, subject distillation, or of any low wines or spirits, without a due entry t0 th like being previously made thereof at the proper office of excise, or unhcenfed8 without having taken out a legal licence for that purpose, such distillers. occupier shall incur and be subject: to the same pains and penalties as are by law directed to be inflicted op persons actually using any such back or still.

LIV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Retailers of person licensed to sell brandy or other spirits by retail, or selling spirits to for brandy or other spirits by retail, shall be the proprietor or owner ^ a£ave an of any distillery or rectifying house, or have apy part or share in je otany * any distillery or rectifying house, or be in any manner con distillery. cerned in the trade or business of a distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits; and if any such person so licensed, or so selling brandy, rum, or other spirits, by retail, shall be the proprietor or owner of any distillery or rectifying house, or have any part or share in any distillery or rectifying house, or be in any manner concerned in the trade or business of a distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and dose the sum of two hundred pounds.

LV And whereas great frauds have been committed by persons carrying on in the same premises the joint business of a vinegar maker from melaffes. or sugar, and distiller of spirits from wa/b or wort made from melaffes or sugar, or the joint business of a vinegar maker from melaffes or sugar, and a rectifier or compounder of spirits; for the preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That, vinegar make from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven ers not to hundred and eighty seven, it shall not be lawful for any person ^famvore. parrying on the trade or'business of a vinegar maker from me mises a distill

C C C 3 lasses lery.

73§ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 73. [178-6;

Uffes or sugar, or from any other materials, except malt or corn, to carry on, either alone or in partnership, the trade or business of a distiller, or maker or rectifies of spirits, in the buildings or premises in which such person shall carry on the trade of a vinegar maker from any other materials than malt or corn, or within the distance of two miles thereof, and that all entries made for the carrying on the trade or business of a distiller, or maker or reftifier of spirits, contrary hereto, shall be null and void.

LVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Aug. i, That before any person of persons shall be entitled, after the first tries of^vine one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to

gar makers to carry on ie trace a vinegar maker, he, (he, or they shall be void, unmake an entry with the proper officer of excise of the brewhouse, less therein be buildings, yard, or place for the carrying on such trade, and that mateh^als ^ n,, ahd a future entries made by any vinegar maker or frotii which vinegar makers, it shall be declared and specified whether he, the vinegar is (he, or they be a maker or makers of vinegar from malt or corn, jmade. or from melafles or sugar, or from any and what other materials;

and that every entry not conformable thereto shall be void; and that all entries made by vinegar makers on or before the said first 'dayof August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, from and immediately after that day, become void, and be no longer in force.

LVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No mixed That'no person or persons: whaffbever shall fell.onfend out any spirits to be British spirits mixed with foreign spirits from their warehouses, creatervuan ft°rehouses, rooms, (hops, celiars, vaults, : (beds or other titv than four places to him, her, or them belonging, in any greater quart galions, on Uity than four galions, upon pain of forfeiting, : for every suchr penalty of 501.‘ offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

V JL.V1II. And be it further enac1ed by the authority aforesaid

If more than That no foreign brandy, rum, arrack, or other foreign spirits fgre^n°fsi°f or ^rgas waters, exceeding the quantity of sixty galions, shall rusbebroulght he brought within the limits of the chief office of excise in to London at London, by one permit, or by. one conveyance; at one and the once, except same time, from any other part of England, or from Wales, or 1° kcrtei°^ Lerwick upon Tweed, either by land or water, save and except o e or eite r only by the way of gra^efend^ to the port of London, in the legal and ordinary course of commerce, on pain of being seized and forfeited. ... j

LIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.. Oft. r. That, from and after the first day of Ofiober, one thousand brfn^in11'fv even hundred and eighty six, no foreign spirituous liquors rustn^afks ' whatever (except rum of the growth or produce of that British of less than plantations, and arrack) shall be imported or brought into 100 galions, Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek (except rum thereof, in any vessel or calk which shall contain less than one to be^orfeited hundred gallons at the lead (excepting only for the use of the and the LI seamen then belonging to and on board the ship or vessel iq, which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two galions, .' ."* '.. h " " 1 ' for

,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73; 739-

for .each seaman), upon pain of forfeiting such foreign spirituous liquors, and also the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported, of whatever burden the same may be, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel,

LX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of November, one After Nov. r, thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person or persons *786, spirits whatsoever shall import into the kingdom of Great Britain any ftron^r^haa foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters whatfo one to a; northeast ever, of a greater or higher degree of strength than that of one over hydro to nine over hydrometer proof; and if any foreign brandy, metre proof arrack, rum, spirits, or strong. waters, shall be imported of any greater or higher degree of strength than as aforesaid, the tations/tb same shall be forfeited and lost, together with the cases and be forfeited packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; provided always, That nothing herein before contained ih9.ll extend, or be deemed or construed. to extend, to the forfeiture of any rum, or spirits of the growth, produce and manufacture of the Bri II sugar plantations, for being imported into this kingdom, of any greater degree than that of one to nine over hydrometer proof.

LXL And whereas the quantities of wort, wash, or other liquor, produced to the officers of ex rise at several dijlilleries taken for a given time, have occasionally fallen short of the quantities which the Jiills and utensils belonging to such dijiilleries were, according to the ordinary course of Affiliation, capable of working within the same given time, and, there is reason to fujpeft that considerable quantities of wort 1 wash, findfither liquor, have been fraudulently worked at such dijiilleriesi in prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, and to the manifejl injury .of the fair trader; for remedy whereof, be it enacted. That, from and after the first: day of August, one Quantities of thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every entered wah still, belonging to any distiller or djftiliers, or maker or makers be 3 of spirits from malt or corn, for home confumptioa, during the presumed to time the same shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been be charged, charged with wall, in the proportion of three parts in four of during the the content or capacity of such (till, including the head thereof, ing^tc?0* according to the, average rates herein after expressed and fpeci * fied; (that is to say). For such time or times a such wah (till shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth day of November inelusive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of May exelusive, in the next Tucceeding year, every such wail still shall be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the average rate of five times.

in every week; and for such time or times as the same shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth day of May inelusive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of November exelusive, in the same year, every such wafti still shall be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the average rate of four times in every week, ....

Cccf LXII And

No entry to be withdrawn after a (till ill all have begun working, in less ttyan three months

After .three p oaths, entries may be withdrawn on giving notice.

commiffioo erk of excise 'may grant relief where the prefiimed charges pf duty exceed the actual quantity of Wife.

No tills that have difeoh tinned work, ing to recommence without giving notice, on penalty of aool.

Regulations with regard to seizures made

aristo vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 73. [1786.

LXII And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the said firstday of August, every such wash Rill, after the working thereof (hail have commenced and been begun, shall be presumed to be kept regularly in work sat tl>e fparce of three calendar months successively, at the lead, to be computed from Jthe day of the actual working thereof; and no person or persons who shall have begun to work any wah "Hill shall be at liberty to discontinue or withdraw the entry of any such (till after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, until the expiration of the said term of three calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid.

LXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the owner or owners of any wah dill shall be inclined to discontinue working the same, such owner or owners shall be at liberty foto do at any time after the end and expiration of rhe said three calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid, upon giving notice in writing, four days at lead, to the officer of the district or place, of such his, her, or their intention, and expressing in such notice the day on which the working of such dill is intended to be discontinued.

LXIV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time be made appear, by sufficient proof upon oath, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise, thtfuf* ficiency of such proof being left to the judgement of the said commissioners, that the difference or excess in the amount of the preemptive charges of the dill, beyond the quantity of wort, wah, or other liquor, actually produced to the sight of the officer was occasioned or (half have arisen by unavoidable necessity, and that ail the wort, wash, and other liquor worked off at such wash dill, was bona side produced to the sight of the officer; then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise and they are hereby required to grant ito the owner or owners of such wash dill such relief as shall in their judgement be reasonable nd jud.;

L2£V; be it further enacted, That when and so often as the owner or owners of any such dills who shall have discontinued working the same in the manner aforesaid, shall be inclined to recommence the working thereof, such owner or owners shall signify such his, her, or their intention to the officer of excise by notice in writing, four days at the lead next antecedently to the day whereon such working is intended to be renewed, (which day shall be specified in such notice); and if any such owner or owners, or other person or persons, shall recommence such working without such notice being given as is herein before directed, he, (he, or they, shall Forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

LXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all arrack and rum, and all home made and foreign brandy, compounds, and other spirits of what kind soeverj which, between the tenth day of o^iober^ one thousand feveii 1 ‘, hundred

*786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.73. 741

hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, one thou between Oft sand; feveti hundred and eighty six, have been, or may be, *°* I and seized and condemned, and are now remaining in his majesty's warehouses, or may be deposited therein previous to the said fifth day of July, and which were, by the said acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of his said majesty's reign, directed to be staved and destroyed, shall be valued by such persons, and in such manner and form, as the respective commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, respectively, in cases of seizures made by the officers of the customs, and as the refpediive commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, or the major, part of them respectively, in cases of seizures made by the officers of excise, shall; direct; and that after such valuation, the same, or any part thereof, shall, at the discretion of the said respective commissioners, or the major part of them refpeduvely, be either staved and destroyed, except in such cases 'where it shall appear, to the said respective commissioners of the customs and excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them respectively, that such condemned spirits are proper to be disposed of to or for any of the uses or purposes herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, to or for the use of his majesty's navy or army, or of the crews of ships or vessels employed in the service of the revenue of customs or excise, or of his majesty's garrisons abroad, or for exportation to foreign parts, or for consumption on board of any ships or vessels going upon foreign voyages, in which two Jaft mentioned cases, the same shall be shipped under the like security for the due exportation or consumption thereof respectively as aforesaid, as is required in the case of spirits which may be lawfully exported or shipped for consumption on hip board, and shall be subject to re seizure and re condemnation in case of being relanded; and the persons relanding the same shall be subject to the like pains and penalties as they respectively would have been subject to for tt*e same in case such spirits had been made, or originally intended and shipped for exportation or for consumption on (hipboard, a aforesaid: provided always. That whenever it shall be judged expedient hythe said respective commissioners that such spirits shall be sold for any of the purposes before mentioned, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required refpedtiyely to certify the facts and circumstances of the (eizure and condemnation of such spirits, and the quantity thereof, with their opinion to fr for which of the uses or purposes herein before mentioned the same may be properly applied, unto the lord high treasurer, or lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them for the time being, who is and are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to make such orders for the application or disposal thereof to or for any of the said purposes, as they in their judgement shall think fit.

LXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore officers who said. That upon the officer or officers who (hau have seized have made

any such seizure

74* Anno vfcefiflio fexco Georgii IJI. c.73. [ 1786*

to receive the ar>y such arrack, rum, brandy, compounds, or other spirits, Rowing producing a satisfactory certificate or proof of the condemnation ains, viz. and valuation thereof, and of the securing the same as aforesaid, unto the said respective commiffidners, the said respective cpmmissioners are hereby authorised and required to diredi the receiver-general of the customs, or the proper officers of excise, as the case may be, to pay to such officer, within twenty days after producing such certificate, .out of any of the duties in their respective receipt or collection, the several sums For every following > (that is to say),

gallon of aro \ j

Sandy, r&c. For every gallon.of arrack, cordials, or French brandy, of

oftheftrength the. strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and foin of one to ten proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, the sura of two Shillings and sixpence;

For every gallon of other foreign brandy, or of foreign geneva, or rum, in proportion to the strength thereof as aforesaid, the sum of two Shillings and twopence..

for every gallon of other spirits, British or foreign, of what kind soever, in proportion to the strength thereof as afore to its'fl'rength, said, the sum of two filings, as. ad. t \

Which said sums shall be in lieu and satisfaction of all other rewards whatsoever (the charges of fpizure, removal, andcon demnation? only excepted), any law, statute, or usage, to the pohtfary notwithstandfng.

xjtyjif And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising from the said rates and du'ties mtrrauues hereby imposed, shall, from time to time, be raised, levied, Rod to belaid and paid, at such time and times as the aforesaid du

imo the ex tie/jjpon low wines and spirits, made for home copfumption, and. hereby discontinued, have usually been, or ought tp have beep, or are directed to be raised, levied, collected, or paid; and that all the moneys whatsoever arising from the rates and duties hereby imposed, shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer by the commissioners of excise, and shall be appropriated send, applied in manner following; that is to say, Five sixth paris hereof, to and for the several and the same uses and pur pp/es as the said rates and. duties on low wines, and spirits hereby discontinued, were by. the several as for granting, impgfipg, and appropriating the same, directed to be appropriated and applied respectively 5. and. the remaining part thereof ffiall/be car npd^tb and made part of the fund, commonly called The sink /vg Fundy and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes Vs J fie said sinking fund is now applicable.unto.

LIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, XH' all the powers, ‘authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations., penalties,, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and'things/ which in or by any act cr acts of parliament ret Jpting to the duties, upon low wines and spirits for home con fuoption, or to .his majesty's duties of excise upon fpiriruou$

liquors

ver hydro metre proof, 6d.

For every gallon of other foreign brandy, etc. in proportion

For every gallon of other spirits,

x>ntte8 to be levied as former duties.

chequer.

Appropriation of duties.

Provisions of

former as extended to this.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 73. 743

liquors or strong waters, in force at the time of passing of the said act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his said majesty's reign, are contained, provided, settled, of established, forma' naging, a(tefsing, railing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the rates or duties thereby iatposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating thereto, not being expressly altered, repealed, changed or controlled by this act, or not being repugnant to any of the matters, clauses, provisions, or regulations in this act contained, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, throughout England, in and for the managing, assessing, railing, levying, colleding, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, deteding, and puriilhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re enacted in this act.

LXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid >

if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced General f(tue* against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, or any others acting in his or their aid, in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, under the authority, or by colour of this act, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place, unless otherwise directed by the special rule or order of the court wherein such action shall be depending, and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, oraheir action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the same as any defendant or defendants can or may haverin other cases.

LXXI And be it further enacted by the authority afore faidv That if any distiller or maker, or distillers or makers, of Persons ob low wines or spirits, or redifier or compounder, or redifiers or Their

compounders of, or dealer^or dealers in, spirits or strong waters, duty, t0 for. or any workman vokfervapfc belonging to him, her, or them, feit 200i. (hallobftrud or aflauit, rfefifti oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this or any other ad now in force, relating to distiliers, redifiers, dr compounders of spirits, or to dealers in spirits or ftroqg waters, every, such distiller or maker, redifier, compounder,

744

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.73. {i?86,

pounder, or dealer shall, except in such cases for which any other penalty or penalties are hereinbefore directed, forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum'df two hundred pounds LXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Howpenalties That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be covered and recovered levied, and mitigated, by such ways, means,

applied. or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or levied, or mitigated, by any law or Jaws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at iveflmin/ier; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her,, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same. Personsfued LXXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That far penalties no person, who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the penal aa^not^iahle ties ar forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be liable to any to thepenal 6 penalty or forfeiture imposed for the same offence by any sorties of former mer aft; nor shall any person who shall be sued or prosecuted acts. C for any penalty or forfeiture imposed by any former act, be liable to any penalty or forfeiture imposed for the same offence by this present act.

LXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore act to conti That this act shall commence and take efsect, as to'all

fbr^^ear*6 matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof

from Aug. i, no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from *7s6» and immediately after the first day of Augufty one thousand seven

hundred and eighty six, and shall remain 2nd continue in force, as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect Whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the space of two years, to be computed from that day.

LXX V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Act 44 Geo. That the said act made in the said twenty-fourth year of the repealed, reign his present Majesty, other than and except so much and except such such parts thereof as vest in his Majesty, or relate to or concern parts as relate the duties of excise within the lands of Ferintojh, in the county yto lands of of Inverness or regard an exemption from the payment thereof, re^rs of du for e mak*ng of any contrast, agreement, or trial, thereby jits, and pe. authorised in respect to the said duties of exemptions; and also pities. other than and except in respect to the arrears of any of the rates and duties in and by the said last mentioned act charged, granted, or imposed, and which, at the commencement of this act, 'shall remain dqe and unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or forfeitures, incurred in respect thereof, or under pr by virtue of the said act; and also.except so far as the said last mentioned act is not already repealed by any otheraft of the present feffiori of parliament, shall tre, rand the same is, from and after the commencement of this act, repealed.

LXXVI And whereas by an act made in the nineteenth year, of Act 19 Geo. 3. the reign of his. present Majesty (entitled An act for granting to t. sand his Majesty additional duties on the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of

the

74 5

I

1786. J Anno vicesimo sexto Georg n III C 73.

the caftoms and excise in Great Britain), an additional impostor duty after the rate of five pounds per centum, was granted upon the product and amount of all he several subsides, imposts, and other duties y of what kind or nature soever they might be, which were thert due and payable to his Majesty, and were collected in this kingdom, under that management and direction of the respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain, ir and upon any goods and merchandizes imported into or exported fro?n, or carried coajlwife into Great Britain; which said additional impofi or duty was charged upon the amount of the said former subsides, impofis, and other duties, after the usual dijcounts and other allowances had been made and deduced therefrom; and also an additional duty or charge of five pounds, per centum was granted tos his Majesty, upon the produce and amount of all the several inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except at. therein after is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners in England and Scotland: and whereas by another a51, made in the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act act 40 eo 3* for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt, and up C and on low wines and spirits made for home cbnfamption, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, ana upon the produce of the said several duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading in, vending, or selling of, coffee, tea, or chocolate), further rates and duties were granted and imposed, amongst other things, upon spirits imported into Great Britain, from parts beyond the seas, over and above all duties, charges, and impositions by any former act or aftsof parliament there upon fetor imposed: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty sir ft year of his said majesty's reign, (entitled. An a (51 for granting *ctt* to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several C 79 duties under the management of the refpedfcive cotnmission ers of the excise in Great Britain), a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was granted and imposed upon the produce and amount of all the several inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty second year of his said Majesty s reign, (entitled An act for granting to his Majesty ad act 22 Geo. ditional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the C 68, recited; management of the respective commissioners of the cuftbms and excise in Great Britain), a further additionaldutyor charge of five .pounds per centum was granted to his Majeftfupon the produce and amount of all the several inland duties, rates', irripafitions, and charges,

(except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise England and Scotland: and whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional impofis, rates, and duties by the said several acts made in the nineteenth, twentieth, twenty first, and twenty ftecond years of his said majesty's reign, imposed upon rum find upon other spirits imported into Great jbritain from his Majesty 1

sugar

.

746

and the additional duties thereby imposed on rum and spirits from the West Indies, suspended for % years

Anno vicesimo sexto geojtgilliii &7pijtjftlfe

Jugar plantations in the West Indies, be it therefore ena<3exi* That the several additional rates and duties in and by the said acts of the twentieth of his present majesty's rdg^granted and imposed upon rum and spirits imported into Great ^ttdinxbft^ jng the produce, production, and manufacture of the Briiijh sugar islands, or sugar plantations, in the West Indies; and alfp the several and respective additional ipposts, duties, or charges after the rate of five pounds per centum, imposed and granted iif and by the aforesaid three several acts, made in the nineteenth twenty first, and twenty second years of his majesty's reign, upon rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture aforesaid, imported into this kingdom; and all penalties and Forfeitures in respect of the said additional imposts, duties,, oc charges, thereby imposed upon the rum and spirits aforesaid re fpectively, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended for the term of two years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; but that such suspension shall not extend to or affect any of the arrears of the saidf additional imposts, rates, or duties, or any of them, now remaining due and unpaid, or any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or 'forfeitures, incurred in respect thereof.

i FORI of the ENT R Y:

"For; a Corn di/liher...

I A. B, of street, in the parish of. - ^

distiller, do hereby revoke all former entries by me made, and do make entry of the under mentioned utensils for preparing .and distilling wafti from corn and grain; videlicet;

One copper, for preparing and brewing worts.

One mash tun, for mafhing grain.

One under back, for receiving worts from the mash tun Six coolers, for cooling worts.

One bub back, for making and keeping bub.

Ten wash backs, for fermenting and keeping wash" " jack back, for receiving wash from the wash backs to be pumped into the wash still.

One still for distilling wash into low wines.

One still for distilling low wines into spirits.

One low wine calk, for receiving low wines from the wash still.

One spirit cask, for receiving spirits from the low wine still; and one feint cask, for receiving and keeping feints.

All these utensils are situate in my distill house in

street aforesaid, and this entry is for home consumption, (or exportation, as the case may require

'*

17s6.] Anno vicesimo iexto gfiorqii III C 74.

Witness my hand, this day of

One thousand \ *

B.

Witness

CD

E.F. ...,, ... - ... V

For a Metejfei difhher, Reflijier, or Compounder.

I A. B. of street, in the parish of

distiller, do hereby, revoke all entries*by me made, and do make entry of the under mentioned utenfilis for preparing, fermenting, and diddling wash from melafles or fiigar; videlicet;

Fourteen wash backs, for fermenting and keeping wafhu One jack back, for receiving wash from the wash backs to be pumped into the wash still

Four flills for distilling; videlicet;

One of those dills for diddling w$qi into low wines.. Another dill for diddling low wines into spirits.

Also all the four dills for rectifying and compounding spirits.

One low wine cask, for receiving low wines from the wash dill..

One spirit cask, for receiving spirits from the low wines dill; and. one feint cask, for.receiving and keeping >. feints, : gall

these utep fils are situate in my didill house in

street aforesaid, and this entry is for home confumptioh (or exportation, as the case may require.

Witness my hand, this day of * 178

'' > - A. B. ^

Witness

CD

E. F.

CAP. LXXIW

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon fweets/and for ascertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in Tweets; *,

From July 15, 1786, an additional duty of 6s. per barrel to be paid for sweets made from foreign .fruit or sugar, or mixed with any other ingredients called Sweets or Made Wines. Additional duties to be paid as former duties are. Additional duty to be chargeable with the five percents. C grantedby aft 19 Geo. 3. C aj; and aft 21 Geo. 3. C 175 and aft w Geo. 3. C 66. Duties to be paid to the commissioners - excise and by them into the exchequer weekly, and carried to the sinking fund. Act 9 Annse, C 23; and aft 30 Geo. 2. C 19; and aft 3* Geo. %. C 31. recited. From July 5, 1786, licenceg for selling sweets by retail may be granted to persons not haying a spirituous liquor or ale licence, on a stamp df ih 4s. dach. Former provisions relating to stamps on wine licences extended to this act, where *|ot hereby altered. Licences

j>48 Anno vicesimo sexto g©org>i* IH. C 7'5

cences to contain, and dealers to exhibit on tbeif houses, the words Dealer in British Wines. Licence duties to be applied as, former wine licence duties are.

CAP. LXXV

An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the tojfes of till such per font who have fujfered in their properties, in confluence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the ting of Spain....

"ITT HEREAS by the fifth article of the. definitive treaty of peace.

. concluded at Versailles, on the third day of September, one thaufand seven hundred and eighty-three, between your Majesty and his tnofi catholic majesty the King of Spain' ' was agreed that the province of East Florida, which was, at the time of concluding such treaty in your Majeflf s allegiance, Should be; ceded and guarantied in full right to his mofi catholic Majesty : and whereas diverse of your Majesty's faithful subjects have fujfered in their rights and properties in consequence of such cession, and have fufiained great Losses thereby, your faithful commons being desirous that a diligent and impartial en

1 quiry Should be made into the Losses of such persons as may apply in the

manner and within the time herein after mentioned, and into such V cumfiances as may be material to their respective claims, do therefore pray your majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Comtniffion That colonel Nefbit Balfour, and John Spranger inquire, shall ers appointed be, and they are hereby constituted commissioners for enquir idto^offes ing into the respective Losses of all such persons who have suffer

9 ed in their rights and properties, in consequence of the cession

of the said province, and into such circumstances as may be material to their refpedliveclaims.

II And be it further enacted, That the commissioners in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an path before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench, common pleas, ‘or barons of the exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer in the form fallowing; that is to say.

and to take the following oath.

The oath. T A. B. do swear, That according to the befi of my Jkill andknbw X ledge 11 will faithfully impartially and truly execute the several powers and trufis vefied in me by an abl, entitled, An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have fuffered^in their properties, 'in consequence of the cession of the province of Baste Florida to the King of Sprin^ according to the tenor and purport of the said adh

Commifiion III And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be erstoexamine lawful to and for the said commissioners, and they are hereby persons upon authorised, impowejpd, and required to examine, upon oath, ^ (which

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 75. 749

(which oath they are hereby authorised to administer), all persons whom the said commissioners shall think fit to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers veiled in the said commissioners by this act, and all such perforrs are hereby directed and required pundually to attend the said commissioners at such time or place as they shall appoint.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commission said commissioners are hereby authorised to meet and sit, from

time to time, at the office of the late secretary of date, or any of the late other place, with or without adjournment, and to send their secretary of precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person state, to ifiiie or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings or atfendan/e of records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in persons ap ° the execution of the powers vested in the said commissioners by pointed * this act; and the said commissioners are hereby authorised to clerks, C appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet, which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them several ly and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or rewards as the said commissioners shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if it To report to

shall appear to the said commissioners that any person shall have he treasury delivered to them an account or claim beyond the real loss, ^ims vehich with a fraudulent intent to obtain more than a just compedfa shall exclude tion, the said commissioners shall, with all convenient dispatch, the party report such account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, from an?. to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, who are hereby 1tl°n

authorised to make such further inquiry upon the case as they

shall think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of opinion that such account or claim is fraudulent, then such person shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon oath Personsgbmg before the said commissioners respectively as before mentioned,

shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such per gu\\ty of cor son or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, rupt perjury, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII And whereas several proprietors of Eafi: Florida, and the agents of several other proprietors of the said province, respectively entitled to the benefit of this act are resident in the Bahama Islands, and other of his Majejlfs colonies in America: and whereas it may be attended with great inconvenience to such persons to come to Great Britain to fubjlantiate their respective claims, or to give their evidence in support of the claims of other proprietors for whom they have

acted as agents, be it therefore enacted, That the governor. Governors, Vox,. XXXV D d d lieutenant of the

1

75® Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 75., [1786.

Bahama lieutenant governor, or commander in chies, and council, for bhtuh'co^o the tim being, of any such island or colony, shall, and they are nies in Ame hereby directed and required to inquire into the Joffes of all and rica, to exa every such person or persons, and to examine all and every such mine into the agent or agents as may repair to them for that purpose upon dent Arties" oat which oath the said governor, lieutenant governor, or and to Report commander in chies, or any member of the council for the time thereupon to being, is hereby authorised and empowered to administer; and the commit such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chies, and fioners. council, for the time being, are hereby inverted with the same powers and authorities for inquiring into such claims as the commissioners appointed by this astare inverted with, and they are hereby directed to proceed immediately on all and every such claim or claims, examination or examinations, when tendered to them, and to report from time to time, by the first opportunity in their power, their opinion or opinions on all and every such claim or claims, with the evidence on which such opinion or opinions was or were formed, and also to report, from time to time, the evidence of all and every such agent or agents to the commissioners appointed by this act, in order that all and every such claim or claims may be ultimately judged of and decided upon by such commissioners, and be inserted by them amongst the claims to be laid before the lords commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, for the time, being, and his majesty's secretaries of state.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons giv That in case any petfon or persons, upon examination upon dence^before before the said governor, lieutenant governor, or com

the governor, mander in chies, and council, for the time being, as before men See. to be * tioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every deemed guilty such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly con of perjury. vidled, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

No claim to IX And be it further enabled, That no claim or request of brha^affer" ai)y person or persons for aid or relief, on account of the loss of Jan. 1, nor in any property in consequence of such cession, shall he received, the Bahama in Great Britain, after the first day of January, one thousand I (lands, C seven hundred and eighty seven, or in the Bahama islands, or any

after March other of his majesty's colonies in America, after the first day of *' 17 March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Commission X And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners account of an rom time t0 t*me? at their difcre'ion, or as often as they

theirproceed be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the de

inge to the termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue of treasury, and this acts, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commissioners of hi 0 a * majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries pf state for the time being.

Treasury may XI And be it further enacted That .the lords commissioners

order Xjoool. of

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III 76; 77.

of the treasury, or lord high treasurer, for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be paid, all such sums of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the fqid commissioners shall by writing under their hands desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer, which futn so issued and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this at, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall beiffued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners shall appoint.

XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, His Majesty of any pne or more of the said commissioners, it shall and may to nominate be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person ers^tucta or persons as he may think proper, to supply fudh Vacancy or cic happen, vacancies, and that every person so nominated and appointed

shall be held and, considered to be invested with all and the same powers as are delegated to the commissioners appointed by this a 61.

XIII And be it further enacted. That this at shall conti Continuance nue in force for two years from the passing of this at, and no oftllls a' longer,

CAP. LXXVI *

An act for repealing so much of two acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty first years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the. exportation of wool cards of a limited price.

14 Geo. 3. C 71; and ai Geo. 3. C 37. recited. .Such parts thereof, as prohibit the exportation of wool cards of 4s. per pair, and fpinnera* cards of the value of is. 6d. per pair, repealed.

CAP. LXXVI I.

An act to limit a time for the repayment of the duties on male fer vents and carriages by the commissioners of excise;; also on horses, wagons, wains, and carts, by the commissioners of jlamps; and for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise.

H ERE AS by an act, made in the lafi session of parliament. Preamble. (entitled. An act to repeal the duties on male servants, 25 geo.j.c* and for granting new duties on male and female servants.), it 43; and was enacted, That all persons who, previoufiy to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred Gnd eighty five, should have paid duties on male servants.. that act repealed, for any part of the three quarters effiyear for which the first afjejfmnt on inale servants under that.

D d d 2 aft

75*

to be issued for payment of clerks, C

752 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 77, [1786*

aft was thereby directed to be made, or their respective executors or adminijirators, Should, after paying the j'aid first affieffiment, have a right to receive back from the commissioners of excifey or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any money which Should have been, paid into or be in their hands, such a proportion of the repealed duties

on male servants so already paid to the said commissioners of ex rise, or their officers, as should be neccessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties, in respect of such male servants, for the said three quarters on the said first affieffiment, or for any part thereof: and whereas by another act, made in the last Jession oj parliament, inti a 5 geo^3*d tuled. An act for transferring the receipt and management of in parjecl ** certa*n duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise and the commissioners of damps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred), it was enacted, That all persons who, previoujly to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, Should have paid the duties on carriages in that act mentioned in that behalf for any part of the three quarters of a year for which the first afjeffiments under that act were thereby directed to be made, Jhoula, after paying the said first affieffiments, have a right to receive back from the commissioners of excifey or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any moneys which Should have been paid intoy or be in their handsyfucb a proportion of the duties so already paid to the said comm ijfioners of excise as Should be neccessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties for the said three quarters on the said first affieffiments, or for any part thereof: and whereas it is expedient that a limited time Should be pre fcribedy within which, all end every repayment, in respect to the said duties on male fervantsand on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excifey Shall be demanded: be it therefore enacted by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the No demands authority of the same. That every person having a right, ac ment ofd cording to the acts aforesaid, or either of them, to any repay ttet underlie ment n respect of the said duties on male servants, or of the recited acts, said duties on carriages, heretofore under the management of to besatisfied, the commissioners of excise, fliall'make demand of such repay unlefe made to ment before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred

fore July 5, 1787.

Geo, 3. 66; and

and eighty seven, from the commissioners of excise, if such person demanding such repayment had before paid such respective duty at the chief office of excise in London, or from the collector of excise within whose collection such person demanding such repayment had before paid such respective duty; and that no repayment shall be made to any person or persons in respect of such duties on male servants, or of such duties on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, that shall not be demanded as aforesaid before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

II And whereas, by an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Mcjejif sreign9 (iintituled, An act for granting to his Majesty

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 77.' 755'

jesty several rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise), it was enaftei, Thaty from and after the first day of November, one thoufahd seven hundred and eighty three, there Should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, certain duties therein mentioned: and whereas, by another act) made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefeni Majesty, for *4 Geo. $. granting certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, c‘31 * and and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable, it wasenacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, there should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, certain duties therein mentioned; and the said two several duties were placed under the management of the commissioners of stamps: and whereas, by an act made in the last session of parliament, (entitled, An act for transferring the receipt and 25 Geo. 3. management of certain duties therein mentioned from the com ? recited missioners of excise, and the com mi fli oners of stamps, respec in par * tively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred), it was enacted, That all perfotis who, previously to the fifth day of July, or tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, Should have paid the said duties on carriages, and on horses, in that a, ft mentioned, for any part of the three quarters of a year for which the first assessments under that act were thereby dire stead to be made, Should, after paying the said first assessments, have a right to receive back from the commissioners of stamps, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any moneys which Should have been paid into, or be in their hands, such a proportion of the duties so already paid to the said commissioners of stamps as Should be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties for the said three quarters, or half year, on the said first assessments, or for any part thereof: and whereas it is expedient that a limited time Should be prescribed, within which all and every repayment, in respect to the said recited duties under the management of the commissioners of Jiamps, Shall be demanded; be it theretore enacted, That every person having a right to No demand any repayment, in respect of the said recited duties under the for repay management of the commissioners of stamps, shall make de l^^inder" mand of such repayment before the fifth day of July, one thou the'three Jaffc sand seven hundred and eighty seven, from the commissioners recited as, of stamps, if such person demanding such repayment had before to be fatufied, paid such respective duty at the head office of stamps in London, ™aamp or from the distributor of stamps, or their fub distributors, in office before, the several counties, districts, or divisions, within which such July 5, 1787. person demanding such repayment had before paid such respective duties, and that no repayment shall be made thereon that shall not be demanded, as aforesaid, before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven'

And whereas, by another act made in the seventeenth yedr of his present Majesty s reign, f entitled, An act for granting to his *7 Geo. 3. Majestyaduty upon all servants retained or employed in the pa^treclte<i

D d d 3 several p

|54

fled,

Anne vice&ne sexto Georgii III C 77. £ 17^

several edacities therein me/itjtoned and for repealing, several rates and duties upon glass imposed by an act made in. the nine^enuk year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof and for tjye tetter colledirrg the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in. the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all petfous and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities of silver plate); certain drawbacks or allowances, in the said: aft particularly mentioned, were directed to be paid or allowed to the persons or their agents exporting the several and respective species of glass j in the said act particularly mentioned, to foreign parts by way of merchandise, in the manner, and under the regulations in and by' the said act particularly prescribed: and whereas great inconvenience ha or iferi from the regulations prescribed in that act, for the obtaining the drawbacks or allowances, in the said act particularly men tionedy on. the exportation of such glass to foreign parts by way of mer -- chaudizey for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority From Aug. 1, aforesaidr That, from and after the first day of August, one 1786, glaf8 thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall be lawful for ported6onthe ny pei^on or pons who shall have actually paid all his ma conditions jesty's duties, by any act or acts of parliament payable for, or herein fpeci in respect of, any quantity of glass whatsoever made from any of the materials thereby respectively charged, and to and for any other person or persons who shall buy or be lawfully in titled' to any such quantity of glass from the said person or persons who adaally paid his majesty's duties for the same, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such glass, for which all the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions, herein after mentioned, that is to say; the person or persons so intending to export any such glass, shall give twelve hours notice within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such glass, and of the time and place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise, who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland j. and such officer or officers shall attend to see such glass packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such of 4 ficer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such seal or mark, or seals or marks, and in such manner, as the said respective commissioners shall direct; and if any person shall open such package, or wilfully destroy or deface such seal or mark, or seals or marks, (save and except the officer of excise at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned), every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the fuqi of twenty pounds for every such offence and the officer or officers who saw the said glass packed up shall take an account of the kind and quantities of the said glass fe intended to be

"exported.

Persons opening packages after being sealed by the officer, to forfeit aol.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 77. 755

exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall he appointed by such commissioners, or the major part of them, to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing: provided always. That if the person or If packing is persons, To intending to pack up such glass, shall not begin and not begun in proceed to pack up the same at the time mentioned in such no ^ohce Vfrefli tice, or within one hour after such time, then such notice shall notice'muft be void; and such person or persons, so intending to pack up be given, such glass, shall be obliged to give a fresh notice to such officer or officers, of the time and place when and where such glass is intended to be packed up in order to be exported; and the per Notice also to son or persons, so intending to export such glass, shall also give six be given of hours notice of the time and place of shipping such glass, unto ^5 the °* the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, ippins* who shall attend and see the same put on Chipboard; and the and security exporter of the said glass shall also, before the shipping the same, be

give sufficient security, to be approved by the respective com reianded in missioner of excise, or any one or more of them, or the person Britain, C appointed by them, or the major part of them refpedtiveiy, for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular quantity of glass so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unloacted, or laid on land, or put on board any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, hip wreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; which security the officer of excise of the port where the said glass shall be exported is hereby directed to take, in his majesty's name, and to his majesty's use; and the said exporter shall make oath, that he believes the duties upon the materials whereof such glass is made had been fully paid, and that such glass is the same that is described in the account sent as aforesaid by the officer in whole presence the same was paeked, to the officer attending the shipping (which oath the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer'appointed by the said respective commissioners, or the major part of them, for that purpose, is hereby authorised to administer); and the said surveyor or supervisor, or other officer Certificate to aforesaid, and the officer who attended the shipping the said be gin by glass, being satisfied of the truth thereof, shall, within one month ^ichteto after the exportation of the said glass, give to the exporter, or entitle the his, her, or their clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture, exporter to expressing the quantities and kindis of such glass To shipped, and thedrawback. that all the duties have been paid in respect of the same, and that security hath been given before the shipping the same, for the due exporting the same; and such certificate or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where the said glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the persons so exporting the same, or their agent, such drawback or allowance as by the said act, made in the seventeenth year of his present majesty's reign, is given or allowed upon the exportation to foreign parts, by way of merchandise, of the several and respective species of glass ih the said act mentioned j and if such cold

d d 4 lector

Officers may

examine

packages.

If glafobe relanded, to be forfeited.

*1 Geo. 3. C *4> recited in fart.

Stamps denoting payment pf duties to be taken off pa

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 77. [1786.

leflor shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon materials used in the making glass.

IV Provided always. That it shall be lawful for the officer attending the shipping such glass, if he thinks it necessary to open or examine such glass at the port of exportation, in order that he may be satisfied that such glass is the same that is de feribed in the account sent to him by the officer in whose presence the said glass was packed : provided/also, That if after the shipping any such glass, and the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid in respect thereof, the same glass. or any part thereof, shall be unrtiipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (hair be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said glass which shall be so unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise.

V And whereas by an act made in the twenty first year of his present Majejlfs reign, (entitled, An ast for repealing the present duties upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, and scale boards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), it was enacted, That the officer attending to charge the duties upon paper, should Jlamp or mark each and every ream and bundle of paper, by affixing thereon such mark, Jlamp, impression, or device, as the respective commissioners of excise should dir eft or appoint for that purpose: and whereas by the said act, a drawback of the duties, by the said oft granted, is allowed upon the exportation of paper to any parts beyond the seas by way of merchandise: and whereas also by the said act it is provided, that if, after the shipping of any such paper, and the giving or tendering such security ms is by the said act required, in order to obtain the drawback therein mentioned, the same, or any part thereof, should be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such case, over and above " the penalty of the bond, which jhallbe recovered and levied to his Majefys use, all the said paper which shall be so relanded, or the value thereof, should be forfeited: and whereas it might tend to prevent the relanding such paper in Great Britain, if the marks, Jlamps, impressions, or devices, denoting the charging the duties upon such paper, were to be taken off from every bundle or ream of paper intended to be exported before the same should be packed up in order to be exported; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall be lawful for the officer of excise, who shall attend to see such paper packed up in order to be exported, and he is hereby required to take off, or cause to

be

1786.] .Anno vicesimo fextogeorgii III c.77. 757

be taken off, or to see taken off, all and every the marks, (lamps, per on ex impressions, or devices affixed on every ream or bundle of such paper potation, and intended to be packed up in order to be exported, from every ream or bundje of such paper before the same is packed up in order to cers in taking be exported; and if any person or persons shall wilfully hinder them off, to or ohftrud such officer in the taking off, or caufmg to be taken forfeit 50i. off, any such mark, (lamp, or impression, or device, or marks,

(lamps, impressions, or devices, from any ream or bundle of paper so intended to be packed up in order to be expored, he,

(he, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VI And whereas by another act, made in the last session of parlia- *5 Geo. 3. C ment, (entitled, An act for repealing the duty imposed on tea 74, recited in by an act passed in the last session of parliament, and for grant ar * other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the removal of tea; for.directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles); it was enacted, That every chandler or maker of candles, before he, Jhe, or they Should begin to work upon or make any course or making of can dies whatsoever, should give to the officer of the division or place where such candles were intended to be made, notice in writing of the particular time and hour when he cr Jhe Should intend to begin to spread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, for any such course or making of candles; and also the hour and time when he or Jhe Should intend to begin to run in or dip any such cottons, wicks, or russes, in such ?nan ner as is by the foetid a51 directed: and whereas chandlers do sometimes, after having .given such notice as by the said act is required, and after beginning to spread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, leave off and discontinue for long intervals of time to spread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, for the same course or making of candles, and thereby not only harrafs the off cers of excise surveying such chanlders unnecessarily, but also get many opportunities of making candles privately and unknown to such officers, and thereby of defrauding his Majef y of his juf du ties; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven Chandlers hundred and eighty six, when any chandler or maker of can having begun dies, after having given such notice as by the said act is required, wicks^muft shall have begun to spread cottons, wicks, or rushes, for any proceed till all course or making of candles (other than mould candles), such for the course chandler or maker of candles shall proceed and continue, with arefinifhed. out delay or interruption, to spread all the cottons, wicks, and g" n todip, in rushes respectively intended to be used in the fantfe course or five hours making of candles, until he, (he, or they shall have finished the after begin spreading of all such cottons, wicks, and rushes respectively; ningtofpread. and the hour and time for beginning to run in or dip such cottons, wicks, and rushes respectively, whereof such notice shall be given (as by the said act is required), shall not be more than five hours after the beginning to spread such cottons, wicks, and rushes respectively, whereof such notice shall be given as by the said act is required; and every chandler or maker of

candles.

758

cither case.

Anno tfecfimo fextb Georgii III e. 77, [ 1786.

candles, from and after the said first day o Augufi, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall actually begin to run in or dip such cottons, wicks, and rushes within fire hours after he, (he, or they shall have begun to spread such cottons and continue wicks, or ruihes, and shall continue to ruri in or dip such cot 1 ourlvhf the tqns* vy^c^s» and rues respectively, after he, (he, or they shall finhhed* on lave begun to run or dip, without interruption, until such

penalty of 50i. course or making of candles shall be finished;; if any chand' ' failure in ler or maker of candles, after having given such notice as by the said ak is required, and after having begun to spread cottons, wicks, or ruihes, for any course or making of candles (other than mould candles), shall not proceed and continue. without delay or interruption, to spread all the cottons wicks, or ruihes, intended to be used in that course or making of candles, until he, (he, or they shall have finished the spreading of all such cottonsj wicks, or ruihes, he, (he or they shall have intended to be used, or which shall be used in such course or making of candles, or shall not actually begin to run in or dip such cottons, wicks and ruihes relpeciively, within five hours after he, (he, or they shall have begun to spread cottons, wicks, or ruihes, or shall not continue to run in or dip such cottons, wicks or rushes after he, (he, or they shall have begun to run in or dip such cottons wicks, or rushes, without interruption, until such course or making of candles shall be finished, every chandler or maker of candles so offending shall, for every such .offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds

VIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if in any such notice, as is by the said required to be given, the hour or time for beginning to run in or dip any cottons, wicks, or ru(hes, shall be specified to be more than five hours after the time specified in such notice for beginning to spread cottons, wjcks, or ruihes, such notice shall be of no efsect, but be null and void, to all intents and purposes what jnencementof fqever, and the ehandler or maker of candies giving the same void.ng, t0 be subject and liable to all the same fines, penalties, and

forfeitures, as he, (he or they would have been if no notice whatsoever had been given.

VIII And whereas many traders, subject to the survey of the officers of excise and inland duties respectively, are severally required, by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commifa fioners of excise, to keep just and sufficient scales and weights at the place or places wherein they carry on their respective trades, to be used in taking the account of the flocks of such traders, who are by the said laws respectively required to be aiding and affijling such officers in taking such account: and whereas it frequently happens that evil disposed per fans, who are subject to such survey as afarejdid, have frequently hindered and prevented such officers from taking a just and true account of such stock, by concealing heavy or other substances in the commodities belonging to and part of such flock foto be weighed and taken account of by such officers, or by same art, device, or con irtvance have prevented and hindered the said officers front taking fa e such

If notice fpe ciftes more than five hours after beginning to spread, from he com

Preamble.

ij86.] Anno victefimo sexto gmorgir III C 77. 759

fitch account by the mepmafore said, although the scales and weights have been injhemfelvesfitft andsufficient; jfor remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time or Persons tiling times after the first day of Atiguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any trader or traders, subject to the survey of in7akjn|cel any officer or officers of the excise, or inland duties, and who the weight is or are required, by any law or laws relating to the duties of of (locks, C excise, or other duties under the management of the com mi f to forfeit fioners of excise, to keep just scales and weights, shall, before or 100 # after, or in the weighing of his, her, or their (lock, or any part thereof, put or suffer, or cause or procure to be put any other substance into the commodity or stock foto be weighed whereby such officer or officers might be hindered or prevented from taking a just and true account of such stock, as is directed and prescribed by the several acts of parliament in that case made and provided, or shall forcibly obstruct or hinder, or shall, by any art, device, or contrivance, prevent or impede such officer, or procure or suffer him to be prevented or impeded in taking such just and true account of such stock or commodities as aforesaid, the party offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX And whereas by an act made in the nineientb year of his pre Ad 19 Geo. sent Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the more effectual pre 3* C venting the pernicious practises of Smuggling in this kingdom, seq and for indemnifying persons who h$ve been guilty of offences nizancestobe against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms entered into therein mentioned), it was enacted, That in all cases where bv rafters of officers of customs or excise should discover and findy on board any ship ve^d tl0c£ave or veffiel coming and arriving from foreign parts, within the limits of had on board any of the ports of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds a larger quan weight of tea, not being in the Ships belonging to or employed by the d tea, united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or more than one hundred gallons of foreign brandy, or of other p foreign spirituous liquor j, over and above the quantity of two gallons for every seaman then belonging to and on board such ship or veffiel, and being in casks under Jixty galions, the master, or other person haying or taking the charge of such ship or veffiel, jjjould forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds; and that it should and might be lawful, in such casey for any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and for all other persons acting in their aid and offijlance,. and they and each of them was and were thereby authorised to arrest, take, and detain the said maft£ry or other person so having the charge or command of such ship or veffiel, and to carry and convey the person so taken before any one of his Majesty s justices of the peace residing near to the place where such ship or veffiel Jkould then be, or where such person should be arrejied and takers and the person so carried and conveyed should be obliged to enter into a recognisance., as in the said act is directed: and. whereas it has been found by experience that the ftngle recognisance of the person directed by the said act to enter into the same is ineffieftud to answer the good purposes by the said act intended 9 be it therefore enacted by. the authority aforesaid

That,

such matters to enter into a recognisance with one sufficient security, for 300i. to enter appearance to informations, and refusing foto do, to be imprisoned.

Persons having in posies fion British spirits, etc. for which the duties have not been paid, forfeit the same and treble the value.

Value to be estimated at the price of the best articles of the fort.

Proof to be admitted of officers being authorised to at, without producing their particular appointments.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c77. [1786.

That, from'and after the first day of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every person so carried and conveyed before any one of his majesty's justices of the peace, according to the directions in the said in part recited clause, shall be obliged to enter into a recognisance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, before such justice, with one other sufficient surety, to be approved of by such justice, in the sum of three hundred pounds, (which recognisance such justice is hereby required to take), with condition to enter an appearance in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, within the first four days of the term next ensuing such arrest, to any information which shall or may be exhibited against him; ana such justice shall and is hereby required forthwith to transmit every such recognisance to the king's remembrancer in such of the said respective courts; and if such person shall refuse to enter into such recognisance as aforesaid, then such justice shall commit such person to the next county gaol, thereto remain until he shall enter into such recognisance

X And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, Thar if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of Augufi, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six aforesaid, knowingly receive, buy, or have in his, her, or their custody or pofsession, any British spirits, soap, or candles, after the same shall be re moved from the respective places where the same were made or manufa&ured, and where the same ought to have been charged with the duties payable in respect thereof, before the said duty or duties, to which the same shall be liable, have been charged, or before such British spirits, soap, or candles, have been lawfully condemned as forfeited, the person or persons offending therein, whether he, (he, or they have or have not, or do or do not claim or pretend to have, any property or interest therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose all such British spirits soap, and candles so received, bought, or had in his, her, or their custody or pofsession, and treble the value thereof.

XI And be it further enacted and declared. That the value of such British spirits, soap, and candles respectively so forfeited shall, from time to time, be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices, as the best goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities of the like sorts, kinds, and denominations, do or shall bear and sell for in Londwy at the time when such penalty shall be incurred.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if, upon the trial of any indictment, information, achon, suit, or prosecution whatsoever, or in any proceedings relative thereto, any question shall arise, whether any person be an officer of any branch of his majesty's revenues, or commissioned or deputed to aft as such, proof shall and may be made and admitted, that such person was reputed to be or had as such exercised such office, or a<9ed under such commission or deputation, at the respective time and times when the matter of matters in controversy upon such trial or trials, or other proceedings.

1786.] Anno viceficno sexto georgii III C 77. 761

ceedings, shall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular commission, deputation, or other authority whereby such officer was coiiftituted and appointed; and that in every such case such proof shall be deemed and taken, by all judges, justices, or commissioners, before whom any such trial or proceeding shall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unless by other evidence the contrary shall be made to appear $ any law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand actions for seven hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for any 6

person or persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter, name of tjje or file, or cause or procure to be commeneed, prosecuted, en attorney ge tered, or filed, any action, bill, plaint, or information, or ac neral, or of tions, bills, plaints, or informations, in any of his majesty's courts, against any person or persons, for the recovery of any or excife/or fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to be void, made or incurred by virtue of any actor acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to either of his majesty's revenues of customs or excise, unless the same be commeneed, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the name of his majesty's attorney general, or in the name or names of some officer or officers of some or one of his majesty's said revenues; and if any action, bill, plaint, or information, actions, bills, plaints, or informations, is or are commeneed, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in any other person or persons name or names, than is in that behalf before mentioned, the same, and all proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void; and the said court or courts, where such action, bill, plaint, or information, or adiions, bills, plaints, or informations, is, are, or shall be so commeneed, prosecuted, entered, or filed, shall not permit or suffer any proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any prosecution shall be commenced or depending Attorney ge by any officer or officers of either of his majesty's revenues of neral may en. customs or excise, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or sorter a noli pro feiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, incurred by virtue of action^for^ any adfor adis of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be sines, made, relating to either of his majesty's said revenues, it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's attorney general, in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures, was or were incurred without any intention of fraud, to (top all further proceedings, by entering a Noli profequu or otherwise, on every such information, as well with respect to the share of such forfeiture, fine, penalty, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to which any suck officer or officers shall or may claim to be Entitled, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty; any law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V And whereas the laws already made for the securing the du

-

yfa Anno vicesimo'sexto Georgii; HL C 7% cx785*

ties of excise itnpofed oh rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of his Mnjeftf s British fughr plantations, imported into the kingdom of Great Britain directly from the saidfugar plan lotions, or any of them, have been found infufficienc and ineffectual; for remedy whereof ' be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers, on That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand fe uotice, may ven hundred and eighty six, it shall and may be lawful for the housesgauge °fficers f his majesty's revenue of excise, or any of them rums, C and from time to time, and at all times, by day and by night take samples. (and if in the night time, in the presence of a constable dr other officer of the peace), upon previous notice for that purpose having been given to any such importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, or left at his, her, or their d welling house, or with his, her, or their known agent or servant, usually entrusted with the key of the lock affixed to any such warehouse by such importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, by the space of one hour, or more, to enter into all and every such warehouses, and by racting, gauging, or dtherwife, to take an ae, count of the quantity and quality of all rum, spirits, strong waters,

or other liquors, as shall, at the time of such his or their entry, be found therein 5 and also to take a sample or samples of all such rum, spirits, strong waters, or. other liquors, not exceeding half a pint in the whole, out of each cask or other vessel containing the same, paying, if demanded, at and after the rate of three Shillings for each and every gallon of such rum, spirits, or strong waters, and at and after the rate of three Shillings for each and every gallon of such other liquors; Persons ob and in case any such importer or proprietor, importers or ftru&ingthe proprietors, or any agent, servant, or workmen to him, her, feh^ool0 fr" r t^em belonging, shall, after such notice given as aforesaid hinder or refuse the said officer or officers to enter into any such warehouse or warehouses to take such account as aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer any such officer or officers to take any such samples as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid, or shall any wise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such importer or proprietor, 'importers or proprietors, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Warrants That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand fe ^to^officers" ven ^un<^re(^ anc eighty ifix, upon oath made by any credible forcibly to en' person or persons, that he, (he, or they, have reason to fufpedi ter ware or believe that the proprietor or importer, proprietors or im houses, visited porters, of such rum or spirits lodged and put into any ware efors without ^ou^e or warehouses, under the direction and authority of the their know statute in that case made and provided, or any other person or ledge persons whatsoever, do mean and intend, without the privity,

consent, and knowledge of the officer or officers of his majesty's revenue of excise, within whose diftris or division such warehouse or warehouses shall be situated, in the night time to enter or go into such warehouse or warehouses, wherein such

run)

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto gboroii III C 77, 76j

rum or spirits are or shall be so lodged and put, or that such proprietor or importer, proprietors or importers, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall at any time actually be in such warehouse or warehouses without the privity and consent of such officer.or officers as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the commissioners of excise, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or any one or ^ more of the justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, (which oath they the said commissioners, and justices of the peace, respectively, are hereby authorised to administer), from time to time, to issue their respective warrants, author rizing and requiring any ofpcer or officers of excise (with the assistance of a constable, or other peace officer) to enter such warehouse and warehouses, by force or othervyife, and that every such warrant shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly; and if such proprietor or importer, proprietors or Persons ob importers, or other person or persons whatsoever, shall hinder ftru&int? offi or refuse the said officer or officers, or any other person or per to forfeit fons, in his aid or assistance, from entering such warehouse or ao warehouses, or shall hinder or obstruct the said officer or officers in the due execution of the said warrant, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if, from and after the first day of August^ one thousand seif an unfair ven hundred and eighty six, any officer or officers of excise shall or

discover and find in such warehouse or warehouses, any increase found*in the 1 of rum or spirits (other than and except such as shall arise from stock of rum, such rum or spirits as shall have been imported and landed as See. in any aforesaid, and lodged and put into such warehouse or ware warehouse, houses, under the direction and authority of the statutes in that toforfc?tcodr case made and provided) over and above the quantity of rum or spirits which the officer found in such warehouse or warehouses at the time of the last preceding survey upon such warehouse or warehouses, of shall discover and find, in such warehouse or warehouses, any decrease of rum or spirits (other than and except such decrease as shall arise from such rum or spirits delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses, according to the form of the statutes in that case made and provided, pr as shall arise from leakage or other unavoidable accident) under and below the quantity of rum or spirits which the officer found in such warehouse or warehouses at the time of the last preceding survey upon such warehouse or warehouses, such increase or decrease shall be deemed and taken to have been made by means of the .proprietor or importer, proprietors or importers, of such rum or spirits so imported and landed, and lodged and put into such warehouse or warehouses, under the direction and authority of the statute in that case made and provided, having by same means, a, device, or contrivance, opened such warehouse or warehouses, not in the presence of jthe proper warehouse keeper, or other officer of excise, whose business it is to attend with the key to open the farrie j and in

every

Dogle

7^4

Preamble,

Persons assaulting officers, cor attempting tc reicue prohibited goods, to be bound withtwofure* ties to appear to informations!

and refusing to become bound, to be imprisoned.

Penalties and forfeitures

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii TILL € 77. [1786.

every such case such importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, five hundred pounds.

XVIII And whereat persons who have been guilty of ajfaulting or objlrucling officers of the cufoms or excise in the due execution of their offices, or of refeuing, or attempting to refeue, goods seized by such officers, or of offences against the laws reffecting quarantine, being prosecuted for the same by indictment or information in his majesty's court of king's bench, do frequently escape punishment by reajon that such persons have not been usually put under any recognisance to answer such indictment or information, unless in cases where same specific pecuniary penalty is imposed, or where the offence having been committed in the county of Middlesex, an indictment for the same has been originally found in the said court of king's bench; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That whenever any person or persons hall be charged with assaulting or obstructing any officer or officers of the customs or 1 excise, in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or any person or persons acting in his or their aid or assistance, or with refeuing, or attempting to refeue by force any uncuf tomed or prohibited goods, after seizure thereof by such officer or officers, or with any offence against any law respecting quarantine, and the same shall be made appear to any judge of his majesty's court of king's bench, by affidavit or by certificate of an indictment or information being filed against such person or persons in the said court for such offence, it shall and may be lawful for such judge to issue his warrant in writing under his hand and seal, and thereby to cause such person or persons to be apprehended and brought before him, or some other judge of the said court, or before some one of his majesty's justices of the peace, in order to his, her, or their being bound to the king's majesty with two sufficient sureties in such sum as in the said warrant shall be expressed, with condition to appear in the said court at the time mentioned in such warrant, and to answer to all and Angular indictments or informations for any the offences aforesaid;; in case such person or persons (haft neglect or refuse to become bound as dforesaid, it shall be lawful for such judge, or justice of the peace respectively, to commit such person or persons to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or where he, (he, or they shall have been apprehended, until he, (he, or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by order of the said court of king's bench in term time, or by one of the judges of the said court in vacation; and the recognisance or recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and filed in the said court, and shall continue in force until such person or persons shall have been acquitted of such offence, or in case of conviction, shall have received judgement for the same, unjefs sooner ordered by the said court tq be discharged* >

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act,

flialjj

*.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 78. 765

shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, howto be re means or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, may be cov?.r^, d and sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of app excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any, of his majesty's courts of record at jvejlminster, or in the court, of exchequer in Scotland respectively;; that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation of any person or persons for anything by him or them done in actions, pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commeneed, within one month next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and General issue. give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon 5 and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or Treble costs, them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXVIII

An act for better securing the duties on paper printed, painted, or flawed in Great Britain.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the laws already made for fe Preamble.

curing the duties on paper, printed, painted, or Jlained, in Great Britain, to serve for hangings and other uses, many frauds are frequently practised, tojhe great loss of the revenue, and to the injury of the fair trader, by evil minded and indigent persons, who are encouraged in their evil practises by the length of time allowed by law for the payment of thoje duties, and for the want offome further regulations: and whereas, by an act of parliament passed in the tenth year of the reign of queen Anns, entitled. An act for laying feto Annse, C veral duties upon all soap and paper made in Great Britain, or 19, recited in imported into the same and upon chequered and striped linens Part imported 5 and upon certain silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs printed, painted, * or stained;; upon several kinds of damped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements, for raising the sum of eighteen hundred thousand, pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her majesty's duties to arise in the office for the ftarrrp duties by licences for marriage, and otherwise; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lost exchequer bills or Vol. XXXV E ee lottery

Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii III C 78. [1786.

lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, part of the capital of the South Sea company, for the use of the public; it wasx among other things, enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the duties upon paper, all and every perfm and per Jons who Should print, paint, or Jlajn any paper in Great Britain Should, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the said duties upon paper, of all the paper by him, her, or them several ly made fit for use within such six weeks reflectively, and that all and every person and p erf oris who Should. print, paint, or Jlain any paper in Great Britain, Should from time to time, within six weeks after he, Jhe, or they Should make, or ought to have made such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off'all the said duties for all such paper as Should by them respectively be printed, painted, or stained, so as to be fit for use or sale: and whereas the allowing Jo long a time for the making the entries, and for the paying * the duties as afore sold, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue;

for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament and from assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Sept. 1, 1786, after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fa much as eighty six, so much of the said act as requires any printer, paoerfta^ners pa^nter' or ft^ner of paper, to make such entries, once in every C making * six weeks, of all paper by him, her, or them printed, painted, entries once or stained, within such six weeks, or to pay and clear off all du in six weeks ties for the same within six weeks after hebe, dr. they (hold ftained^tc mae or ought to have made, such entries as aforesaid, shall toberepealed. repealed, save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears, which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. From Sept, i, That, from and after the said first day of September, one jfiou-1786, entries sand seven hundred and eighty six, all and every person and every sort persons, who shall print, paint, or (lain any paper in Great night t>f all Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses, shall, once in eyery paper stained, fortnight, make a true entry in writing at the next office for etc. on penal the said duties, of all the paper by him, her, or them printed, tyofjoh painted, or stained, within such fortnight respectively, which entries shall contain the just kinds and quantities thereof, respectively, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of such entry, the sum of fifty pounds; which entries shall be made upon oath (or, in case of a Quaker, upon solemn affirmation) of the printer, painter, or ftainer of such paper, or of Ins, her, or their chief workman or servant employed in the printing, paint L ing, or ftaioing such paper, according to the hest of his, her, or their knowledge or belief; which oaths or affirmations shall and may be administered by the proper collector, supervisor, or surveyor of the said duties of the district or division within which

such

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 78. 767*

such printer painter, or ftainer of paper doth inhabit, without any fee or charge for the same.

III And be it further enacted, That all and every person Duties to be

and persons, who shall print, paint, or stain any paper in aid Fa Great Britain, shall, from time to time, within a fortnight af tembch alter he, (he, or they shall have made, or ought to have made, tries made, on such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for all penalty of for such paper as shall by them respectively be printed, painted, or hing double stained, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default therein, 116 duties double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be

so neglected; and that no such person, after such default in If goods are

payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out, any such delivered be

printed, painted, or stained paper, until he or she hath paid

and cleared off his or her duty as aforesaid, u^on pain to for double their feit double the value of the goods so sold, delivered, or car value to be ried out. forfeited.

IV And whereas diverse printers, painters, or ftainers of paper, have large quantities of paper now in their pojfeffton, which has been taken account oft but is not charged with the duties; and as it may be very inconvenient for such printer s, painters, or ftainers of paper, to pay all such duties within a fortnight after this act takes place; be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every printer. The duties on painter, or ftainer of paper, for hangings or other uses, who, ftockat Sept, on the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and in 6^

eighty six, shall have any paper in his possession which has been months, or in taken account of, and which is not already charged with the a fortnight duties, shall produce the same to the officer appointed to take afteranyparts an account of and charge the duties thereon, and the same shall be measured, marked, and charged with the duties 5 and the n said printer, painter, or ftainer, shall pay the duties for the same within six months after the said charge shall be so made; or if the said paper, or any part thereof, shall be finished in less time, then such printer, painter, or ftainer, shall pay the duties for the said paper, or any part thereof, within one fortnight after the same shall be so finished respectively.

V And whereas by a certain other act of parliament, passed in A ft 1 Geo. 1. 'the first year of the reign of King George the First, entitled, An act ? 3^» recited

for charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, in part and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for compelling several receivers to finish and clear their accounts; and for making duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims to certain benefit tickets; and for allowing the charge of executing the lottery aft, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for recovering moneys of several land 'taxes, resting In the hands of collectors orconstables at Saint Albans 5 and for preventing frauds in the duties upon fope; and for limiting a time for persons who have certain annuities for life or lives, to demand the payments thereupon at the exchequer; and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to

E e e 2 printed

y68; Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 7s. [1786.

printed and painted paper, calicoes, and other things therein mentioned; it was, among other things, enacted, That before any saper Should be printed, painted, or Jiainei, officers for the duties

thereon Should be permitted to take accounts of the quantities and di menftons of all paper for printing, painting, or flaming, which, at any time or times, Should be in the custody or pojfejjion of any such printer, painter, or Jlainer, and upon taking such account thereof, Should mark or stamp every Sheet and piece thereof with a Jlamp or seal, provided as by the said act is directed: and whereas the flamping every Sheet of paper, in cases where many Sheet s of paper are afterwards joined together in one piece, in order to be printed, painted, orstained, is found inefficient to secure the duties on such paper, and it is neccessary that some further additional mark or (lamp Should be put on every such piece of paper, or Sheet of paper, where a single Jloeet Shall be printed, painted, or stained; be it further enacted by the authority afore from Sept, i, said, That, from and after the said first day of September, one if paper thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every printer, painter, beftained cor ^3iner f paper, in Great Britain, to serve for hangmgs and before mea other uses, before he, (he, or they shall print, paint, or (lain, sured and any piece of paper, or any (beet of paper, where a single sheet marked, to be Of paper shall be printed, painted, or stained, shall produce and

tolptnaity lew p*ece paper or eet f paper t0 proper incurred for officer for the said duties, and such officer shall take an account every piece thereof; and in case such officer finds that every sheet thereof is marked or stamped as by the aforesaid al is required, he shall measure the same, and mark such piece of paper, or such sheet of paper, where a single sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both ends thereof, with a frame mark, denoting the measure thereof, and with such other number or mark as the commissioners for the said duties shall direct; and in case any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, shall begin to print, paint, or (lain any piece of paper, or any sheet of paper, where a single sheet of paper shall he printed, painted, or stained, before the same shall have been measured and marked at both ends thereof by the officer for the said duties, as by this act is directed, every such piece or sheet of paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties, and the printer, painter, or ftainer, in whose pofftffion the same shall be found, shall also forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such piece of paper or heet of paper so printed, painted, or stained, without having been measured and marked as aforesaid.

VI And, to the end that paper printed, painted, or stained, and already charged with the duties thereon, may not be improperly seized. Paper for be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That at any bee hav" l*me ^e^ore ay January > one thousand seven hundred

been chargecf anc eighty seven, any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or before Sept. 1, any dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper, may give two 1786, may be days notice to the proper officer for the said duties, that he de stamped before fires to have such printed, painted, or stained paper, which has jan. j, 17 7; keen already charged with the said duties before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to he ... V marked

1785.] Anno vicesimo jexto Georgii III C 78. 7^

marked .and stamped according to the directions of this a; and such officer, having received such notice as aforesaid, shall attend, and in case he mall find that every sheet of such paper is marked or stamped as by the said former acts is required * he

shall (lamp or seal every piece of such paper so already charged

with the said duties, and every (beet, where a single sheet is

printed, painted, or stained, at both ends thereof, with such

ltamp or seal as is by this act directed to be used, to denote that

the duties have been charged thereupon, or with such other

stamp or seal as the commissioners for the said duties shall direct

to be used;; from and after the said first: day of January, one and after Jan.

thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, every piece of paper

printed, painted, or stained, and every sheet of such paper, et found in

where a Angle (beet shall be printed, painted, or stained, that the possession

shall be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or ftainer of a dealer to

of any paper, or of any dealer therein, shall be deemed to have deemed to

been printed, painted, or stained after the said first day of Sep ftalnedafter

tember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and in case Sept. 1, 1786,

the same shall not be stamped and sealed at both ends thereof, and seizable if

as by rhis acl is directed, the same shall be forfeited, and may nqt itampt.

be seized by any officer of the exeife'or for the said duties.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand After Jan. r, seven Hundred and eighty seven, nb person shall be entitled to drawback to any drawback of the duties upon paper printed, painted, or be allowed on stained in Great Britain, upon the exportation of any such paper paper stained printed, painted, or stained, before the said first day of September, before Sept. 1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, that shall not have J ftmtjt such stamp or seal at both ends thereof, as is herein before u y P ‘ lastly directed, anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And whereas printers, painters, or Jlainers of paper may frequently have occafm to cut pieces of paper, printed, painted or fained, into remnants or parts for samples, or for other purposes, be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any printer. Pieces cut for painter, or ftainer of paper shall be desirous of cutting any piece b^ma^k^by* or pieces of paper, printed, painted, or stained, into remnants the officer on or parts, such printer, painter, or ftainer, shall give six hours every sample notice to the proper officer for the said duties, and such officer shall attend and see the frame marks and (lamps put, as hereinbefore directed, at both ends of every such piece of paper, cut off every such piece or pieces of paper; and after having seen such piece or pieces of paper cut into remnants or parts, shall stamp or mark every such remnant or part, at each end thereof, with such (lamps or marks as the commissioners for the said duties shall from time to time direct, which (lamps or marks the commissioners for the said duties are hereby authorised to provide for that purpose.

IX And whereas diverse printers, painters, or Jlainers of paper do frequently obtain long delays of charging the duties upon paper by t them printed, painted, or fained, upon pretence that they intend to add

, E e e 3 form

ifo *

Duties to be charged, etc, as soon as paper is stained.

and 50i. penalty to be incurred for every piece of paper removed before stamped, with forfeiture of the paper.

Officers to charge the duties for paper missing

Paper not charged with the duties to be kept separate, on penalty of 50i.

Persons fraudulently concealing paper to forfeit lool.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 78. [1786.

some other colour or some other figure to the same, and that the same is not finijbed> which delays are detrimental to the revenue; for remedy thereof be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, as soon as any paper shall be printed, painted, or stained with any colour, or with any figure, the officer for the said duties shall take an account of the same, and shall charge the duties for the same, and shall (lamp or seal every piece of such paper, or every sheet, where any (ingle sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both ends of every such piece or sheet, with a (lamp or seal, to denote that the duties have been charged thereon; and if any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper shall remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any piece or (beet of printed, painted, or stained paper, before the same shall have been taken account of, and damped or sealed at both ends thereof by the officer, to denote the charging the said duties, every such printer, painter, or ftainer of paper shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds, and all such printed, painted, or stained paper, so removed without being damped or sealed by the officer, to denote the charging the said duties, and being found in the possession of any dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties.

X And, for the better prevention of frauds, be at further enabled, That in case any officer or officers for the said duties on paper printed, painted, or stained, shall miss any quantity or quantities of such paper whereof he had taken an account, and marked the same with a frame mark, and shall not, upon reasonable demand, receive satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for such officer to charge such printer, painter, or ftainer of paper with the duties of such paper so missing, as if the same were a&ualfy printed, painted, or stained.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every printer, painter, or ftainer of any such paper as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep all the paper by him, her, or them respectively printed, painted, or stained, and which shall not have been damped and charged by the proper officer for the said duties, separate and apart from all other printed, painted, or stained paper which shall have been stamped and charged by such officer, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the sum of fifty pounds.

XIT. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any printed, painted, or stained paper, or any paper marked for printing, painting, or daining, with intent to defraud his majesty of his just duties thereon, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred, pounds for every such offence

XIII And

1786.] Anno vicesimo ftxto georgii III C 78*. 771

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid'

the comraiflioners for the said duties shall, on or before commission the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and .prope^raarks^ eighty six, provide proper frames, and such other numbers or]»tc#. *

marks as they shall think fit, to denote the measure of all pieces * or (heets of paper, printed, painted, or (lained, and proper (lamps or seals to denote the charging the duties thereon; and shall cause the said respective frames, numbers, and marks, and the said (lamps and seals to be distributed to the respective officers for the several purposes beforehnentioned; which officers r using are hereby enjoined and required in using the same to do no them to do hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the paper theleaft pofli to be so marked ot stamped; and the said frames, numbers, ^ damage and marks, and the said (lamps or seals, to be provided in pur t0 the paper fuance of this act, and also the said marks or (lamps provided in pursuance of the said former al, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the said commfffioners shall from time to time think fit; and if any person whatsoever shall at any time Penalty on counterfeit or forge any frame, number, or mark, used by the mafks^&c. officers for the said duties in marking such paper, or shall * counterfeit or forge the impression of the same, upon any paper to be printed, painted, or (lained, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person whatsoever fnall at any time counterfeit or forge any (lamp or seal, to resemble any (lamp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this at, to denote the charging the duties on paper printed, painted, or (lained, in Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, upon any paper printed, painted, or (lained, thereby to defraud his majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duties on such paper printed, painted, or (lained, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and in case any person shall at any time sell any such printed, painted, or (lained paper, with a counterfeit (lamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i

That if, at any time after the said first day of September' one perf?n9 °hk

thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any printer, painter, or ^arks^to for

(lainer of paper, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or'feit 50i.

wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated or defaced, the frame

mark, number, or mark put by the officer on any piece or sheet

of paper, to denote the measure thereof, every such printer,

painter, or (lainer of paper shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds

for every piece of paper, or sheet of paper, on which the frame

mark, number, or mark put by the officer, shall be so wilfully

cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

E e e 4 That

77* Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 78. [1786.

Persons affix That if at afiy time after the said first day of September, one to t^lou^an^ even hundred and eighty six, any printer, painter, or forfeit ftainer of paper shall, by any means or contrivance, with intent

and the paper, to defraud his Majesty of his just duties, affix upon any piece of paper, or sheet of paper, printed, painted, or (lained, any frame mark, or any (lamp or seal which shall have been before affixed on any other piece of paper, or sheet of paper, printed, painted, or stained, then, and in every such case, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the fi^m of fifty" pounds, and also every piece or (beet of such paper, whereupon such frame mark, (lamp, or seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed..

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid *

no printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, shall keep any

ing paper m.. \, \. n r 1

anyplace, of paper printed, painted, or (tamed, or to be printed, painted, or which

notice stained, marked with a frame mark denoting the measure th£r£ ' has not been of, or with a (lamp or seal derioting' the charging the duties officer o sot, efeon' or unmarked with either such frame mark, or such feujol and ^arnp» in any warehouse, room, or place, whereof no notice the paper. shall have been given to the officer for the said duties on paper printed, painted, or stained; and if any such paper printed, painted, or stained, or to be printed, painted, or stained, whether marked with a frame mark or unmarked, or stamped or undamped, shall be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, in any warehouse, room or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer for the said duties, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, for every such offence, and all such paper fd found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Warrantsmay That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible per ferd?"for^ a on or per*ons> ^iej or they have reason to suspect pr ptrfufpcded believe, that any paper printed, painted, or stained in Great not to be duly Britain, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven stamped, hundred and eighty six, for which a duty ought to have been which may be or charge or which ought to have been stamped, as by C1ZC J this act is directed, is or shall be in the custody or possession of

any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or other person trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons, for the use or account of such printer, painter, or ftainer, or other trader or dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper for sale, without having thereupon such (lamps or seals as are by this act: required to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the said duties in England or Scotland respectively, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or for any one justice of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time, to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authorising and requiring any officer or officers for the said duties, with the assistance of a constable or other officer of the peace, in the daytime, to search for the same and to open doors, chelts, trunks, and packages, and to

seize

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 78- 7*73

seize such paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and not having such (lamps or seals thereon as are by this adfc required, and to bring' the same to the excise office next to the place where the same shall be seized, and that every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such paper, printed,, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so found unstamped,

in the poljeflion of such printer, painter, or ftainer, or other trader or dealer, for sale, or in the possession of any other person Tor jthe use of such printer, painter, or ftainer, trader of dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited : provided always, that no remnant of bllt no rem % any piece of such printed, painted, or stained paper, being of less lengtit length than shall be expressed by the frame mark, thereon, being than the Toyrtd in the possession of such printer, painter, or ftainer of frame mark paper, or trader or dealertherern, having such (lamp or seal, as to be forfeit by this al is required, at one end thereof, shall be forfeited, by reason of not having such (lamps or seals at both ends thereof; at both ends and if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the pei fons gb aforesaid officers from entering any such place or places for the (trusting offi purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any paper, by cers, C for this al declared to be forfeited, every person or persons so oft ^eit ob sending shall forfeit and pay the Turn of fifty pounds.

XVIII And, for the better preventing of frauds, by the lengthening or adding to any piece, or remnant of a piece, of such printed, painted, or jlained paper, after such piece of paper flail have been Jlamped or sealed at both ends thereof as by this act is required; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if, at any time havin' The after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred frame mark and eightyfix, any piece, or remnant of a piece of paper, print or being ed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one marked at thousand seven hundred and eighty six, not having such frame °, Iie d only, mark and (lamp thereon as is by this act required, or having fejte$ ancp such frame mark and (lamp at one end thereof only, and being also jol.

of as great or greater length than shall be expressed by such frame mark, or having such frame mark and (lamp at both ends thereof, and being of greater length than (lull be expressed by such frame mark by the length of half a yard, or more, shall'be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, every such piece of paper or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties, and the printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall also forfeit and lose the lum of fifty pounds.

XIX And, in order more effectually to prevent any frauds by shipping for exportation to foreign parts, any such printed, painted, or. jlained paper, and obtaining a drawback of the duties payable for the same, and afterwards relanding and jelling ‘the same for home con fuwption, be it further Cnadled by the authority aforesaid. That,

from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven gepr; g hundred and eighty six, whenever any person shall be desirous is exported,

of

oath to be made of the.

Nd paper stained after Sept, i, 1786, to be permit ted'to be packed for exportation, unless legally marked, C

Officer to measure paper exported, and cut off the marks, chow

fines are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of actions.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 7 8. [ 17 86.

of packing up, in order to be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandise, any paper printed, painted, or stained, before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, in Great Britain, to serve for hangings and other uses, and not having 'such stamps or seals denoting the charging the said duties, and such frame marks denoting the measure thereof, at both ends of every piece of such paper, or of every sheet of such paper, where any single sheet is printed, painted, or stained, as are by this act required, such person, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath (or, being a Quaker, affirmation) before the surveyor or.supervisor, or other officer, of excise, appointed by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for that purpose (who is hereby authorised add required to administer the same), that all and every such piece and pieces, or sheet or (beets of paper were printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred an, d eighty six; and such officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, any piece of paper, or any sheet of paper, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, not having the stamps or seals directed by this act denoting the charging the said duties, and also the frame marks denoting the measure thereof, distinct and plain at both ends of every such piece of paper, or sheet of paper, where a (ingle sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained;; the officer or officers who shall attend to see such paper, so printed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, packed up, shall take care to measure the said paper, and to see that the stamps or seals directed by this act denoting the' charging of the duties thereupon, and also the frame marks denoting the measure thereof, are cut off from both ends of every piece of such paper, or every sheet of such paper, wherea single heet shall be printed, painted, or stained, before the same are packed up.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at lveftminster> or in the court of exchequer in Scotlandrespectively; and that one moiety ot every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fije for the same.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant

or

1786-] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 79. yj$

or defendants, in such action or salt, may plead the general General iflac* Tflue, and .give this a:, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaint tiffs shall become nohsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, Treble costs. or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIX

An act to explain, amende and render more effectual, an act, made in the hfi fiffion of parliament, entitled, An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the commissioners of damps, respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in reiped to the fa id duties so transferred \ and for making certain provisions respecting oaths to be adminifltred by the commissioners for the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under their management.

WHEREAS art aft was made in the twenty fourth year of his Preamble.

present' majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to Act *4 Geo* his Majesty certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of 3* C 31; and riding, and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in re fpeeft whereof any duty of excise is made payable; and also another act was passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present ma jefifs reign, entitled, An act for transferring the receipt and ad 2-5 Geo. management of certain duties, therein mentioned from the reeded* commissioners of excise;; the commissioners of damps, respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further'provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred; it is by the said first recited act enacted, That every per sin who shall keep or use any horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of riding, /hallyield and pay annually for every such horfep mare, or gelding, the sum often fillings: and whereas it is reafinable that per sins in circumfiances herein after defer ibed hall not be charged with the said duty by the said first recited act imposed: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritgal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day df April, fromaprilj, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person or per ^86, ^0 borfe fons who shall keep any horse, mare, or gelding, which shall be bandry^orfor Used truly, and without fraud, for the purpose cf husbandry, or carriage of of drawing any carriage (except such as was heretofore liable to burdens in any excise duty), of carrying burdens in the course of the trade ^ tradeoff or. occupation of the person or persons to whom such horse, the proprie mare, or gelding shall belong, shall, in respect thereof, be tor, to be chargeable with she duty bv the said herein before first recited chargeable

, with the duty

rode in cases herein specified.

776 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 79. [1786.

imposed by act imposed, or be construed to be within the intent and mean ing °^ lhe said first recited act, in case such horse, mare, or * ln ^ gelding, shall not be used for any other purpose of riding, save and except in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say. When returning from any place to which any load or burden shall haye, by such horse, mare, or gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any place from whence any load or burden shall be to be brought back by any such horse, mare, or gelding, or on account of such horse, mare, or gelding having been used for the purpose of riding to procure medical assistance, or for the purpose of riding to or from market, or to or from any place of public worship, or to or from any election of

'members to serve in parliament, or to or from any court of justice, or to or from any meeting of the commissioners of taxes; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithftar.ding,

II And be it further enacted, That no duty shall be imposed, horses ke t assessed, or levied, by virtue of the said first recited act, for or in

by persons ex respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, whereof the owner or

erapted from owners, by reason of his, her, or their poverty, is, are, or shall be exempted from the actual payment of the usual raxes, assessments, and contributions, railed, levied, and paid towards the church and poor.

ILL And whereas, by the said recited act of the twenty'fifth year of his present Majesty s reign, it is enacted, That the affejfments made under the authority of that act should be made for all horses whatsoever which Shall, on any occasion whatsoever, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage (then subject to any excise duty J; from Fax foro anc lt ™ prov'tded, that upon any appeal, where proof should be made horfesrode to upon oath fitch horse, for which any person, occupying a farm not market or worth more than one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, should church only, have been so assessed, had been only used for the purpose of riding to or repealed. from market;

or church, or other place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it might be lawful for the commissioners to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong; be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited clause and proviso shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Persons occu* IV And be it further enacted, That no person occupying a pying farms farm, the rent or value of which shall be less than seventy vv^erann poun^s a year anc making a livelihood solely thereby, shall be not'chargeab'le chargeable with the duty by the said before recited act imposed with duty for for or on account of any horse, mare, or gelding, being occa horses used in fionally used in riding; provided such horse, mare, or gelding, and^onfd ^onakcpr anc u^ua^y employed for the purposes of huf ^cafionally.e bandry; anything in the said recited act to the contrary not wirhftanding.

, V And whereas several persons may have, unintentionally, omitted

to take, in due form and manner, the several oaths required by the. several acts of parliament relative to the duties on houses, and win dows or lightsy or any other duties, put under the management of the

1 commissioners

No tax to be levied for

the poor's rate 8.

Clause of last recited act, exempting occupiers of farms of not more than

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 80. 777

comm'ijftoners for the aid duties onbouses, and windows or lights: and whereas in same of the aid acts there is no express provision made for the administering the oaths thereby required: be it therefore further enacted. That all and every person and persons, law Person? legal fully qualified to adfc as commissioneror commissioners for the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, who have already ™ commif3 adied, or, on or before the first day of October, one thousand fionersforthe seven hundred and eighty six, shall at in the execution of any duties on actor acts of parliament relative to the said duties on houses, r

and windows or lights, or any other duties now placed under jndem * the management of the commissioners for the said duties on nified from houses, and windows or lights, although such person or persons penalties for may not have taken the several oaths so required to be taken^aken^he2 by such person or persons, shall be, and he and they is and are; *atha rcqu{r. hereby indemnified from any penalty or penalties incurred by ed. reason of such omissions; and all meetings and acts of the said commissioners which have been, or shall have been on or before the said first day of Gftober^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, had or done pursuant in all other refpedb to the said acts respectively, shall be, and are hereby declared to be. valid and effectual to all intents and purposes.

VI And be it further enacted, That all and every the oath twocommif or oaths, required by the said acts relative to the duties on

houses, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under oaths, the management of the said commissioners.for the duties on houses and windows or lights, or any of them, or which may be requisite or necessary; for carrying the said adis, or any of. them, into execution, shall, and may be administered by any two or more of the commissioners within each county, city, or place respectively, and they are hereby authorised to administer the same.

VII And it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall Two commis. and may be lawful for any two or more of the commissioners

for the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any other oathsto other duties put under their management, to administer to any other commission commissioner for the said duties, for the same county, city, or ers, though place, the oaths required to be taken by such commissioners, *h^^}akeii although the said commissioners administering the same have thein. not themselves previously taken the said oaths. selves.

CAP. LXXX

An act for further continuing certain acts therein mentioned, relating to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

WHEREAS an act was made in the nineteenth year of the reign

of his late Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further, pu t9 Geo. * nilhment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of and4fo^ocli * the laws of customs or excise; and for indemnifying offenders thereof as re against those laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for latcs to per

relief

G( le

778 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 80. [1786.

fons going relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures), a\itfed tn^de w^lc^ was i0' cq>niinue 'm forcb for seven years, and from thence to l^nce of the " seen f next fgjfion f par^ment 5 and which, byseveral

laws of cuf 08f of the twenty sixth and thirty second years of the reign of his said toms and ex late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and' eighteenth years of the th^reuef of rein f present Majesty, as to so much thereof as relates to per officersln^n sins n armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs and formations to excise, and to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon be continued seizures, was continued until the twenty ninth day of September, tiN29, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient

further to continue the same; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the fords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so muck of the said act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs and excise;; to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures, and all and every the methods, orders, dire&ioris, rules, proclamations, penalties, punishments, rewards, matters, and things, provided, settled, ordered, directed, imposed, given, and required, by the said act of the nineteenth of his said late Majesty, relative to the surrender, proclaiming, apprehending, harbouring, and punish ing such offenders, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. VII

And whereas it is expedient also to continue the law herein after mentioned, be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore.. That an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late

fmstt 29 majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An ai to prevent j7#8. * the committing of frauds by bankrupts), which was to continue in

force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the space of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the ninth and sixteenth years of his said majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said lat Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and wjiich, by several subsequent acts, made in the thirty first year of his said late majesty's reign, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, qoe thousand seven hundred and seventy one; and which by an act, made in the twelfth year of his present majesty s reign, was ainended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament;

and

- Geo. sc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 81. 77^

and by another at, made in the sixteenth year of his present majesty's reign. Was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, onejhoufand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and by another a, made in the twenty first year of his present majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next fetfion of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred eighty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LXXXI

An act for the more effectual encouragement of the Eritilh fijberm.

WHEREAS it is of the utmost importance to the preservation Preamble.

and increase of the wealthy commerce, and naval'jlrength, of this your Majeffs kingdom of Great Britain, that thefijheries of your'

[aid kingdom Should receive everyr reasonable encouragement which they

may from time to time be found to require and which it is in the

power of parliament to bestow: may it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of -*

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That prom june Tf

from and after the first day of .June, one thousand seven hun 1787, an an

dred and eighty seven, for the space and term of seven years nual bounty

thence next ensuing, and from thence to the end of the then

next session of parliament, a bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne for f years, to

shall be paid annually, in the manner herein after prescribed, owners of

to the owner or owners of every decked vessel, of not less than ship of *5

fifteen tonnes burden, manned and navigated according to law,

which shall be fitted out for, and employed in the British white pi0yed in the

herring fifoery, in the manner and under the regulations herein white herring

after directed and provided. ^ - fishery.

II And be it further enacted, That every buss or vessel, in Particulars reorder to be deemed properly fitted our for and duly employed quired to en in the said fiffiery, so as to entitle the owner or owners thereof title veffeis to to the said bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne hereby granted, ‘30unty* according to the true intent and meaning of this act, (half be a decked buss or vessel built in Great Britain, after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and shall have on board, (barrelled up in new barrels) twelve bushels of salt for every last of fish which such buss or vessel is capable of containing, and as many more new barrels as such buss or vessel is capable of carrying, and also two hundred and fifty square yards of netting for each tonne of buss measurement, together with the customary quantity of other materials for the equipment and mounting of the said two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the fishery business, but with liberty to make ufeof such nets

therein

oogle

780 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.8r. [1 j86.

therein as shall be found best adapted to the said fishery; and shall have on board not less than five men for the first fifteen tonnes, and one additional man for every five tonnes by which such buss or vessel shall exceed fifteen tonnes, and so stored, accoutered, furnished, and manned, shall clear out of some port in Great Britain,, at sometime between the first day of June and the first day of Qflober in one and the same year, and shall proceed immediately upon the said fiffiery, and shall there begin and continue to fish, in an orderly, regular manner, without impeding or obftrudting any other vessel which shall be employed in the said fishery, for the space of three months at the least, to be computed from the day upon which the matter and crew of r' such, buss or vessel shall first (hoot or wet their nets, unless such' buss or vessel shall, within that space of time, return into port with a full cargo of fish, taken wholly by the matter and crew / of such buss or vessel.

No vessel to III Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no the^bouift* *° person or perf°ns shall he entitled or allowed to receive the unless it pro bounty herein before granted, for any buss or vessel which shall ceeds on the not proceed directly upon the said fishery from that part of the' f(hery di united kingdotn to which such buss or vessel shall belong, and redly from where the owner or owners, or any one or more of the owners which it be f (hch buss or vessel shall reside; and that the matter and longs, C owner or owners of such buss or vessel shall take out a licence, to proceed on her intended voyage, from the collector or comptroller of the port where such buss or vessel wa bona side manned, victualied, furnished, acpoutered, and fitted out for her then intended voyage; anything in this actor any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers of the IV Provided also, and be it further enacted. That before customs to any such buss or vessel shall proceed on such voyage, or be inf fds°and cert, te to the benefit of this act, such buss or vessel (halljbe VI tifyparticu" fifed hy such °fficer or officers of the customs belonging to the lars to the port where such buss or vessel shall be cleared outwards, as commission shall be appointed by the commissioners of the customs for that crs* purpose; which officer or officers shall examine such buss or

vessel, and take an account of the tonnage thereof by admeasurement, and shall certify to the said commissioners such his or their visitation, examination, and admeasurement, and that such buss or vessel hath on board (as the fadi may be) such a quantity of fishing nets, and other stores to be used in the said fishery, as herein before mentioned, and is otherwise a proper vessel to be employed in the said fishery; and thereupon, jn case the owner or owners, or one or more of the owners, or his or

Oath to be made of the vt(tel's being to proceed immediately on the ficbery,

their respective agent or agents, and also the matter or chief officer of such ship or vessel, (half make oath, in writing, beforp the collector or comptroller of such port (who is hereby im powered and required to take and administer the same), to be subscribed to the said certificate, that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution, that such buss pr vessel, as then manned, furnished, and accoutered, shall proceed

irhme

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto gfiorgii III C 8rj

immediately upon the British white herring fishery, there to

continue filing, in an orderly, regular manner, for the space of

three calendar months at the least (unless such buss or vessel

shall sooner obtain a full lading 0^ fish), without impeding or

obstructing any other vessel which shall be employed in the said

fishery; and if, after such certificate had, and oath made, such

owner or owners, or some or one of such owners or his or

their respective agent or agents, and also the master or chief

officer of such buss or vessel, shall also become bound, with two and security

sufficient sureties, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in

the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the bounty (fu^of the*

on the tonnage of such buss or vessel intended by this a, crew,

(which bond the collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to accept, and is to be in force for the space of three years against the parties thereby becoming bound for the faithful dealing of the said master and his crew, in regard to the said buss or vessel, and voyage), then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the colleger and comptroller of such port to give and grant, and they are hereby re which is to inquired to give and grant, to the owner or owners and master of [fences for such buss or vessel, full licence and authority to proceed on such the voyage. voyage as aforesaid.

V And be it further enabled, That on the return of any Officersofthe such buss or vessel into any port of Great Britain for the dif *hpretnrnof charge of such buss or vessel, the chief officer of the customs, a(hip, tocer or such other officer, of the customs as he shall appoint at such tify her coupon, shall immediately repair on board of such buss or vessel, dition, ' and view the condition thereof, and of its lacting, and certify the same, together with his observations thereon, and also the real tonnage of such buss or vessel, and the names of the master and other persons on board; and the master or chief officer of and oath to such buss or vessel shall also make oath before the collector or be made that comptroller of such port (who is hereby empowered and re. fwere^d to the quired to administer the same), to be written on the back of, terms requir or annexed to, the licence granted as aforesaid (which the facted; master is hereby required to deliver up), that such buss or vessel did, without delay, proceed from the port in such licence mentioned, upon its last clearance from thence outwards, to or upon the British white herring fiihery, and did there remain and continue employed in fishing for herrings dr other fish, according to law from the day of to the

day of (expressing the respective days ot

beginning and ceasing to fish); and that, during all that time the quantity of nets and other stores, and number of men, by law requiied, were on boarcl of the said buss or vessel or cm X

ployed in the lawful prosecution of the said fishery, and that the said buss or vessel hath not, since its said last clearance out wards * from the said port, been on any other voyage, or pursued any other design or view of profit than that of taking fish, and faking or curing the same, or faking or curing other fresh fish lawfully purchased at Tea: and that all the fish brought into Vex. XXXV Fff port

ysz Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C Sr. [1786.

port by the said buss or vessel were taken by the crew belonging thereto, or (in case of such buss or vessel not returning till after the expiration of three months) were purchased of British fub which certifi jedls $ which certificate, licence, and oath, together with an ae > cate, with the £0unt Gf fifo taken by the said buss or vessel, shall be trans are tctbe C' fitted by the said collector or comptroller, in case the said buss transmitted to or vessel departed with such licence from any port within that the com mi f part of Greht Britain called England, to the commissioners of the fioners, who customs for England; and in case such buss or vessel departed the bounty^o ^cence from any Port within that part of Great Bribe

paid. tain called Scotland, to the commissioners of the customs or ex r cife for Scotland: and such commissioners respectively, being fully satisfied of the faithful dealing of the matter, and other persons employed or concerned in such buss or vessel, with respect to such voyage and fishing, shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the owner or owners, or to his or their assigns, by. * the receiver-general of the customs or excise, as the case shall happen, the sum of twenty Shillings per tonne, according to the admeasurement of such buss or vessel, duly certified as aforesaid.

Vefifelsre VI Provided always, and be it further ertatsted, That the

leftthan^he owner or owners of any buss or vessel which shall return into proper num Port from the said fishery with a less number of men than such berof men, or buss or vessel is hereby required to have on board, as aforesaid, without a full unless it shall be made appear that the said reduction was occasioned b^entitled U) ^ death, sickness, or desertion, without any default, fraud, or bounty. collusion, on the part of such owner or owners, or which shall so return within the said space of three calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid, without a full cargo of herrings, or, having such a full cargo, unless the whole thereof were actually caught and taken by the matter and crew belonging to such buss or vessel, shall not be entitled to any bounty on the tonnage of any such buss or vessel respectively; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Bounties to VII And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe be paid by lawful to and for the commissioners of his majesty's customs in ceneratotthe England and Scotland respectively, to order the said bounty to be customs, etc. paid by the receiver-general or cashier of the customs for that part of Great Britain from whence the buss or vessel, in respect whereof the same shall be payable, shall have departed, as here in before directed, out of any money in the hands of such receiver-general or cashier, arising from any duties, revenues, or customs, under the management of such respective commissioners;; if the receiver-general or cashier of the customs at Edinburgh shall not have lufrcient money in his hands to pay the said bounty, the commissioners of his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, (hajl forthwith give the person or persons, entitled to receive such bounty, a certificate thereof, directed to the commissioners of the excise for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which certificate being affixed to the said licence and other the certificates and documents aforesaid, and

being

ifs .] Arina vlctfttno feeto georgii III C Su

being produced to the said commissioners of excise, they the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on demand, to cause the money, so certified to be due, to be paid by the receiver-general or easier of the said excise, out of any money in his hands arising from any of the duties and revenue under the management of such commissioners 5 any law, ufege* or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And be it further enabled. That from and after the For every bar said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty re! of herring seven, for and during the term of seven years, and from thence aadcomplete to the end of the then next session of parliament, for every bar ly cured, a tel of herrings twice packed and completely cured, which shall, bounty of 48* during anyone year be landed from any buss or vessel, theto^epa^r owner or owners of which, in respect thereof, shall be entitled

to the aforesaid bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne, under and by virtue of this at there shall be paid a bounty of four Shillings. # but if the

IX Provided always and be it enacted. That if the number quantity im

of barrels of herrings imported by any such buss or vessel shall Ported exin any one year, exceed the proportion of two barrels and the portion of™" half of one barrel of herrings packed and cured as aforesaid for two and one every tonne of the burden of such buss or vessel, then and in half barrels such case there shall be paid, for every barrel so exceeding to a tonne 0! *jf the said proportion, a bounty of one shilling only, and no above^hat^ more. ^ proportion.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the Quantitytobe more effectual prevention of fraud, all herrings, the proprietor co™pu.tc<*

Or proprietors of which, in refpeff thereof, shall be entitled to, ftatcvffea6 or claim the said bounties of four Shillings and one shilling, fteeks, 4 barer either of them, shall be computed at the time of their being rels of which unflhipped, while they are in the state in which they are usually are te denominated Sea Steeks or herrings not repaeked, and that four totof her barrels of herrings in that state shall be considered as equiva ring twice lent to three barrels of herrings packed a second time. packed.

XL And whereas the said bounties of four billings, and one jbiu ling, herein before granted, will afford encouragement to those fijh- tries alone that are carried on either by decked vessels ft ted out under such regulations, and continuing at sea for such time as herein before respectively mentioned and direpled^ or by such open boats as are employed on the same coasts with those vessels, and find in the mafiers of such vessels pur chasers of the fib they take; and inasmuch as it is reasonable and expedient, that all indu/lrious fi/hermen engaged in the herring fi/hery, Should in some measure participate in all suck encou. no

ragements as parliament hall give to the said fi/hery; be it therefore entitledtothe enacted That for all herrings which shall be landed from any bountyof aos. boat or vessel, not entitled to the said bounty of twenty Shillings Per tonne a per tonne, and which shall afterwards be properly felted and barrel to cured, there shall be paid a bounty of one shilling per barrel. be paid.

XIL And be it further enacted. That before any bounty Calks con granted by this at, shall be paid to the persons entitled to re tainingher ceive the same, eyrery cask or package of herrings on which the ™bointy/ta

ff f % laid be branded.

Bounties of 48. and is. per barrel to

784 Anno vicesimo fextb Georgii III C 81, f 178&

said bounty shall be demanded shall be branded, in the sight of the officer of the customs, with an hot iron, in such legible and lading marks or characters as the commissioners of the cuftotfis shall direct, and as may effectually distinguish the casks or packages containing herrings landed from buses or yeffels entitled to the said bounty on the tonnage thereof, from such as contain herrings landed from boats or vessels not entitled to such bounty on the tonnage.

XIII And be it further enacted, That the said several and per barrel to respective bounties of four Shillings, and one shilling, for every be paid as the barrel of herrings imported by any such buss, vessel, or boat bounty of 20s. respectively, as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable by such and per tonne, the fgme person or persons and in such and the same manner as

the said bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne shall be paid or payable by and under, and by virtue and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the collector or comptroller of the V customs in the port were the fish, in respect whereof the said

bounty shall be payable, shall be entered, and to be verified by the person executing the office of searcher in such port.

XIV And, for the encouragement of the fishery usually. called The Deep Sea Fishery, on the north and north east coasts of this king

Toveffelsem jom. be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of Deep Sea DC June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for the Fiftiery, addi* (pace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then tionai pre next session of parliament, over and besides the several bounties miums to be herein before granted, there shall be payable and paid the feve the^reateft^ ra p^wiums or sums following; (that is to say). For the quantity of greatest quantity of herrings which shall be caught by the crew herrings im of any one buss or vessel, the owner or owners whereof, in reported in one fpe& of such buss or vessel, shall be entitled to the said several tween Tune i ^oun^es f twenty Shillings per tonne, and four Shillings, and one and Nov. 31/ shilling per barrel, herein before granted, respectively, and guineas; which shall be imported or brought in, by such buss or vessel between the first day of June and the thirty first day of novem for the next ber in any one year, the premium or sum of eighty guineas; and greatest quan for the next greatest quantity of herrings, which shall be fa 1 y' °9 caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the premium or for the next, sum of sixty guineas; and for the next greatest quantity of her 40* rings which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as

for the next, aforesaid, the premium or film of forty guineas; and for the s next greatest quantity of herrings which shall be so caught, imported,

and brought in as aforesaid, the premium or sum of twenty guineas; each of which said several premiums or fuma shall be payable and paid at any time or times after the thirty first day of November in every year, by such and the same person, and in such and the same manner, as the said bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne upon the buss or vessel, the owner oc owners whereof in respect of such ship or vessel shall be entitled to such premium or sum, shall be paid or payable under or by virtue and according to the true intent, and meaning of this a.

upon

Got e

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III d Zu 785

upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the collector or comptroller of the customs in the port where the fish in respect whereof the same shall be payable shall be entered, and to be verified by the person executing the office of searcher in such port.

XV And whereas it is highly expedient, as well for the purpofi

of encouraging the fisheries by an extension of the market, as for that * of providing a cheap and wholesome article of food for the support of the poor, that all duties now payable by law on such herrings, codling, and salmon or other fifo caught and cured by British subjects as are removed for home consumption except as herein after is mentioned should cease and determine \ be it therefore enabled, That, Duties now from and after the said first day of June one thousand feveh payable .on hundred and eighty seven, all duties, now payable by virtue of for

any act or acts heretofore^made, and now in force, for or in home con respect of such herrings, cod, ling, hake, and salmon, or other fumptionto white fish, caught and cured by British subjects, as shall be re cease on June moved for home consumption (save only and except such1*17®7* equalising duties as are by this act expressly granted or directed

to be continued on salmon, cod, ling, hake, tusk, and other white fish, cured with salt for which the duty hath been paid,

.and which shall be imported into England from Scotland shall cease and determine.

XVI And whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign 5 Geo. 1. C .of his late majesty^king George the First entitled An act for re 18, recited, covering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts, and

better securing the duties on salt, the several bounties rates or sums therein and herein after expressed, were granted and made payable for all such fish therein and hereinafter mentioned, as Should be exported from any port or place in Great Britain, into parts beyond the Jeas; (that is to say). For every hundred of cod fish, ling, or hake, except dried cod fish, ling, or hake (commonly called Haberdine), which should contain in length fourteen inches or upwards from the bone in the sin to the third joint in the tail, five billings; and for every hundred weight of dried cod fish, ling, or hake, (commonly called Haberdine), three Billings: and whereas the distinction between the dried cod called Haberdine, and dried cod not so called is found to he useless, inasmuch as little less than the whole quantity of dried cod exported, during the last thirty years, hath been pipped as haberdine, and as it also appears that the value of cod in some of the foreign markets is much diminped by that degree of dryness, which gives it the denomination of haberdine; be it therefore further enacted.

That, from and after the passing of this act, for all such dried For such fish cod, ling, or hake, as under and by virtue of the said act, of as heretofore the fifth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George ^jntn^ftied the First, or any fubfequenr act or acts, would (in case this act tojs^per C had not been made) have been entitled to the said bounty of hundred five Shillings per hundred thereby granted, there shall be pay weight on

able and paid the rate or sum of three Shillings per hundred exportation,

.,. r r. » 1 r b r n. T no more than

m such and the same manner, in every respecu as the tohenaid - Fffj faid5 p

j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C Zu [1786.

said bounty, Tate, or sum of three Shillings by the said act granted for every hundred weight of dried cod fish, ling, or hake, commonly called Haberdine, is or shall be payable by force or virtue thereof; and the said bounty of five Shillings per hundred shall henceforth be discontinued and repealed, and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

jfafteroft.i, XVII And be it further enacted, That on all barrels and filhbe casks in which any fish whatsoever (except frefti fish) shall, Icafks^ not frqfn ancter day Ofioher, one thousand seven hun

btanded with dred and eighty six, be packed or put up, either for exporta the curers tion or home consumption, the respective names of the curers j be of such fish shall be marked and burnt with iron, in fair, large, torrei ed. legible, conspicuous and permanent characters; and that every barrel or calk in which any fish (except fresh fish) shall, from and after the time aforesaid, be packed or put up, and which shall not have the name of the curer thereof marked and burnt as aforesaid, shall and may be seized and secured, by any officer pr officers of his majesty's customs; and upon due proof of the fast being made, on oath, before any one of his majesty's justices of the peace, every such barrel or calk shall, together with the fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

aft^r June i, XVIII And be it further enacted, That the (laves of every 1787, the barrel, in which any white herrings or wet white fish shall,

rel8?n°which rom nd after the said first day of June, one thousand seven

white her hundred and eighty seven, be packed or put up for exportation, rings are (hpll not be of a less thickness at the bulge than half an inch,

packed for ^ncj that every such barrel shall be full bound, and that every

multbfhalf barrel in which such fish shall be so packed or put up, and an inch thick, which shall be found to be of less thickness than as aforesaid, and full or not full bound, shall and may be seized and secured by any bound, or for officer or officers of his majesty's customs; and upon due proof reited. of the f?ft being made, on oath, before any one of his Ma

jesty's justices of the peace,, shall, together with the fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

XIX And, for the better encouragement of the fifberies, be it

Persons who father enacted, That every person who shall, for the space of have served as ‘ J r r

seamen or fishermen 7 years in the fisheries, entitled to the privileges granted by 2, z Geo. z. C

44.

seven successive years, have followed the occupation cf a seaman or fishermen, on board of any ship or vessel employed in the fisheries of Great Britain, (being a married man), may setup and exercise any such trade as he is apt and able for, in any town or pla.ee within the kingdom of Great Britain, without any let, suit, or molestation of any person or persons whomsoever, for pr by reason of the using of such trade, as freely, and yvith the same prqvisions, and uhder the same regulations, and with the like exception in respect to the two universities of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner or foldiefr may do, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty fecqnd year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled.

An

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 81,

An act to enable such officer s; marinersy andsoidlers, as have been in his Majesty's service since his accejfton to the throne, to exerc'tje trades.

XX And be it further enacted. That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to carry, from any port or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place in the said united kingdom, for home confqmption, any red herrings or white herrings, or any salmon, cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fish, cured with salt, made in any part of Great Britain.

XXL And whereas the salt, used in the cure ofsalmon, cod, ling, hake, tujk, and other white fish, taken on the coafis of this kingdom, and removed for home consumption, (save only for the cure of ling and hake, taken by the crews of vessels employed in the white herring fishery during their continuance at sea), is subject to the payment of the salt duties; and, by reason such duties are conftderably less in Scotland than in England, it is jujl and necefjary that a duty Should be paid upon the importation into England, for home consumption, of cod, ling, hake, salmon, and other white fish, cured in Scotland with homemade salt, for which the duties payable in Scotland for homemade salt have been there paid or fe cured, in order to make the said duties payable in Scotland on homemade salt used in the curing of such fish, equal to the duties payable on homemade salt used in England in the cure of such fi/h for home consumption; be it therefore further enacted, That the several rates and duties, which by an act made in the twenty-ninth yer of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain culled Scotland, are made payable on the importation into England, of salmon, cod, ling, tu(k, and other white fish, cured vyith salt made in Scotland, for which the duty hath been there paid or secured, shall be continued, and the same or the like rates and duties shall, from and after the passing of this act, be extended to, and shall be paid and payable for, all salmon, cod, ling, hake, tusk, and pther white fish, brought from Scotland into any port or place in E, ngland for home consumption, cured in Scotland with salt made in any part of Great Britain, for which the duty hath been paid or secured; and that the several provisions, regulations, and restrictions, in the said act contained or thereby prescribed, for the entry and clearance of such salmon, cod, ling, hake, tusk, and other white fish, cured with salt made in Scotland, and for the importatipn and removal thereof, and for the payment and securing the duties thereby granted in respect thereof, and the several penalties thereby inflicted for any breach, difqbedience, or non observance of the said provisions and regulations, shall be observed, performed, and enforced, in respect to the rates and duties hereby granted, in the same manner as if the same were here repeated and re enacted, ny thing herein before contained to the contrary qqtwith? (landing.

XXU. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

y f f 4 pa fling

7g7

Fish cared With British salt may be exportedfrom one port to another in the united kingdom for home consumption i

Duties payable by 19 Geo. 2. C 23. on the importation of fish cured with salt made in Scotland, to be extended to imported fish cured with salt made in any part of Great Britain, and the regulations of that act extended to this.

Fish may be carried from

y88 Micelimo sexto Georgii III CI [1786.

one port to passing pf, (his as, it shall and ma be lawful to and for any another m ‘person or ptffons to carry from any port or place in the said exportation, united kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place onppath being W the said united kingdom, for exportation to foreign parts, jnade that any fed, herrings or whitp herrings, or any salmon, cod, ling, they were tu(k, or other white £lh, the owner of the fish, or mailer of the tain^anctcar ve^eh making oath before the chief officer of the customs, or ed with home his deputy (\yho is hereby required to administer the same), biade salt. that such fish were caught ia Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, and cured with salt delivered duty free from some part of the said united kingdom of Great Britain, and when and where, and to whom the said salt was so delivered.

Fish so XXIII And be it further enabled, That, from and after the

coastwise for pang auch rec herrings, white herrings, salmon,

exportationtp cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fish, so brought or conveyed be entitled to coastwise from one port or place of the said united kingdom of the bounties Great Britain to another, shall, upon exportation thereof, or C 18 and to ^ Part thereof, t0 foreign parts, be entitled to the same allow be subject to ances or bounties as by the said act, passed in the fifth year of the regula the reign of his late majesty King George the First, are granted (ions thereof, on the exportation of fish cured in Great Britain, such fish being subject to the same rules and regulations to prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, after clearance outwards for exportation to foreign parts, and the owner or owners thereof, being flibjedl to the same penalties in case of such relanding, or any other fraudulent proceeding, in order to obtain the said,, as by the said act are prescribed or inflicted in regard to fish cured and exported from Great Britain, anything in the same, or any other act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Bounties on XXIV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no bf^fifhcar? allowance or bounty upon such exportation to foreign parts as

ried from aforesaid, of any red herrings, white herrings, salmon, cod,

England to ling, tusk, or other white fish, so brought or carried coastwise Scotland, to ftpip any port or place in that part of Great Britain called eng the^customs to any port or place in that part of Great Britain called

in England, Scotland, shall be paid in that part of Great Britain called scot on debenture land; but that the chief officer of the customs, or his deputy from the of at the por* or pjace from which such fish shall be so exported port of exto foreign parts, upon the request of the person or persons

partition. exporting the same, and oath made before the said chief officer

'or his deputy (who are hereby respeciively empowered to administer

the same) of the shipping of the said fish, and itsjiot being felanded, or intended to be relanded, in Great Britain, give a debenture under his hand, without delay, see, or reward, for payment of the said allowances tor bounties; which debenture being produced to the commissioners of the customs, in that part of Great Britain called England,, shall entitle the exporter of such fish, or his assigns, to the payment.of the allowances or bounties granted by the said recited act of the fifth year of King George the First; and the said commissioners are hereby * ' ' required

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III & 8f. 789

required to pay the same out of any money remaining in their hands, arising by any branch of his majesty's customs, regard being had to the priority of the dates of the said debentures in the payment thereof,

XXV Provided always, and be it further enacted* That no Bounties on allowance or bounty upon such re exportation as aforesaid, of ^pp^tation any red herrings, white herrings, salmon, cod, ling, tusk, or ^omscotland other white fish, so carried coastwise from any port or place in t0 England, that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port or place to be paid in in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be paid in Scotland, on that part of Great Britain called England; but that the chief officer at officer of the customs, or his deputy at the port or place from the port of which such fish shall be so exported to foreign parts, shall, upon exportation, the request of the person or persons exporting the same, and oath made before the said chief officer or his deputy, (who are hereby respectively empowered tq administer the same), of the shipping of the said fish, and its not being relanded, or intended to be relanded in Great Britain, give a debenture under his hand, without delay, see, or reward, for payment of the said allowances or bounties; which debenture being produced to the commissioners of the customs, or to the commissioners of the excise, (at the option of the importer, or his assigns), in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall entitle the exporter of such fish, or his assigns, to the payment of the allowances or bounties granted by the said recited act of the fifth year of King George the First; and the said commissioners are hereby required to pay the same out of any money remaining in their hands, arising by any branch of his majesty's customs or excise, regard being had to the priority of the dates of the said debentures in the payment thereof,

XVI Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Entry to be proprietor or proprietors, of such red herrings, white herrings, made, at the falmqn, cod, ling, tusk, or other white fish, as shall be put on of the

board of any ship or vessel in any port or place in Great Britain xo quantity, etc. be transported or carried to any other port or place in Great where cured, Britain, whether for home consumption, or exportation to C foreign parts, or his or their respective agent or agents, shall, before such ship or vessel shall depart from the port or place where the same shall be so shipped, make a full and particular entry with the collector, or other principal officer of the customs at such port or place, or his deputy, of the fish so shipped, expressing the number of barrels of wet fish, with the marks and numbers thereof, and the number and weight of each species of dry fish, and declare upon oath that the said fish were cured in Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, and whether hey were cured with salt delivered duty free, or with salt for which the duty payable by law hath been paid or secured, and that the salt used in curing such wet or dry fish respectively was taken on board from some port or place in Great Britain, and when and where it was so taken on board, and that no drawback for the same hath been had, or is intended to be had,

upon.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 8i.: [1785.

upon the exportation of the said salt, (which oath the said collector, or other principal officer of the cuftonis, or his deputy, Officersofthe is hereby authorised to adtninifter); and is likewise required to grant and deliver to the matter of such ship or vessel, without delay, see, or reward, a certificate or cocquet under his hand, that such entry or entries, and oath or oaths, have been duly made; and the matter of every ship or vessel wherein such fish shall be shipped to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, or the proprietor or proprietors of such fish, or his or their respective agent or agents, shall, before landing or putting on shore the said fish, or any part thereof, or putting it on board of any other ship or boat in any port or place of Great Britain, deliver

79o

custom8 to grant certificate of such entry, which is to be delivered by the master previous to his landing the fish, on penalty of forfeiture there the said certificate or cocquet to the proper officer of the cuf 0, etc toms in the port or place where the same shall be imported brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other ship or boat, upon pain of forfeiting all such fish as shall be so imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other ship or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, ancj also double the value thereof, together with all the casks or vessels in which such fish shall be found, the same to be recovered of the importer or proprietor of the fitti, or of the master of the ship or vessel'in which the same shall be imported and brought in; and all officers, as well of his majesty's customs, as of the duties upon salt, are hereby authorised and im powered to seize all such red herrings, white herrings, fajmon* cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fish, imported, broqght'in, landed, or put on board of any other ship or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and also the ea(ks or vessels in which any such fish shall be found as aforesaid

Recital of part XXVII And whereas, by the said recited act of the fifth year of of 5 Geo, j. C the reign of King George the First, it is enacted That carers of fish Should thenceforth be .allowed to take from any salt works, or fall pits, any such quantity of British salt, where the same was allowed by law for the curing offifh for exportation, as they Should think proper for curing of fijfh for foreign markets, without paying any duty to his Majesty for the same, such British salt being taken from the said salt pits, or salt works, and weighed, in the presence of an offi ter for the duties on salt, and lodged in a warehouse, under the lock and key of the said officer, as well as the proprietor of the said salt, which British salt, so lodged as aforesaid, Should remain in the custody of the said officer, jointly with the said proprietor, during the several intervals of the several fishing seasons; the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, entering, at the next office for the duty on salt, the quantity a/'british salt so lodged by him or them, from time to time as aforesaid, and the said officer keeping an account of every quantity of the said salt so entered and lodged m his cufiody as aforesaid; such salt to be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent or agents, for the purposes, and upon the terms and conditions, and in the manner, and to be used, returned, and accounted for, as in the same aft is mentioned and dire fled \ and whereas a doubt hath arisen, whether under or by virtue

2 7$6.] Aono vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 8r.

i rfo said last mentioned act, curers of fib /« Britain, authorised to take British salt from any distant salt works, or salt pits, wferv the Jame is allowed by law for the curing of fish for exportation, and to ship and remove the same cooftwife to any other port or place in Great Britain, for the purposes in the same aft men tionedy and more especially whether such curers of fish, as reftde in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are at liberty, under the said act or any other act or afts> to remove salt coastwise from any salt pits, or Jalt works, in that part of Great Britain called England, the exijleace of which doubt hath in many inflames been found detrimental to the saidfifberies; be it enacted, That, from and Salt for the after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and curing of fish for the curers of fish in any part of the united kingdom of Great herrin^fea britain, to take from any salt works, or salt pits, in Great son for&ome Britain, such quantity of British salt as they shall think proper, consumption, as well for the curing of any kind of fish for exportation to so a8 well as for reign markets, as for the curing of herrings and other fish taken exportation in the herring fishery for home consumption, without paying may be taken any duty for the same, and to bring, carry, transport, and re duty free, move coastwise, the salt so taken, to any port or place in Great etc on th? Britain, such curers of fish, or their respective agents, before such salt shall be removed from the salt work, or salt pit, enter P ing, at the next office for the duty on salt, the quantity of salt so intended to be removed, and procuring the same to be weighed in the presence of an officer for the duties upon salt before the removal thereof, and also making oath in writing before such officer (to be by him filed in his office for the duty on salt), declaring the true quantity of such salt, and that all thetaid salt is intended for the curing of fish for exportation, or for the curing of herrings and other fish taken in the herring fishery for home consumption (as the case may be), and that the said salt is intended to be carried, transported, or removed coastwise to such a port or place, (naming the same), and shall not, by their order, consent, or connivance, directly or indirectly be sold, given away, or any ways delivered but for the purpose afore said; and also making a full and particular entry of such salt Entry to be with the proper officer of the customs at the port or place where raade at the the same shall be, or is intended to be shipped, for the purpose p^rgfuchfoft of being brought, carried, transported or removed coastwise as an(j bond * aforesaid, and also giving security to the said officer, by their given; bond or obligation, in double the amount of the duties payable by law upon such salt, for the due payment of such duties; and the proprietor or proprietors of such salt foto be brought, carried, transported, or removed coastwise as aforesaid, or his or their agent or agents, shall, on the arrival thereof at the port and like entiy or place for which it shall havp been To shipped and entered as to be made at aforesaid, and before the same shall be relanded, make a full the intended and particular entry withe thecoliecftor, or other principal officer *

of the customs there, of the salt so brought in and intended to b * be relanded, expressing the true quantity thereof; and also piaking path in writing, before such collector or pthef officer,

that

m

Officer of the customs to deliver certificate of entry, which is to cancel the bond, etc.

Salt carried coallwife, contrary to this act, to be forfeited, with double its value, betides the duties.

8 Geo. a. and

C

Anno vicesimo sexto georgir IIL C 81; [178ft;

that all the said salt was shipped or taken on board at such 21 port or place, (naming the same), and when the same was so shipped or taken on board, and that all the said salt is intended for the curing of fish for exportation, or for the curing of herrings and other fish taken in the herring fiihery for home consumption, (as the case may be), and that no part of such salt, since the same was shipped, hath been, or shall be thereafter, by their order, consent, or connivance, directly or indirectly sold, given away, or any ways delivered, but for the purpose aforesaid, and that no drawback for the same hath been had, or is intended to be had, upon the exportation of the said salt; after which oath the said collector, or other principal officer of the customs, is required to grant and deliver to the proprietor or proprietors of the said salt, or his or their agent or agents, without fee or reward, a certificate, under his hand, that such entry hath been made; upon the production and delivery whereof to the officer of the customs, to whom such bond shall have been given as aforesaid, such bond shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and after such entry and oath made, the proprietor or proprietors of such salt, or his or their agent or agents, shall be at liberty to reland the same in the presence of the proper officer, and such salt, being weighed in the presence of such officer, and lodged in a warehouse, under the lock and key of the said officer, as well as of the proprietor of the said salt, shall be secured, managed, ordered, and dealt with, delivered over, and accounted for, in such and the same manner as is in and by the said recited act of the fifth year of the reign of King George the First prescribed or directed, concerning the salt thereby allowed to be taken by curers of fish for exportation, as aforesaid, anything in the said recited act, or in an act made in Vie twenty-ninth year of the reign of. his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland), or any other act or acts, or itny custom or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any British salt shall be removed from the works or pits, or carried, brought, transported, or removed coastwise, or landed, contrary to the regulations prescribed by this act, and to the true intent and meaning hereof, such salt, and also double the value thereof, over and besides the duties payable for the same, shall be forfeited, to be recovered of the proprietor or proprietors of such salt, or the master of the vessel so carrying, bringing, iranfporting* or removing the same.

XXIX And whereas by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of, duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrasts of clerks and apprentices), it is enacted, That, from and after the time therein mentioned, no foreign salt Jboulfbe deliywei over from the joint cujlody of the of

sat

1786.} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 8r. 795

ficer and proprietor into the foie cufiody of the proprietor, or his agent, for curing fish for exportation, except he or they hold g ve security, to the satisfaction of the chief officer of the salt duty in he port where such salt should he imported that he or they jh: uld and would account for the foreign salt so by him or them to be received, in the terms of and according to the true intent and meaning of the therein recited acts^ made in the fifth and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or fioould answer the federal penalties in the said acts dire Red to be recovered from the proprietor offending against the said several acts, or either of them: and whereas by an act) passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign is Geo. 5. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for reducing the allow C in p31* ances for waste on salt and rock salt; for regulating the expor recte tation of salt to Jersey Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the use of soul salt for manure only; for allowing a drawback on the exportation of Glauber or Epsom salts; for restraining fish curers from being dealers in salt 5 for regulating the exportation of herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the duties on salt; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws relating to the duties on salt); after reciting that British salt, delivered duty free for the curing of fish for foreign markets, was liable to frauds for want of security being given as for foreign salt when delivered over into the curers foie cufiody at the beginning of the fishing season, it is enacted, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, on delivering over such British salt from the joint cufiody of the officer and proprietor, into the foie cufiody of the proprietor, or his agent, for the curing of fish for exportation, the said proprietor, or his agentx should give security, to the satisfaction of the chief officer of the salt duties, in the port or place where such salt had been lodged, in double the amount of the dutiesy that he or they Should and would account for the same in the terms of and according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts of parliament made in that behalf in like manner as the curers of fish then did for foreign salt taken for the curing fish for exportation, by virtue of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second: and inconveni whereas the security usually required by the officer of the salt duties, en.ee having under and by virtue of the said recited acts of the eighth year of the twohft reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twenty. recited a fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty', being the bond of the. proprietor himself and two sureties, in double or treble the amount of the duties payable for the salt in respect whereof such security is taken hath been found of great inconvenience to the proprietors, and. to operate very much to the discouragement of the fisheries; for re tnedy whereof be it enacted, That, from and immediately after salt may the passing of this at, whenever any salt, foreign or British7 henceforward shall be delivered over from the joint custody of the officer and proprietor, into the foie custody of the proprietor or his agent tod of the for curing fish for exportation, such proprietor or his agent, proprietor on " shall not be obliged or required, under or by force or virtue of his own bond,

the

Credit to be given on the back of the bond for the quantity of

Anno vtcfcfitod feito gsofegii HI. C 81. [ r 78$.

the said recited acts of the eighth year of the reign of hrs fate majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth year 6f the reign or his present Majesty, or either of them, or any other act or acts whatsoever, to give any security, by surety or sureties, for the purposes therein expressed, but. his own bond, in double the amount of the duties only, and no otherwise, anything in the said acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX And be it further eixaded. That credit for the quantity or quantities of salt, for which such bond shall be given as aforesaid, which shall have been used and duly accounted for,

^_____^ shall, from time to time, be given by the proper officer on the

felt accounted back of the said bond; and also that, when a proper account for, etc. shall have been rendered of the whole of the salt specified therein, or the duties paid upon the deficiency thereof, the said bond shall be void, and shall be delivered up and cancelled. mptvf" XXXI And be it further enacted, That no bond or other fttpds security to be given by any taker or curer of fish, or the master or owner of any boat, buss, or vessel employed in the british fisheries, or in the exportation of fish, or in the conveyance of fish from one British port to another, for or in respect of fuclv his occupation or employment, under or by force or virtue of any law or statute nowin being, shall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatever, any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII And whereas evidence hath been laid before parliament of the pernicious ejfefts which the fees or other perquisites of certain of the officers of his majesty*s customs, especially in Scotland, have produced on the fisheries of this kingdom, and as the requisition of such fees, however jonftioned by long usage, appears, by the orders of the commons in parliament assembled, in the year of our Lord one thon sand six hundred and sixty two, by virtue of an act of the tzvelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, to be contrary to the declared intention expressed in the said orders; be it

Officers ac further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing cepting sees of this act, it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his ble thecalue* majesty's customs, to demand, ask, or accept any fee or other and to be dif perquisite for or on account of any transaction relative to any charged. vessel or boat employed in the fiftieries, or in the transportation from one place to another of fisti, or of salt for the use of the fitheries, or for or on account of the payment of any bounty or debenture on fish;; in case any such officer or officers shall demand, ask, or accept any such fee or other perquisite as aforesaid, he or they (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall forfeit and pay treble the amount or value of the sum of money or other thing so by him or them demanded, asked, or accepted and shall be forthwith discharged from such office or offices, as: he or they shall then hold in his majesty's customs.

XXXIII And whereas the fjheries carried on from time immemorial on the coasts of the Isle of Man, by the inhabitants thereof \ have proved a fruitful nursery of able seamen for the national servicez

and

1786.} Anno vicesimo fcxtd gilorgii IIL C 8t.

and whereas, if due and equal encouragement with that granted to his Majesty's other British subjects, were given to the inhabitants of the I fie of Man Employed in the aid fisheries, they might be further improved and extended to the advantage of the public service, and to the increase of the marine, wealthy and force of the kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From June i, after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and bounty of is eighty seven, the like, bounty of one shilling per barrel as above per barrel to" mentioned, shall be paid for all such herrings.caught by the be paid to the inhabitants of the lfle of Man, as fhafl be landed in the said inhabitants of island from any boat or vessel, and shall be afterwards properly for her salted, cured, and packed in manner as above directed forrjngs caught j5n7/y# caught herrings; which said bounty shall be exclusive of and cured by all bounties payable on exportation of herrings to foreign parts, them in terms and shall be payable and paid, with respect to such herrings as f this act $ shall be landed in the lfle of Man, from and out of the surplusage of the annual customs of the said island, over and above the expenditure and civil establishment of the said island, by the receiver-general of the customs thereof for the time being, upon the owners of such herrings complying with, and conforming to, the like rules and regulations, and being subjected and liable to the like penalties in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent practises, in order to obtain such bounty, as are by this at directed with regard to british caught herrings landed in Great Britain

XXXIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand on expor seven hundred and eighty seven, all such herrings as shall be tat^aflowed^ caught and cured by the inhabitants of the lfle of Man, and ex the bounties ported from thence, or from Great Britain, to foreign parts, granted by 5 shall, upon exportation thereof, or any part thereof, be entitled Geo. 1. C is. to the like allowances or bounties of two Shillings and eight pence per barrel on white herrings so exported, and of one shilling and nine pence per barrel on red herrings so exported, as by an a CL passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late rna jesty King George the First, (entitled. An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts 5 and for better securing the duties on salt), are granted on the exportation of white and red herrings respectively;; said allowances or bounties to be paid, if shall, on such white or red herrings exported directly from the exported from lfle of Man to foreign parts, be payable from and out of the "Man as the same funds, and in the same manner respectively, as in this bounty of one present at is provided and directed with respect to the bounty shilling per on the landing of herrings in the lfle of Man, caught and cured barrel is pay by the inhabitants thereof, as abovementioned; and such al ifhfroni lowances or bounties on exportation to foreign parts of white Great Britain, and red herrings respectively, caught and cured by the inhabi as the bounty tants of the said island, and exported from Great Britain to soon exporta reign parts, shall, on the owner or owners thereof producing ^ due and proper certificates, signed by the collector, comptroller, der the like " or other chief officer of his majesty's revenue of thelaid island, regulations,

0 of

.

Duties now payable on the importation of herrings from thelfle of Man to cease.

Penalties on officers taking fees to extend to the fisheries of the ihe of Man.

it Geo. 3..

C 58, in part recited.

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii HI. a 8u of such owner or owners having taken the like oaths, and of their having conformed to the like provisions and regulations, as by this act are directed in the case of herrings cured in Scotland, and exported from England, and of herrings cured irt England and exported from Scotland, be payable from the same funds, and be issued and paid under and subject to the like conditions, restrictions, and regulations, and with the like penalties in case of relanding such herrings, or in case of any other fraudulent practises in order to obtain the said bounties, as by the said recited or by this present act are provided, prescribed, andinflisted, in regard to herrings cured inland exported from, any part of Great Britain, anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all duties which are at this time payable by law on such herrings as are caught and cured by the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, and imported into Great Britain, shall, from and after the parting of this act, cease and determine.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the like restrictions and penalties as are herein before mentioned and provided, with regard to officers asking or accepting of any fee or perquisite for or on account of any transaction relative to the fisheries, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be extended, in the mod full and ample manner, tar the fisheries of the isle of Man.

XXXVII And whereas by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further encouragement of the herring fishery on the coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the bounties upon the British white herring fish ery in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy one)y any sort of herrings caught upon the coasts of the lfle of Man, arid cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the duties therein mentioned, the master, or other person having the charge of the ship so importing such herrings, bringing with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chies, or chief magistrate for the time being, that oath had been made before him or them, in the presence of the officer of the cufioms for the port or place where such herrings were put on board, that the same were bona side taken on the coasts of the Isle of Man, and cured there; which certificate or certificates were also to be attested by the said officer of the cufioms, ‘ and to express the number of barrels, and quantity of such herring respectively, and the marks of the package expreffied in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of such person or persons as Shall have made the oath thereby direlied, and where and to whom such herrings Jhalhbe conftgtied in Great Britain f and whereas such herrings are frequently exported from parts of the said ift and Jo distant and remote from the place of residence of the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chies, or chief magtf trate for the time being, that the exporters thereof cannot, without

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 8 il 797

great inconvenience and expense, make the proof, and obtain the certificate required by the said recited atl: now, for the remedy thereof, be ft further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That; from and From Aug. r, after the first day of August, one thousand feveti hundred and the eighty six, the said oath, required by the said recited act to be j^redted taken before the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in maybe chies, or chief magistrate for the time being, shall and may be administered administered by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer by thereve of the revenue, at the port or place in the said island where such th^porh^the herrings shall be shipped or loaden, who is and are hereby re jfleof Man spectively authorised and required to administer the same, and where her to grant a certificate thereof in the form and to the effect requi r rings are slipped, ed by the said recited act, under his hand and leal of office; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That commiffioii it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his eros cuf majesty's customs, and they are hereby authorised and required tothe^afar^s to make such addition to the present salaries of the officers, 0£ officers in wliofe incomes shall be reduced by the abolition of such fees, or confederation other perquisites as aforesaid, in lieu of, and by way of compen qfthe ab°li fation and satisfaction for the same, as they in their discretion tl0tl of( V (having regard as well to the creditable subsistence of the officer

as public economy), shall judge necessary, and so order or direct;; thing in this present act, or in any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX And be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons £otirt persons do presume to counterfeit, erase, or alter any certificate, terfeiting ces debenture, or cocquet, by this act directed to be made, or shall tewniffied use any such certificate, debenture, or cocquet, knowing the as forgers, same to be so counterfeited, era fed, or altered, such person or

persons shall be liable to such and the same punishment as by the laws and statutes of this realm is provided for persons convicted of forgery.

XL And be it Further enacted. That if any person, in Persons make making any oath directed or required to be made by this act, ing false oaths shall wilfully and falsely swear any matter or thing which, if the gpjity of pev same had been sworn in any cause or suit depending in any of jury, his majesty's courts would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to such and the same punishment as by the laws and statutes of this realm is provided for persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLI And be it further enacted, That all the penalties and Howpenalties forfeitures herein befbre given by this act, shall be distributed are to be ap in manner following; that is to say, One moiety thereof to his ^vercd. ^ Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue, for the same, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, prosecuted, and determined, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in. Vol. XXXV Ggg Scotland,

n 9$

General issue.

Doable costs,

i Geo. t. C x8; and

9 geo.i.c. 33, recited.

a#no vicesimo Jqcte qjeorjsn III C 81*. [j 786.

Scotland, refpaftwely,, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager flaw, or moreihan one imp shall; be flowed.

jjxii* And, be it Further enabled, That df'any: person or persons hall happen to\befuied ^ pt^cnteu^r any twng by hini, or thfidi done pr executed in; purfiiance pfthis aft, such perfpn or persons fllail or mky pla the generahfsue, and give this af, .and the Special matter irt evidence; and if upon' trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhail5 become nonftsited, difcontittue, or forbear prosecuting such action or actions, then such defendant or defendants to double costs against such plaintiff

or plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like remedy as a defendant can have in any case where costs are given him by‘law,

xliir. 'And whereas, by virtue of an act passed in the firfiyedr of the reign of Ms latemajesty King George the Fitfiintitule#, hti act for the better preventing fresh fish, taken by foreigners, being ih]ported into this kingdom, and for the preservation of the fry of fish^and for the giving leave to import lobsters and tur bets infqreign bottoms; and for the better preservation of fu mon within several rivers in that part of this kingdom called England : and also, of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majffiy King George the Second, entitled, An act to render the law more effectual for preventing the importation of fresh hlh taken by foreigners; and to explain so muchof an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to ships exporting fish.to the ports of the Mediterranean Sea; and for the better preservation of the fry of lobsters on the coast of Scotland; no herring, cod, pilchard, salmon, or ling, fresh or salted, dry or bloated, nor any grill, mack .are!, whiting, haddock, sprats, coal fish, gull fish, longers, or any sort, offlat fifty nor any other sort of freftfift whatsoever (except turbets and lobsters), can be legally imported into, sold, or exposed to sale in that part of this kingdom of Great Britain called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or received from, any foreigner or foreigners, or out of any sir anger or sir angers bottom (except protefiant. sir angers), inhabiting this, kingdom; and every per fori offending by such illegal importation, sale, or expofal to sale, is liable to forfeit and pay the sum pf one hundred pounds., to be recovered by .any inf or met,

, in any of the. courts in itveftminster Hall, and to be distributed and .disposed of iti the manner following [that is to say); northeast moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish where such offence ft all be committed; and the master or commander of every such smack, hoy, yager, boat, ship, or other vessel, in which anyflft shall be so illegally imported, or brought to floor?, is also liable to forfeit and pay thefurnpf fifty pounds, to be recovered by any informer, .and to be disposed of as aforesaid, provided that no p erf on flfil incur any such penalty or forfeiture, unlejs the prosecution for the same be commence within twelve month 's after the offence committed: and whereas ike provisions made by the said recited acts are found, by experience, to be ineffeftufi, and not fuffcient to refirain ill disposed

persons

Anno vi.q#mfgm»g&gsgtt III o. 81.

petfimfrom buying and receiving frejhfijh {qthetthdn tunbets, kijbrsi and eels) from foreigners or sir angers and importing and ftdling such fish, in this kingclp^ contrary to the tenor andiexprefi meaning of the foetid aits \ and, by reason of the great delay and expense attending the pxofecution of the offender sand the great difficulty of procuring fuss dent evidence for the recovery <tf the foetid penalties under the said acts, personsare dtfeovragedfrom filing for such penalties > and the said of fenders escape with impunity: for remedy whereof and to the intent d practice jo injurious to the British fijheties% and so obmoujly detrimental to the naval intevejls of this kingdom, may be the more effectually fupprejfed and prevented, be It further enacted That? if, upon complaint or information, upon oat shady bewe any two justices of the peace (having competent jurisdiction in this behalf), it (fi^h appear that? such officer or officers doth or dd« know or is or are credibly informed, or hath or have cause to believe or suspect, that any fish hath been imported or brought into, or sold or exposed to sale, in the port of London, contrary to the tenor and true intent; and meaning of the said recited a^ts of the first year of the reign of King George the First, and the ninth year of King George, the Second, and of this present act, or any of such acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices to fumtnqn the person or persons who shall be charged by such complaint or information, to appear before them, at a time and place to be specified nile summons; and in case the party or parties so fummpned shall not appear according to such summons, then, upon due proof made of the service of such summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their dwelling hopfe, lodging, or other usual place of abode whilst the party or parties shall be on shore, or not being on shore, with some person in the ship or vessel to which he or they shall then actually belong, ' to cause such party, or parties to be apprehended, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of such justices, and to, be brought before them at such time and place as shall be specified in and by such warrant or warrants; and thereupon, whether such party or parties shall appear upon such summons, .or be apprehended as aforesaid, such justices shall and may proceed to hear the matter of such complaint or information, and to adjudge and determine the same.

XLIV And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices, before whom any such complaint or information shall be inde as aforesaid, to summon before them any feamati, fiftierman, or other person, who shall, in or by fueft complaint or information, appear to be a necessary witness as to the matter thereby charged, to appear before them, at a time and place to he specified in the summons; and in case such seaman, fiftierman, or other person, shall not appear according to such fummq^s) then. Upon due proof made of the service of such fuinmons in manner aforesaid, to cause such seaman, fiftierman, or other person, to be apprehended by warrant under, the haqds and seals of such justices, and to be brought before them, and thereupon, whether such seaman, filherman,

. ................... G g g 2 or

799

If officers suspect freth fish to have been

imported hita

London contrary to i Geo. i. C

9 Geo. %. C 33. and this act, two justices may summon the parties, and determine the complaint.

Witneffies refuting to attend may be apprehended, and giving false evidence to be committed for a year to gaol.

Anno vicesimo fcxtageorgii III C 2u [1786.

or other person, shall appear upon summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such justices shall and may proceed to examine him upon oath as to the matter of such complaint or information; and in case such seaman, fisherman, or other person, shall wilfully refuse to be sworn, or to give evidence therein, or shall evidently wilfully forswear himself, or prevaricate in his evidence, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and Teals, to commit such seaman, fisherman, or other person To refusing to be sworn, forswearing himself, or prevaricating as aforesaid, to the common gaol of the county or place in or for which such justices shall then a CL to remain for the space of one whole year, without bail or mainprize.

Written evi XLV And be it further enacted, That the examination of the forcehofc every Person & b examined as a witness as aforesaid j shall viva voce ° be ta^en down in writing by or before the said justices; and in examination, case the party or parties, charged by such complaint or information, cannot be made to appear at the time of such examination, and such witness cannot be made to attend when such party or parties shall appear, then and in fiuch case such examination in writing shall and may be read and made use of, and shall have the same force and effect as if such witness were then actually present and examined viva voce.

Hpwpenalties XLVI And be it further enacted. That the aforesaid several der^ecked1" pecun*ary penalties, by the said in part recited act of the ninth part of 9 year of the reign of King George the Second granted or imposed. Geo.*, C 33. shall be recoverable by and before any two justices of the peace are to be for any county, division, or place, on due proof and conviction applitdedand re oj^ence by the oath of any credible witness, or by con pp * session of the offender or offenders, and that the whole of such penally or penalties shall belong to the informer or informers making or laying such complaint or information as aforesaid ^ in case of the nonpayment of such penalty or penalties, with the charges incident to such conviction, immediately upon such conviction, the same penalty or penalties and charges shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the justices before whom he or they shall have been convicted; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender or of fenders shall be Cent by the same justices to the common gaol of the county, division, or place, in or for which they shall respectively ad!, there to remain for the space of one#whole year, without bail or mainprize, unless such penalty or penaltiershall be sooner paid; anything in the said last mentioned acts, ror cither of them, or any other actor adis, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII Jndy to the end that the person or persons convicted of any offence for which any such pecuniary penalty, as lost aforesaid, is by this act made recoverables may not by flight or removal after such conviction evade imprisonment, where such penalty Shall not be paid upon his or their conviction; be it furrher enacted, That it shall

and

iy86, ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 81. 801

and may be lawful for the justices before whom any such of and if not sender or offenders shall befo convicted as aforesaid, immediately after such conviction to order such offender or offenders into custody (in case the said penalty or penalties due on such con may be im vidtion be not immediately paid), during such time not exceed prisoned 48 ing forty-eight hours, as such justices shall think proper to allow boiirs^togwe for the return of the warrant for levying such penalty by distress vylifg by di and sale as aforesaid. stress.

XLV III Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the justices before whom inefficiency any such offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, either by the of goods, the confession of the party convicted, or other witness, that such ^^jmmuted. party hath not goods or chattels sufficient to answer the penalty. *

or penalties by him incurred, then, and in such case, the same justices shall and may, without issuing any warrant 6f distress, commit the party so convicted, as if such warrant had actually jfsued, and a return of nulla bona been made thereon.

XLIX Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any Security for such offender, ordered to be committed to prison uqder or by be^ccepts*^ virtue of this acts, shall, before his actual commitment to prison, an(j if not * procure security to be given by two sufficient securities, to the fulfilied, the satisfaction of the justices before whom he shall have been con party convicted, for payment of the penalty or penalties by him incurred, with the charges incident to his conviction, within the space of b/impri * fourteen days, exclusive of the day of coftvidlion; thep, and in foned. such case, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to accept such security, and upon nonpayment thereof, at the time ltipu lated for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the same justices, or any other justices of the peace for the same county, division, or place, to cause the party convicted, and his sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under their respective hands and seal, and them to commit to the common gaol of the county, division, or place, in or for which such justices shall act, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be sooner paid.

L Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any per Parties con son or persons so convicted as aforesaid shall think himself or ™c*?d» n themselves aggrieved, by the judgement or determination of any ay

justices of the peace, upon any complaint or information in pur appeal to the fuance or by virtue of this acts, it shall and may be lawful to and general or for such person or persons, withiri the space of three calendar quarter fef raonths then next ensuing, to appeal to the general or quarter the convic sessions of the peace to be held for the county, division, or place, tion be af in or for which such justices shall have acted, such person or firmed, to pay persons so appealing giving, and being hereby required to give, double costa. at lead six days notice to the informer or informers of such his, her, or their intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, and shall, with two sufficient sureties, enter into recognisance before some justice or justices of the peace for the same

G g g 3 county,

Persfons bav ingipaid the penalty, or being im

$0% a«no vicesimo kxtb 4fe3ikhftill Shift. [*?8£.

cpu^y/divifipn>jar plape, to appear and prdfecate foeh at the said general or quart sessions, arid abide by the Order dr deteraii^kn of the fel^e efcrirt, and to pay the Softs and slftlf2 ge, $» thereby awarded again ft fudh person or perfens, (if any j 5 r and) €y#yi fuel appeal shall, by the said court of gdierat dr

. /? f qiia^t^r fessionsike examined, and the cireumftattces of the case fully.c«qd5rbd.into, apd the ilnatterfinally heard arid dd#nriti f ed; ancliricafe such judgement, determination ot eonvidfion, so appealedragainstir (had 'bfe affirmed, rive party *so appealing V (hajj/pay unto the informer r informers double Costs, to he ascertained

by thfc order of the same court, -, ,

LL. Provided also, and bt it further enacted, That in case the .perferi or .persons so iriteilding to appeal shall have paid the

w t penalty j|rider.|a riy jfe q'h^cojmridiiori as aforesaid, into the hands

pri Toned, not of tfipfeid juftkes by wayof.depofn, or shall be then tmpriferi t find fare ed, such person or persons shall and may appeal to the said g tie, rieral or quarter feffiqns within the time aforesaid, on tri^br

t. ' their erring (without fur^ties) into such recognisance a here in beferf .mentioned, and remaining in prifohlnthe meantiriifc, or depositing fitch penalty into the hands of the said jutttees, there to remain until themerits of the said appeal shall behda'rd

and determined. .... *..... /'

vnalndge LII Provided also, and be it further enabled. That no fercti jdfttqes to be coqvi$k>o made, or judgement given as aforesaid, shall beset ivt a side for. aside by the said. court of general or quarter session for want of form, : form, or through dtae>mifeftatmg of any, eircumftancie, rir or removed by other matter whatfoevec, * provided the material fads alleged m eitiorau. fu cpnvidiori or judgement, and On which the same shall be grounded be proved to the fetisfadion of the said court, ribr shall : ny such conviction or judgement, or any order or proceedings f the said court, be removed or removable by qr tiorari, er any other writer process whatsoever, into any of his majesty s courts of record, at Wejhninfiermi any law or custom so the contrary notwithstandingv :

JJU. Provided also, and he it further enacted, That every prosecution in purfu'anoe or by virtue of this act, for any offence against the said several acts of the first year of the reign offing qmgev.the First, hnd the ninth year of the reign of King Gborge jhe; fecgpd,. or: either of them, shall and may be commenced within, die space of twelve calendar months from the 'tittle whe/ca.t such offence shall have been committed; anything iri thexid'acts, dr either of them, contained to the contrarysriof* withstanding;; ‘ "

XIV Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That np t|wngin this act contained shall extend, Or be implied or coin full force, ex ftrugd to extend, to repeal or alter any act or acts now in force, cept such as or any of the clauses .or provi(ions therein contained, or take a.w$ y*.abridge, Jessen, : or acted any of the powers or authorities thereby given or granted refpedivdy, for settling or regulating. the mode or course to be observed in fitting out for any fifoefy, or. clearance outwards, or entry inwards, or the discharge of any., - > buss

Actions for oftences a^ainft i Geo, 1. C 18. &

9 geo, i. C 33., may be commenced within 1% r months.

The powers

are hereby

rcoeaied.

r^86.j Anno gkdrois; llli Bii o

buse or fimhg; veflfel, or in cellaring,, fecurirrg, foipping, reftlip* ping, or reiandihg any salt, to be ulfecbfor the^falling or curing pf h, or. in fi&ing for, catchingfajting, curing, .ftorinrg, l^qd1 ingi removmg, mattcing, or expor.tinganyftfh wbarfotver, or ' j

in the paymenror allowancodf ahy bounties thereby; refpeo tiyely granted, qh the tonnage or^burtben of any buss*or vesse], or on any fifh/td be ‘exported, save bnly and except fd far as any such ad or afifs, jr t%.clauses, jjrb^fibns^ powers, or authorities therein contained or granted; are fpedfically or exprefely repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by tnrs present af, or repugnant to any of the provifipns jherein cdntairfedt but that all and Angular the said* former la^^ahd''the bpunties thereby granted, and the several rules, regplattorns, powers; a_nd‘authorities therein conteiiied or^grartt^d^and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred,, dr thereby infosfed' or provided for any breach or non pbfervance of the same, except as aforesaid, (halt remain andcoh't 1 ri U e" i ri'the ftfne forehand effe6fcas: ifjthis ah had not been made kany thing hereifi contained: to, the eontr^try notwithstandihgrv^ 1, /... '

, ' :

Anafifor thi morejffpftualtycnrrying^ relating

to the. duties onfamppd v4lufn>\ parchjnmt^ aftdipaper; and for repealing eeraawjl4fflp: duties .on.ppuciesfon insuring property in. any. C foreign, kingdom, onflatefrom loss byjfre* {

F OUL the mre'effefhicmy carrying into execution the laws nqw in Preamble.

fotce relating W the ^wes under the management of his Ma fifty's commijjiohers for managing the duties, on Jiamped vellum r parchment and paper, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament * assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ^75, after, the fifth day of July, one thousand feverr hundred and penalties are eighty six, wheresoever any person shall be convicted before, a not djretfed justice or justices of the. peace for any offence to be hereafter to be applied committed against any act or as of parliament now in being, blfo^er or hereafter to be made, touching or concerning any the duties ^ applied under the management or care of the said commissioners for a herein, ‘ managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, rented, by which any pecuniary penalty or sum of money shall be forfeited, the said justice or justices of the peace before whom such* person shall be convicted of the said offence, shall levy the said pecuniary penalty or sum of money in such manner as in such act or acts of parliament is contained, and apply the.same ta such uses and purposes, and in such proportions, as are thereia contained and expressly directed, in case the same at or as of parliament, or any other act or as of parliament relating thereto, shall expressly direcft the application thereof; and in default of such express and sufficient directions in such actor acts of parliament for the application of the said pecuniary penalty, or

G g g 4 sum

go Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II C 82. £1786.

sum of money so forfeited upon such conviction as aforesaid, then to apply the same in such manner as is r h^ih after directed. t > t r

One moiety .t IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, of penalties from, and after the said fifth day of July onb thousand seven informer hundred and eighty six, one moiety or half part of all pecuniary fecutingwith penalties or forfeitures which shall be incurred by any person or in six months, persons for any offence hereafter to be committed against any and the other jaw now in being, or hereafter to be made, touching or - con ma' cerning any the said duties (except where a different mode of J application i or shall be in the said law specially prescribed)

shall belong, and be applied to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same within thefpace of six calendar months after such offence is committed, and the other moiety or half part of the said .pecuniary penalties or forfeitures (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being sir ft deduced) shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and (uccefibrs, in the ' manper herein after direfled*.

But no p*rt of Provided always, and be it further eriaded by the autho

tobdongto8 rity aforesaid. That every distribution or division of any p£cu informers not niary penalty or forfeiture, directed to be made by this or any profecutingin other act or acts of parliament touching any of the said duties, limited time upon conviction before a justice or justices or the peace as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby reftrided and confined to the prosecuting for the same within the time herein before limited 5 and that in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers before a justice or justices of the peace as, aforesaid, shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such

penalty or forfeiture, but that the whole thereof shall belong to, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable by any the ways and means in or by any such act or acts of parliament in that behalf directed; anything in this, or any the said acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

. '/ / IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, HU Mayfly's That, from and after the patting of this act, all penalties or for nkltfes to be sutures,. and shares of penalties or forfeitures, which shall be paid to re due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue ceiver general of this or any of the said acts of parliament, or any other ad or of damps, acts of parliament now made, or hereafter to be made, touching ^e°famhnto any he ^ from time to time, be paid into the

the exche hands of the receiver-general of the duties on stamped vellum, querbyaug.i, parchment, and paper, for the time being, (or some other per annually, to son t0 authorised by the said commissioners, or the major

former'penah Part t0 rece*ve the same), who shall keep a separate

ties. and distinct account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary

charges of paying and accounting for the same being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the first day of Augustin every year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the day following which shall not be an holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt thfcre shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the

moneys

ijt8c.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 82. 805

moneys arising from the penalties ©riorfeitures due dt payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for any offence or offences committed against any a ft or acts of parliament now or hereafter to be made touching any of the said duties on damped. vellum, parchment, or paper,, nd paid into the said receipt as.

'aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart front all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said moneys jfo to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such manner, and to such purposes, as the said penalties and forfeitures were paid or applied, or ought to have been paid or applied j before the making of this act, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatfpever. V

V And be it further enacted bythe authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the passing of this act, in all' cases where Justices to any pecuniary penalty or, forfeiture for any offence committed tobe^ against this, or any act or acts of parliament now of hereafter to macje out; n be made, touching any the duties under the management or the following care of the said commiffidners for managing the. duties on form, damped vellum, parchment; and paper, shall be incurred, it shall and may be lawful for the jpftice or justices of the peace, before whom any peffon or personii hall be convicted of the said offence, to cause the conviction upon the same offence to be made out in the form, or to the effect following, mutatismutan dis, as the case shall happen to be; anything in any former act contained to the contrary thereof not withstanding;; every such conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the case or the fasts or evidence in any more particular manner; that is to Say:

BE it remembered, That on the day Form of con

in the A. B. of vision.

was duly convicted before me C D. one. of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of (of before us C D. and E. F. two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of as the case shall happen

to be), in pursuance of an act, passed in the year of the reign of for that the said A. B. on

the day of now last pqft!, did

(here date the offence against the act, as the case shall happen to be), contrary to the form of the statute in that case made and pro vided; and I (or we, as the case may be) do declare and adjudge that be the said A. B. hath forfeited, for his said offence, the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, which sum of 1 (or we, as the case may be) do hereby

mitigate to the sum of (here date the mitigated

penalty, if necessary) to be distributed as the law dire ft s.

This ij thefirst, second, or other offence, (as the case shall happen to be).

Given

* : &ste4 i ji6.

$06

1u

Convictions io be'wrote fairly

tobi -........... ............ * " ^ """‘ .......

the t the i and ] movable Certiorari

subject to ap*'fto'feeiyt m vl&mn1 1 be' jtttibve#*': b j''ceftiqtariy* irlto'any

quarter fef ^hatfoetfet, but shall be fubjfed to appeal before t^d jm

iions. ikes of the quarter fe(fe6i&, : "in such^drirtd* as ifr ahd'by ihy

foth Wi ttf'&&$*df'pinfhaift'dnt directed' ' 1

t. VI .And whereas great difficulties 'have frmuently arijeh, 'Upon (be

\ indlffttitiits; ana otherprofeifitjons for against his Mafejiy^ ‘febtwe oti fia, inpts

k **.2-1.1 < L jim f it hi, fllj2, 2

t to

f&rfy (he fdfiti in fa' exfilhtori; ' %dvi 'dftbw^jfir 'remedy thereof be it

From Aug.

1786, in prosecutions

where offend ^.. t.. " ^-" -» 3 -- rr i -

ers may be ^therprofedutiort/fbr^y dffentp ‘c'ofmtl f tted4 agsinft ahy actor

j'aitlf'win'rt' ai*, u/+^/'wrf?nw ibo (Viiirl /?i'iftoe At

entto prove "dfeeindf or'conftfafeti‘ttf'begtfiltj£<>f^fel6rty| any queftidri hast

the evidence Mother any ‘pylori be an officer? nis Majesty, his heirk

acted under "bir fucceitors, w W fist'smy of the^id'duties, or Whethef any

™com?affi‘ person hatlibe^h'fetivdioyed by tbfe' fa: S; ieommissioners for raia -- oners, with r.. C 1 j r J 1 J r, 1

.outprodueingvnasing the said duties, or the major part of them, to make or

his depute provide any dies or (lamps to dettdte the ftid duties, or aqy of

Uon. theft), br to repair, renew, or alter the same, or any of them in

every of the fald cases, proof fell and may be made and admitted, that such perfqn was reputed to be, and had acted in, and in ($€t exereifed fudv office or employment, and at the respec time and times when the matter or matters in controversy upon such trial or trials shall happen to have been done or cotfl tnittjed, without producing or proving the particular commission, deputation, pr other authority, whereby such officer or fether person was constituted, appointed; of employed; and that In every such case such proof shall be deemed and taken, by the judges or justices before whom any such trial shall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unless by other evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding 4

VII And whereas, in and by an act made in the lafi Jession of Geo. 3. C 50, parliament entitled An act for repealing an act made in the recited, and twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, repealed as An al for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued ar as re ates respect to the killing of game, and for granting other duties in

lieu

Two provisoes of s

i^86.‘j Aftiio vitefitir^fexw HI. c.82.' 807

lieu them it was provided, That, fhmfcidffter the'first day of to the tithe of July, one thoufdndseven hundred pnd figfyyffive, it should and mighf he lawful for any one or more justice or jufiifes of the peace of the ^h°re they * county, riding, Shire, fitwartry, divtfim, ‘city, liberty, or place, have not fuf wherein any offence or offences again the JM aft should be commit ficient goods ted, and suchjufiice afidju/lices was and were thereby required, upon pe"

information ir complaint to him or third made j ip summon ihe party na iie * or parties atcused, arid alfothe wiinejfes on either side, to appear before him or them, and Upon the appear ante of the party dr parties accused, or' h default fif his j hef, or their appearance according to fuel) fummvtis, to proceed to hear cmidetetnim& the matter in a sum rnary way \ and upondue proof fnadh thtnof, either by the voluntary confejfion of the party or parties accufedy or by the oath of one or more credible wittidfs or tyunejfes, to gipe judgement hrfentente for the penalty or forfeiture, dcofdmgas jitanfi by the/aid aft is dir ested, and to award pid ijfule 'hut his wwtaws, tinier ‘bis. hand and seat, for the levying fp adjudgedf on the

goods of the offender, dm if efitifi fate fd M fktide thereof in case they should not he fidetnlect fyfrhifi six days, rendering to the party the Overplus, (if plyfi'y and where fiiffcient/goods of such offender C hot be found id dtfw'er the penalty, To'uirimil such offender to the common gaol or Muse of correction, 'jhfretb remain for the [pace of six months, mlefs such penalty ffould be footer paid and satisfied: 7

and in and * by another proviso 6f thffaid aft it was provided and enacted. That nothing in the said a ftffobtained should extend, or be tonflrued to extend fid subject any person or persons whatsoever to a longer irnprijonmefit than three calendar months, for nonpayment of any fine or penalty to be imposed unfer/he authority of the said act:. now, to obviate any doubts which have afifin, or may arise, on the meaning of the said act, be it further enacted by' the authority aforesaid, That the said proviso j&ft abovementioned, and every matter and thing therein contained, and alfoto much of the said proviso first abovementioned which relates to the time for which the offender is to be committed, and which authorises or requires .the justice or ju (Vices of the peace. before whom any offender shall be convicted of any offence against the said act, where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for the space of six months, Thai! be, and are, and each of them, (as to such part thereof as aforesaid) shall be, and is hereby repealed and that, from and after the paffihg 6f this act, it shall and may be lawful for any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom any such offender shall be convicted of any offence against the said act of the last session of parliament, to levy any pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, adjudged by virtue of the said act, ia such manner as is'therein directed: : which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed according to the dirediofts of this act before specified; and that where if penalties be sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the1101 pad penalty, and the same shall remain unpaid, to commit such of rommut^d

fender 9

8g8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii llh CL Zzl f i786

for three fender to the common gaol orhouse of correction, there to re months, and ma; n for foe space of three calendar months, unless such pe no longer. na]ty foail fce (boner paid and satisfied, and no longer; anything in the said at contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Laws now in authority aforesaid. That all and every law and statute now in force, except force, touching any the said duties, and every article and thing pealed to be in them contained, and not herein and hereby altered or reput in execu pealed, shall be duly put in execution according to the tenor of lion. the said laws, and under the penalties therein contained, to be

raised, levied, and disposed of as therein and thereby are directed.

1% Geo. 3. C IX And whereas by an at, made in the twenty second year of 48, recited, the reign of his present Majesty entitled, An a<sb for charging a ^dutyduty on perfdns whose property shall be insured against loss by every 100 L r *na&*d* there Shall be raised levied, collected, and

insured * throughout Great Britain, unto and for the use of his ma thereby laid, jesty, his heirs and successbrsr the yearly sum of one Jhilling and six t ease from pence upon every j um 0jf one hundred pounds, andfo in proportion for on uifurances **9 Zreater & "fi that is or Shall be insured by any person or of foreign pro persons, in or by any policy of insurance for injuring houses, goods pert y from wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire: and 'whereas it is thought expedient to exempt all policies for injuring fof ' reign property from loss by fire from the said yearly duty; be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said yearly rate or duty upon all sums of money that are or shall be insured by any person or persons, in or by any policy of insurance made in Great Britain, for insuring of any house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, within any foreign kingdom or (late in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the said recited contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X And whereas there are in the hands of the receiver-general of the Jlamp duties several small sums of money received by him on account of duties and penalties, not applicable, by any law now in force, ated^duties1" t0 any Particular use or purpose, and which cannot be paid into the etc. in the receipt of the exchequer under any head of account; be it therefore hands of the enacted, That all such sums of money as are now in the hands receiver ge cf foe fa*1(j receiver-general of the (lamp duties shall be paid by Samps, to be nt rece^p' f the exchequer, and the money so paid

carried to the in shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly sinking fund, called The Sinking Fund.

Clause of 23 XI And whereas by an al, passed in the twenty-third year of Gfo: 3. C 58, the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An aq. for granting to sampson S ^aje^y kveral additional and new duties upon ftatnped

transfers of vellum, parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain stock, recited, exemptions from the (lamp duties, it was enabled. That, for every skin or piece of parchment or Sheet or piece of paper, upon

which

1786.} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 83. 809

which Shall be engrossed or written any transfer of flock in any com pany9 society, or corporation within Great Britain, there Shall be charged an additional fiamp duty of two shillings and threepence: : whereas doubts have arisen whether transfers or assignments of the flocks, or of any Jbare or part of the capital flocks, in the books of the governor and company of the bank England, commonly called Bank Stock, and of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery, are not made subject or liable to pay the aid additional Jlamp duty, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no transfer or alignment of the said (locks, or which is not of any part or share therein respectively, in the respective books to extend of the said companies, are or shall be liable to any higher or greater (lamp, or other duties, than were payable for any trans sea Stock, U fer or afligment of any share or part in or of the said (locks before the passing the said act, or shall be deemed or construed foto be or to have been, anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special General iltue. matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble costs. them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXIII

An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the seventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to 7 Geo. 3, C prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold *3. by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex; which act was to continue in force for fourteen years: and whereas the term of the said act was by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his said present Ma 17 Geo. 3. jejly, continued until the first day of June, which will be in the year C 13. of our Lord one thousand f even hundred and ninety eighty and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas the said act of the seventh year of the reign of his said present Majesty hath been ufeftu and, productive of much benefit to the public but might be rendered still more fois the same was explained and amended, and some further provifms made for preventing inconveniences, which

were

816 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL cp [j 78^

were not forefeet nor Sufficiently provided again/i by the foetid former act may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and bexit en^fted by'the king's moll: exeunt majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fyiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembied* and by the *geo 3 c *3> authority of the same, xhat the said recited act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majeftjr and cohtinued by the lubfequent act of the seventeenth year of the rejgn of hi said present Majesty, and all the powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provisions, rules, orders, directions, clauses, matters and things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, prefcribedj, mr except where ferted, and contained therein, (other than and so far as tbs by fttne, or any of them, are respectively varied, altered, ex 1 a ' plained, rendered unnecessary, or Qtherwife provided for, bv to continue this present act) shall be exercised, practised, used, enforced in force and put in execution, during the continuance, and for the purposes of this present act, in as full, extensive, arid beneggial, manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provisions, rules, orders, directions, clauses, matters, and things were particularly expressed and again enacted in the body of this present act; and also, that this act shall take efsect, continue, and be in force, from the twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, until the said first day of June, which will be in the. year of our Lord one thoufapd seven hundred and.ninety eight (being the remainder now to come and unexpired of the term - granted by the said recited act of the seventeenth year of the reign irf his present Majesty) and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

For appoint That it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal land ine coal ur" coal metres, within the limits of this act, or any one of them,

metres. and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorised,

directed, and required to appoint, from time to time, a full ficient number of persons to be labouring coal metres, within the said limits; one or more of which said labouring coal ipeters shall attend every day (Sundays excepted) at such of the coal wharves, warehouses, or other places of sale, within the limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be stationed by th principal land coalmeters, or any one of them, during th continuance of this act, at such times as is required by the wharfinger, or dealer in coals, where such metre or metres or are stationed, to measure out, or see measured, the cpals which shall, from time to time, be sold at any of the wharves warehouses, or places, where such labouring coal metres (haft be so stationed as aforesaid.

III And whereas, by the said act paffedinth£ seventh year of his present Majesty, it is enacted', That no person hall be capable of efting as one of the labouring coal metres to be appointed under the said act, until hr hall take an oath, that he will truly and impartially measure all coals, between buyer and seller, without favour or

hatred;

178, 6.3,. Anno vicesimo fpxto geo^gii II C 83* 811,

hatred: and whereas it 'bqwbeenfound very difficult to comply there with I be it therefore erra&£dfby thfc Authority sfl&rsfeid, tjvajl^orm of lathe form of the oathrequired'by the said at'; to be taken fhw‘boutr, n be, and the same is hereby repealed and W person appointed or to be appointed, under the authority of this and the said a£v'

shall be capable of idling ak one of the labouring coal melefs. until he Shall, before one or moreof his majfefly's jujticcsor the peace for the said city of jlondon (wfrois and are hereby aq thorifed and required to adrninifter the same'gratis), takei'and: *

subscribe an oath, or affirmation, ' in the words, or to the effedb, following 5 to wit *: ' .......

ia.bi do/wear, [or, being of the people trailed Quakers', db j»jew oath, solemnly affirm], 'that I will duly andfaithfully, to thek hffof my Jkill and knowledge, execute the office pf one of the labouring copu metbrs for the city bfljdti&6ki, dnd the fevefdl wharves fttuqte between ike tower London and Limehouse holej, iri the county of Middlesex; and'' that I tuill truly and impartially measure, or see measured, all coals, between buyer and seller, without favour or hatred. So help me GOD.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority afpresaid,

That upon notice in writing, or otherwise, being given to any Penalty on of the labouring coal metres appointed and qualified, or to be principals appointed and qualified, by virtue of this and the said recited neglecting to act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or c*ai °ur" left at the principal land coal meter's office, for a labouring metre, and coal metre or metres to attend at any wharf, warehouse, or on labouring place within the limits of this act, to be named in such notice, not^attenffin in order to measure, or see measured, the coals of the person on notice. * ^ giving the notice, such labouring coal metre or metres shall attend, pursuant to such notice, within the space of one hour from the time pf giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his or their duty according to the intent and meaning of this and the said recited act; and in case of neglefl: or refusal to attend accordingly, such labouring coal metre or metres shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings each: and the principal land coal metres or coal metre, neglecting to send such labouring coal metre or metres as aforesaid, fhast, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the like sum of twenty Shillings.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any cart or "carts loacted, or in which any quantity of Penalty on coals, exceeding seventeen bushels, shall be sent or driven, vendor, for from any wharf, warehouse, or place fimate within the limits ^meafmed of this act, without having been measured under the ihfpedtion 0r without a of the said principal land coal metres, or coal metre, or of such ticket, labouring coal metre, or without having first obtained such ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, the vendor of the said coals, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being, of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two

or

/

8l2

Anno vicefimb sexto Georgii Hi. C s3. [178&

or moire witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London, or the county of mid dlesex, shall,, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

£acr 8\*a1 t0 VL t And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mailed, f That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of July, one which shall thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no sacks to be made not be full 4 use of for the carriage of coals, within the limits of this act, feet 4 inches which shall not be full four feet four inches in length, and full in^ea^broad. twenty six inches in breadth, after they are made, shall be sealed or marked, at any office or offices, or by any officer or officers appointed or to be appointed for the purpose of sealing and marking such sacks, by any law now in being refpelting the same.

VII And it is hereby further enalled by the authority afore

^fteka* That any wharfinger or carrier of coals shall, at any

0 ac 8* time or rhymes hereafter, during the continuance of this act,

make use of any sack or sacks for the carrying of coals, within the limits of this act, of lefsdimenfions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth; or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any false bushel or other measure, and be convilted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called Quakers, by affirmation,) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London, or the said county of Middlesex, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds.

VIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ssnn°me said' That if any labouring coal metre, appointed and quality ddiver * fiec*» or to appointed and qualified, pursuant to this and the ing false said recited all of the seventh year of the reign of his present ticketsi Majesty, shall, at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this all, deliver a false or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, consumer, carman, or other person, with intent to pre

or receiving judice or defraud any person or persons whomsoever; or shall anyt?thcbe ta^e or rccc*ve fr°m any dealer m coals any fom or sums of Ides 4 i. per nioney, see, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides chaldron; the fourpence per chaldron, by the said recited all of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty enacted and allowed or making ^ t0 taken for the metage charge 5 or if any such labouring coal or dehvering5 metre Aall wilfully make, permit or suffer to be made, false any ticket for measure of coals, or shall deliver a ticket for any quantity of coals he did coals, the whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at not see mea any place or places within the said limits, and shall be, in any ured* or either of the said cases, convilted thereof by the oaths (or,

being of the people called Quakerj, by affirmation) of two or / more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London, or the said county of Middlesex, he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the office of a land coal metre; and the principal land coal metres or coal metre for the time being shall, for every such offence of such labouring coal metres, lo u convilted

ty8anno Vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 83. 813

convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the driver of any carter carriage with Penalty on coals'loaded therein, from any wharf, warehouse, or place, within the limits of this act, or any person belonging thereto tj, fg to 4 of employed therewith, shall take or deliver, or suffer to be be taken out taken or delivered, from such cart or carriage, any coals un of his cart, der his care, other wise than to or for the use of the owner or owners, purchaser or purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof * cohvidled, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings;; in case of nonpayment thereof, every such offender shall and may be Committed, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had to the common gaol of and for the city of London, or the county oif Middlesex, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied

- Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be dissatisfied with, or think Persons difla* himself or herself aggrieved by or in the measure of any coals have coaltre sold to him or her by wharf measure, within the limits afore measured said, and shall, upon delivery to him or her of the meter's ticket accompanying such coals, signify his or her desire to have driver to con the same re measured, then, and in every such case, the carman, or art

driver of the cart or other carriage in which the said coals .shall tillre meafur be brought, shall continue at the house or lodging of the pur CD under pe chaser of the said coals, with the said coals, and the said cart or nalty of5l. on carriage, until they are re measured, under the penalty of five ao^on pounds on the owner or proprietor, and twenty Shillings on the the driver, driver of thefaidcart or carriage; and the said purchaser shall im Purchaser to mediately, send, or cause to be sent, to the vendor of the said send notice in coals, or to his or her wharf, warehouse, or place, notice in dor and writing that the said coals are going to be re measured, and also metre send notice thereof to the land coal meter's office; and thereupon a principal metre, or one of the labouring metres, (not being the metre under whose inspection the said coals were originally measured), shall, within the space of two hours next after such notice in writing left at the land coal meter's office aforesaid, attend to re measure the said coals, and shall accordingly re measure thetame, sack by sack, in the presence of the vendor and purchaser of the said coals, or their agents or fer yants, if any of them shall attend, and desire to see the same re measured, and also in the presence of one of the principal or labouring land coal metres of or for the city and liberty of Westminster, or of or for that part of the county of Surrey lying between Putney and Roiherbithe, if such purchaser shall think proper to require the attendance of fach last mentioned coal,, who shall, and is hereby direcfced and required to attend accordingly within the space of two hours after notice in writing left at such jaft jnentioned coal meter's office $ and in cate Vol. XXXV Hh h such

814 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c.84. [1786.

such last mentioned coal metres or coal metre shall neglea or

V r^fufe to attend pursuant to such notice, he or they shall, for

Purchasers to every such offence, forfeit and, pay the sum of five pounds: for

pay 6d. per which re meafprement the purchaser shall pay the principal chaldron for,, ' r., A, r J. r,, r

rc measuring. coal metres or coal metre, appointed or to be appointed by or

in pursuance of the said recited a of the feyenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, and also such other land coal

metre from the city and liberty of Westminster, or fro *1 that

part of the county of Surrey afpresaid, as shall attend such re

measurement, the sum of sixpence each, for every chaldron of

And if, on re coa]s fq re measured; and in case the coals thus re measured

coalsuproven^ not amount to the quantity for which they were sold, then

deficient, the the vendor of such coals shall forfeit and pay, for every bushel

vendor to pay of coals found deficient, the sum of five pounds, and also forfeit

5* fr>r every every chaldron of coals so found deficient or wanting in mear

forfeit the ure t0 anc or ue p9or Par Yvhere; the said

coats, C coals ttiall he fore measured; and.the labouring metre, ond$r whose infpe#ion the coals were first measured, shall, for every bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, which sum, if not paid vvithin five days next after conviction, shall and may be recovered from the persons or person execute Otters who the office of principal land coal metre for the time being: measured to ad the coal porters, who (hal measure the same for the yen, forfeit as. 6d. dor thereof, shall, for every bushel of poals so wanting, forfeit a bushel. and pay the sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

.. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

^feitltres to a£oreca^> That the several penalties and forfeitures imppfed be recovered and to be incurred by virtue of and under this foall and applied, covered and applied in such and the same manner as the penaf as directed by ties and forfeitures, inflicted and directed to he levied by the 7geq. ca. fa'lcj recjte(| at of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, are thereby ordered, directed, and appointed to fie levied, recovered, and applied, respectively.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Public act. That this act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a public acl; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXIV

Jfn act to empower the archbishop of Canterbury, or the archbishop of York, for the time being, to consecrate to the office of a bishop, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majejif s dominions. %

Preamble, WHEREAS, by the lows of this realm, .no person con be V V consecrated to the office of a bishop without the king's licence for his election to that office, and the royal in and ate under the great feol for his confirmation .and consecration: and whereas every person t who ball be consecrated to the said office is required to take the oaths

of allegiance and supremacy, and also the oath of due obedience to the,

archbiffiop :

i 78 6.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 84." 8 i

archbi/hop; and whereas there are diverse persons, subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majeftfs dominions, and inhabiting and residing within the said countries, who profess the public worship of Jlmighty God, according to the principles of the church England, land who, in order to provide a regular fuccefp.on of minijlers for the service of their churchy are desirous of having certain of the subjects or citizens of those countries consecrated bi/hops, according to the form of consecration in the church of England: be it enacted by the The archbf king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con shop of can lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this terbury or present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, er That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may (hops as they be lawful to and for the archbi(hop of Canterbury, or the arch shall think fit bishop of York, for the time being, together with such other t0 max hiffiops as they shall call to their allistance, to consecrate per fubie^tof so fons, being subjects or citizens of countries out of his majesty's reignftates bi dominions, bishops, for the purposes aforesaid, without the shops, without kings licence for their, election, or the royal mandate, under the king's lithe great seal, for their Confirmation and consecration, and efedfonorre without requiring them to take the oaths of allegiance and quiring them supremacy, and the oath of due obedience to the archbishop for to take the the time being. usual oaths;

II Provided always. That no persons shall be consecrated but not with bishops in the manner herein provided, until the archbishop of out first ob canterbury, or the archbishop of York, for the time being, shall

have first applied for and obtained his majesty's licence, by royai licence warrant under his royal signet and sign manual, authorising for perform and empowering hirtv to perform such consecration, and ex lug the confe pressing the name or names of the persons foto be consecrated, cration> nor until the fajd archbishop has been fully ascertained of their fufiiciency in good learning of the soundness of their faith, and of the purity of their manners.

III Provided also, and be it hereby declared, That no person r persons so or persons consecrated to the office of a bishop in the manner consecrated, afpresaid, nor any person or persons deriving their consecration thereby from or under any bishop so consecrated, nor any person or |^fe\hefrof persons admitted to the order of deacon or priest by any bishop ces jn his

or bilhopsfo consecrated, or by the fuccelfor or successors of any majesty's do bishop or bishops so consecrated, shall be thereby enabled to ex minions, ercife his or their respective office or offices within his majesty's dominions.

IV Provided always, and be it further enadlea, That a cer Certificate of tificate of such consecration lhau be given under the hand and ^be^venbr seal of the archbishop who consecrates, containing the name of the aj chbu * the person so consecrated, with the addition, as well of the hope. country whereof he is a subject or citizen, as of the church in

which he is appointed bishop, and the further description of his not having taken the said oaths, being exempted from the obli* gatron of so doing by virtue of this act.

Hhhs CAP.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 85. [1786. CAP. LXXXV

An act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, a51 An act'act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage, and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.

Wr HERE AS the law herein after mentioned, which hath, by experience, been found useful and beneficial, is expired, and it is expedient that so much thereof as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage, be revived and continued subject to the alterations and amendments herein made; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au 6geo. 3'c.45> thority of the same, That an act made in the sixth year of the fate^tctgrant ren of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for allowing a' ing a bounty bounty on the exportation 0/british made cordage, and for difcontinu- on exporta ing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, which was to tionof Bntilh seen force from tfoe say of July, one thousand seven htmv

toe revived rec anc during the term of five years, and from,

andcontinued thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and for four years: which, by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the term of three years; and which, by another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the term of three years, and from thence to the: end of the next session of parliament; and which, by another act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; so far as the same relates to allowing a bounty upon the exportation of British made cordage, (hail, from and after the passing of this act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full force and effect for the further term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, subject to the several amendments, aiterations, regulations, and restrictions, hereinafter provided and expressed.

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the N but no bounty authority aforesaid, That no bounty (hail be allowed or paid, to 1 orda^made any pcr^on or p^fcns whatever, by virtue of this act, upon the fron^ameri 6 exportation of cordage wrought up and manufactured in Great can hemp, nor Britain from hemp of the growth of the British colonies or plantations in America, or of the united states of America, nor for any cordage whatever which shall be exported, unless the quantity thereof shall be three tonnes weight at the least. j

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That, upon the entry of such cordage for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty, the exporter thereof shall make oath that

the

tor any whatever under 3 tonnes weight.

Owner to make oath

Preamble *

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 85.

the same is really and truly intended to be exported as mer that the cord chandize, and not for the uferof the ship during her then voy ?e is really age, or any future voyage; and the matter, or other person hav exportation ing or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in or and the mason board of which such cordage shall be intended to be exported, ter of the shall join in the bond required to be given for the due exporta m

tion of such cordage, or, on failure thereof, no bounty shall be beg^n on allowed or. paid on. the exportation thereof. the occasion.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That nothing in this act, or any other actor acts of parliament Bounty on contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to disallow q^c o rela*\o the bounty on the due exportation of such cordage to any foreign foreign places port or place whatever, except the Isle of Man, but that the to be conti iame shall be, and is hereby directed and required to be paid on nued. such exportation, other than to the lfle of Man.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vessels have ' every ship or vessel, on board of which any cordage shall be a, [ak -

for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty herein of cordage ^ before granted, shall, and is hereby required to have on board for their use, (over and above the quantity entered for exportation) a fufli over the cient quantity of cordage for the use of such ship or vessel, ac ^0ura" X tor pt cording to the nature of the voyage, for which no bounty shall tron^the^ffi be allowed; and such ship or vessel, before clearing at any port cers'to detain of this kingdom, shall be visited by the proper officer or officers them, of the customs at such port, who shall not permit or suffer her to fet sail on her voyage, if it shall appear that there is not on board a sufficient quantity of cordage for the use of such ship or vessel, independent of, and besides the quantity entered for the bounty; and such officer or officers shall be, and is and are hereby authorised and required to detain such ship or vessel, and to prevent her from sailing upon her intended voyage, until there shall be provided a sufficient quantity of cordage for the use of such ship or vessel, according to the nature of the voyage on which such ship or vessel shall be intended to proceed, besides the cordage entered as aforesaid for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty.

VI And, in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arise by encouraging the exportation oj cordage, be it further ena6ted by the authority aforesaid. That no entry shall be permitted to pals for Nocordageto the exportation of any such cordage, or the vessel having on wlthoutacer board such cordage be permitted to go out of port, unless a certificate that it tificate shall be produced, under the hands of the commissioners has been reef his majesty's navy, or any three or more of them, flgnifying fofed by the that such cordage hath been tendered to them for the use of his n&vy board, majesty's dock yards, at the fair and then market price of such

cordage in London, and that the same hath been refused by that

board; and if any person or persons shall pass any entry for Persons pat

such cordage, without having such certificate produced to him

or them, such person or persons shall forfeit and lose the sum of certificate! to,

pne hundred pqunds, forfeit ioal*

H h h 3

CAP,

§1$ Anno vicesimo sexto deorgli 111. C 86. {1785;

CAP. LXXXVI

An nft to explain and amend an act,. made in the sevenih year of bit late Majesty9 s reign, entitled An act.to settle how far owners of ships shall be answerable for the as of the. matters or mariners; and for giving a further relief to the owners of hips.

^r®am^je# WHEREAS, by an act made in thefevehth year of therein cited' ' te "Wf* George the Second entitled, fyp ' a to settle how far owners of ships shall be answerable for the acts of the matters or mariners, '// is amongst other things shacted, That no owner or owners of any hip or vessel Should be liable to ah jwer for or male good to any perjonor per Jons, any loss or damage by reason of any embezzlement, secreting, or making away with by the maser or mariners, or any of them) of any gold, fiver, diamonds„ jewels, precious fones9 or other goods or merchandise, which Should be hipped on board any hip or vessel, or for any act, matter, or ihihg, damage or forfeiture, done, occafmed, or incurred by the said niafter or mariners, or any of them, without the privity and knowledge of such owner or owners, further than the value of the ship or vessel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage wherein such embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, or other malversation of the maser or mariners, Should be made, committed, or done: and whereas' dll maser s or captains, and owners of{hips or vessels, are by law reflectively subject or liable to answer far or make good to any person qr persects, the full value and amount of any goods or merchandise by such person or persons shipped or put on board any ship or vessel, ndt withfanding such goods or merchandise be lof by robbery, fire, or other accident (other than by the King's enemies, the perils of the feasor the act of God), or unless the maser or same of the ship9s company are privy to such robbery, in which case alone the refponfbility of the owners is by the said act limited to. the value of the ship dftd full amount of the freight: and whereas it is of the utmofi confluence and importance to the general welfare of this kingdom, to promote the increase of the number of Ships and vessels, and to prevent any di cowrdgement to merchants 'and others from being interefed and concerned therein, which is likely to happen from the refponfibilily to which they are now exposed, notwithstanding the salutary intention of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the kjng*s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. Owners of and by the authority of the same. That no person or persons .ships not lia wh0; s are? or be owner or owners of any ship or vessel, loss of goods he subjectt or liable to answer for or make good, to any

shipped with one or more person or persons, any loss or damage by reason of out theirpri any robbery, embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, vity, further of any gold, silver, diamonds, jewels, precious (tones, or other f\hehveffe)ue £00(ls or merchandise, which, from and after the first day of 9 September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall he

shipped.

1786.] Anrio vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 86. 8(9

shipped, taken in, or put on board any ship or vessel, or for and the any act, matter, or thing, damage or forfeiture, done, occasioned, or incurredj from and after the passing of this act, with ept'1317 * out the privity and knowledge of such owner or owners, further than the value of the ship or vessel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage wherein such robbery, embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, as aforesaid, shall be made, committed, or done, although the master or mariners shall not be in any wise concerned in or privy to such robbery, embezzlement, secreting, or making away with; any law, iisage, of cuftoin, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no owrier or owners of any ship or vessel shall be subject nor for any pr liable to answer for or make good, to any one or more per occasion tonne or persons, any loss or damage which may happen to any £oarj; re on good or merchandise whatsoever, which, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall be shipped, taken in, or put on board any fitch ship or vessel, by reason or means of any fire happening to or on board the said ship or vessel.

III And whereas disputes may arise, whether the owners or masters of Ships are liable to answer or make good the value or amount of any gold, silvery diamonds, watches jewels, or precious Jlonesy which may be loji after the same have been put on board their ships on freight, without the slippers thereof declaring at the time the value of such goods, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no master, owner or owners, of any ship or vessel, shall nor for loss be subject or liable to answer for, or make good, to any one or f old etc. more person or persons, any loss or damage which may happen to any gold, silver, diamonds, watches, jewels, or precious ping decla stones, which, from and after the passing of this act, shall be ration be shipped, taken in, or put oh board any such ship or vessel, by made of the reason or means of any robbery, embezzlement, making away vatue> ctc# with, or secreting thereof, unless the owner or (hipper thereof shall, at the time of shipping the same, insert in his bill of lacting, or otherwise declare in writing to the master, owner or owners, of such ship or vessel, the true nature, quality, and value of such gold, silver, diamonds, watches, jewels, or precious (tones.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if several freighters or proprietors of any such gold, silver. If produce of diamonds, jewels, precious (tones, or other goods or merchan fkjpjjet c dine, shall suffer any loss or damage by any of the means afore anfwerioffes^ said, in the same voyage (fire only excepted), and the value of it is to be *

, the ship or vessel, with all her appurtenances, and the amount proportional of the freight due or to grow due during such voyage, shall not ^ be sufficient to make full compensation to all and every of e

them, then such freighters or proprietors shall receive their satisfaction thereout in average, in proportion to their respective

ft h h 4 Losses

820

Freighter and owners o? vessels may exhibit bills in equity for discovery of ' amount of Losses and value of vessels, etc.

Act not to leifen the remedy against: mailers and mariners for embezzlement, etc

Public a.

Preamble.

3 Geo. $. C 1 recited ia part.

Annos vicesimo sexto Georgii £178^.

Losses or damages : and in every .such case, itshall and may be lawful to and for such freighters or proprietors, or any of them on behalf of himself and all other such freighters or proprietors, of to and for the owners of such ship or vessel, pr any of thetp, on behalf of himself and all the other part owners of such ship or vessel, to exhibit a bill in any court of equity for a discovery of the total ambunt of such Losses or damages, and also of the value of such ship or vessel, appurtenances, and freight, and for an equal distribution and payment thereof amongst fuqh freigliters, or proprietors, in proportion to their respective Losses or damages, according to the rules of equity: provided always. That if any such bill shall be exhibited by or on the behalf of the part owners of such ship, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall annex an affidavit to such bill 01; bills, that he or they do not collude with any of the defendants thereto; and shall thereby offer to pay the value of such ship or vessel, appurtenances, and freight, as such court shall directs; and such court shall thereupon take such method for ascertaining such value as to them shall seem just, and shall direct the payment thereof In like manner as is now used apd pracftifed in cases of bills of interpleader. 1

V Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&e^j, That pothing in this, prefer aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, lessen, or discharge any remedy which any person or persons now hath, or shall or may hereafter have, against all, every, or any the matter and mati pers of such ship or vessel, for or in respect of any embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, any gold, silver, diamonds, jewels, precious stones, or merchandise, shipped or loaded on board such ship or vessel, or on account of any fraud, abuse, or rhalverfation of and in such master and mariners re fpediively; but that it shall and may be lawful to apd for every person or persons so injured or damaged, to pursue and take such remedy for the same, against the said master and mariners refpe<suveiy as he or they might have done before the making of this ah

VI And be it further enabled, That this a! shall be a public act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, hy all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being fpeciajly pleacted,

CAP. LXXXVII

An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the Jiate and condition of the woods, forejis, and land revenues, belonging to the crown \ and to sell or alienate fee farm, and other unirnproveable rents.

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of the provijions contained in an at of the first year of your Mujejlfs reign, entitled, f An act for the fuppert of his ivfajesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of gr'^at Britain, the moneys

: ' firijirig

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C SJ. 821

arising by rents of lands, and fines for. leases of the same, and the; moneys arising from the small branches' and revenues in the said act ' mentioned (except the revenue, of the duchy. of Cornwall) are directed, during your Majesty s life, to be carried to, and made part of the general or abrogate fund ejiablijbed by. an act of the first year * of the reign of Xing George the First, and applied as part of the said fund: and whereas.your Majesty is seized: of several extenfwe forefis, chases, parks, warrens, mar sees, fens, derelift lands, and wqflesy situate in England and' Wales, which are capable, under proper regulations, of hieing improved and rendered more beneficial - to your Majesty and to the public: and whereas your Majesty, from a tender regard and concern for the welfare of your people, hath, been graciously pleased to express your desire, that an inquiry Should be ..made into the state and condition of the woods, forefis, and land revenues belonging to the crown, in order that the same may be rendered as .beneficial and productive as pojjible, and hath recommended to your parliament to take this object into, their confederation, and to make such provision thereupon as they Should judge to be mofi for the public .benefit: we, therefore, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken your majesty's mod gracious message into our serious consideration, do mod humby beseech your Majesty that it may be enadt edj and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commpns, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, sir Charles Middleton commiflicm baronet, John Call esquire, and Arthur Holdfworth esquire, shall ersappointed* be, and are hereby condituted commissioners for examining and inquiring into the date, management, produce, and expenditure of the said rents of lands, and fines for leases of the same, and other moneys arising from the said small branches of revenue. herein before mentioned; and into the date, produce, management, extent, and value, of all the honours, cactes, lord/hips,

. forests, chases, parks, warrens, manors, royalties, feigniories, messuages, wills, demesne and other lands, tenements, tithes, mines, minerals, colheries, woods, wood grounds, fens, marshes, derelidt and wade lands, and services, within the survey of his majesty's exchequer, and appertaining and belonging to the crown of Great Britain, situate apd being in England and Wales or either of them; and into all such subsiding leases, patents, and other grants of the said honours and premises respectively, as contain any express saving, exception, or reservation to the crown, of any rights or intereds, in possession, feversion, or contingency 5 and into all and all manner of rights and privileges claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within, qv£r, and upon his majesty's said foreds, chases, parks, warrens, woods, fens, marshes, and derelict and waste lands respectively 5 and into all. fuhfifting offices, places, and employments, edablilhed or created for the management of the said foreds, chases, parkis, apd gthef the Jaqded eftat^s, land revenue nd fipall branches, a' ' ' foresaida

lit

who are to snake inquiry r and report to his Majesty and parliament their progress.

commissioners to take the oath following

Aeon of oath.

coramission ers to meet where they think most convenient, examine wit ncffes upon oath, appoint officers, q.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 87. [1786.

foresaid* refpefiively, or in anywise connected therewith, and this annual expense of the same: and the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take into their confideta tkm the information which they shall procure or receivri upon such examinations auid inquiries, and within fourteen days after the commencement bf every fefcon of parliament, and from time to time, when and so often as they conveniently eah or may, (and without any special or other requisition to be made to them for that purpose), certify arid report in Writing, under their hands and seals, unto the king's majesty and both houses Of parliament, what progress they shall have made in the execution of the trusts and powers of this aci, together With such ©bfervations as shall occur to them, arid fugged such plans, rules, regulations, means, and methods, for the difpdfal and alienation, or for the future management and improvement of the said landed estates and poflfeffioris, and for the protection, increase, and supply of timber on the said forests, chases, arid aether lands of the crown, for the use of the royal navy, of for redfeffing any abuses in the management of the said landed ef* fates, and the collection and due answering of the revenues of the same, or other small branches of revenues aforesaid, as the said commissioners shall think bell calculated for rendering the said landed estates and pofiessions of the crown, and the revenues arising therefrom, and other small branches aforesaid, most productive arid advantageous to his Majesty and the public.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said commissioners, before they shall be capable Of acting in the execution of this a CL shall several ty take and fubferibb an oath j before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the chief baron or one of the other barons of the court of exchequer, to the effect following $ (that is to say):

I A. B. do J: wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and hoheft ly, according to the bejl of my kill and judgement, execute the federal powers and trusts reposed in me by an act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled. An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the Rate and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee farm and other urt improveable rents according to the tenor and purport of the said a fit.

So help me G 0

Which oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed of record in the office of the King's remembrancer of the said court.

III And for the better execution of this act, be it further eriactv ed, That the said commissioners shall have power to meet and sit, from time to time, in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment; and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for such witness as they shall think necessary to examine for the better

Anno vicfefirtfo ftxtb georgii III C 87. 823

ter discovery and finding out any of thb matters or things By this act directed to Be inquired and examined into by them, and io examine such witnesses, upon oath, touching and concerning such discovery and disclosure (which oath they are hereby aii thorifed to admiriifter); and also shall and may appoint arid employ so many clerks and officers, and allow them, with the cbri sent and approbation of the lord high treasurer, or the corii niiffioners of the treasury, for the time being, in writing, under his of their hand or harids, such reasonable salaries as the said commissioners appointed by this act shall think meet; and shall and may give and administer to every of such clerks arid officers 'an oath, for his true and faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance of the trusts reposed in him by the said commissioners, and in all other things touching the premises; and frorri time to time, at their difcfetion, to difmils and discharge such clerks and officers, and appoint others in their jilace: and the said clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trusts in them several ly and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such service, other than such salaries as the said commissioners shall direst and appoint, and such fees as they shall be authorised to take by virtue of this act: provided always, that if the said commissioners andmaym^ke shall require the attendance of any person or persons, for the satisfaction to purpose of procuring any information by .this act directed to be such expen 1* procured, and such person or persons shall be called for that pur ce p ' pose from his or theif usual place or places of reildence, the said commissioners shall, at their discretion, make a reasonable satisfaction to such person and persons for his and their time and ex perices bn those occasions.

IV And) for tjpe better accomplishment of the purposes aforesaid,, it further enacted. That the said commissioners shall have commission full power and authority to call before them the several survey er? may exa" qrs, auditors, and receivers of the said fevetal revenues, and their th^officertof deputies, and all other officers and persons concerned in the the land re ‘management, collection, and receipt thereof, and to examine venues, may them upon oath, (which oath the said commissioners are hereby infpe<^ authorised to administer } or concerning the said ef aaual tates, possessions, arid revenues, and every or any part of the ones to be same, and the extent, date, and value thereof, or any fees, fa made, laries, stipends, annuities, or other payments, issuing out of the lame, or chargeable thereon, or touching r concerning any Other matter or thing relating to the premises aforesaid $ further, that the said commissioners shall have full power and authority to peruse, inffieft, arid have copies of all and Angular the surveys, maps, plans, rentals, inqutfitioris, terriers, vacations, particulars, counterpart's and entries of leases, patents, reports, accounts, and other written documents, relating to or ' concerning any of the lands, or possessions of the crown, or the rents and profits of the same, and other small branches aforesaid, in the coftody or power of whatever public officer or of j fice the same may be, without payb$flt of any see of reward for

8 $4

Chancellor, fe of the exchequer laav order e^fiaraffsons to persons, to make forveys, ' to exan&ine f if, do limits of fiwrd&s, (See

I'erfons claiming prt* Ttieges to deliver their claims; to the commifittoa* zx&>

Anna yjqprfimo sexto Georctii JIL C $7.

fth$<. bffidu$iqnj^; and also to cause to be

jpcude, by7praaicalvand xompeteqt.jaod surveyors, adiual fuf. vey maps, pl^n^ and valuations of suck of the said forests, chases, parks, andothor lands andpoffettionsof the crown, as the said commiffiqners shall find necessary and expedient and to examine all and every of such surveyors upon oath, (which oath the said cpmmissioners are hereby empowered to administer), of and concerning the truth and correctness of their said respecsive/urveys, or any matter or thing done or certified by such surveyors respectively, of and Concerning the premises committed to tfieir charge.

V And wherffy.it may be found necessary by the said commiffianersy in tbfi execution of this act, and for the better accomplishment of the ends and purposes thereof and more particularly for discovering the extent and limits of his majesty's forests and chases, and other lands that cmmijfions of inquiry Should be awarded for those purposes;; it therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the chancellor and barons of the exchequer for the time being, and the said chancellor and barons are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, upon motion to them made by the said commissioners for that purpose, to order and dire one or mare''commi(eon or commissions to be awarded and issued, under the fealpf the exchequer, directed unto such able and experienced persons as the said court shall nominate for that purpose, for authoring and impowering the persons to be so named, or so many of them as the said chancellor and barons shall think fit, to make surveys and perambulations, and to call before them, and examine upon oath, any witness or witnefies, and to inquire into, examine, try, di (cover, and ascertain, by verdict and inquest, on the oaths of lawful men, to be duly im pannelled by the proper (lieriff, according to the tenor and effect of such respective commissions, the several limits, boundaries, extent, and values of.the forests, chases, or other lands, to which such commissions shall respectively relate, and all such other matters and particulars which in and by such commissions shall be refpe$ively directed to be inquired of or examined into.

VI Andy to the end that the future improvements to be made in the land revenue of the crown may be effected without prejudice or vex ation. to the subject claiming rights, privilegej, or eafementsy iq through, or aver any of his Majejlfs said forejlsy chases y parks, war rensy mar/bes> fens, derelict landsy and wajles; be it further enacted, That all persons shall be at liberty to deliver their respective: claims of rights, privileges, or easements, in, through, or over any of his majesty's said forests, chases, parks, warrens, marfti es, fens, derefidl lands, and wastes, to the said commissioners of the land revenue, who shall gaufe the same to be entered arid preserved among their proceedings, or may appear before the commissioners to be named in any such commission as aforesaid, to be issued by the said gourt of exchequer, during their sitting upon such commission, and make their respective claims before such commissioners who shall receive the same, and tnakg a rf-

* " - turn

‘hosted by

1786.] ' Anno vicesimo sexto georgiiiii.c. 87.- 8igr

turn thereof in their general return to the said commissioners appointed by this act....? J

VII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every commilfiaa person to be named in such commifiiori asaforesaid, shall be f18 appointed fore he proceeds to ad in the execution thereof take and subscribe an oath, before any other two of the persons named in exchequer" to the same commission, faithfully ' to execute the same, and the take an oath trusts thereof, without favour or affedioh, and according to the tofaithfuljy^ best of his skill and judgement 3 which oath the persons so named, and every two of them, are hereby authorised and im - * powered to adminrfter to each other respectively.

Vni. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, Treasury to or the commissioners of the treasury, ‘for the tirfte being, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue to the said ^rs.money to commissioners appointed by this act, by Way of impressed, and"pay balances upon account, out of any of the public moneys remaining in his and take fur majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums, not exceeding in thev€y8* ^ whole the sum of two thousand pounds in any one year, tbbe.,

by them employed in the payment of the aforesaid salaries of there *.

clerks and officers by them employed in the execution of this act; and shall also, from time to time, issue to the said commissioners appointed by this act, out of the moneys' aforfefaidil such further sums as shall be necessary to defray theexpencesof taking any surveys or valuations, or issuing and executing com, millions of surveys and inquiry, and other contingent and actual charges, which shall be by them necessarily incurred in the carrying the purposes of this act, and the inquiries thereby di rede into execution.

IX And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance No timber m

of this act, no sale shall be made of any of his majesty's timber thj: fa so* or wood, within or upon any of his majesty's Forests, chases, ^.

parks, or other grounds whatsoever, by any of his majesty's out a warrant surveyors or keepers, or by any other persons intruded with the of the trea care thereof, unless by fperial warrant to be i filled for that pur fury.

pose by the lord high treasurer, dr the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, upon requisition to them made by the said commissioners appointed by this act.

X And whereas,. by virtue of an act passed in the twenty feconi

year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intitu %% Car. 2. ledy An act for advancing the sale of fee farm rents and other C 6; and rents, and of an act faffed in the twenty second and twenty-third Car,

years of the reign of the same King, entitled An act for vesting rem

certain fee farm rents, and other small rents, in trustees, all see 1

farm rentsy rents servicey rents feck or dry rentsy chauntry rentsy guild rentsy cajlle guard rents > and other servicesy within the survey of the exchequer (except as therein excepted) were vejled in certain trustees in the said last mentioned act named, and their heirs, in order to be by themfoldy conveyedy and disposed ofy according to the directions and instructions of the same aftsy or one of them 5 with a prcvifo in the said lost mentioned act containedy that until sale Should be made of the said rents, the receiver or receivers general Should and might receive,

: collect

C Dgle

II Anno vid$mp fejttogegrgji ju.ct$p [17$^

and gather the faryte: and whereas, under and by virtue of the said two recited a bis, the greater part of the large rents within the jurvey of the cnurt of exchequer were sold by the said trustees, and the residue thereof, now remaining in charge at the exchequer, confijl chiefly of very [mail rents, the collection and payment whereof is a great arid constant charge to the crown, and troublesome and vexatious to the subject and it is therefore expedient that the same Should be and such parts fad: be it therefore further enacted. That the said two several a relate to recited acts of the twenty second and twenty second and twenty rents within third years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the southeast th furiey °*\ cond, and the letters patent in the said acts mentioned, so far vefted^fruf as ^ame as or letters patent relate to or concern any fee tees, and not farm or other rents within the survey of the exchequer, by or by them sold, under and by virtue of the same acts veiled in the faicjj trustees, toe repeal atl(j not by them sold or disposed of, or the appropriation of the the money to arise by sale thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed and vacated.

XI And be it further enacted. That all the said fee farm and other rents, within the survey of the exchequer, by or under or by virtue of the said two several recited acts, or either of them, veiled in the said trustees, and not by them sold or disposed of, shall be, and are hereby declared to be in the actual feiziri and possession of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as the same would or could have .been if the said acts and the said letter s patent, or any of them, had not been made.

XII And be it further enacted, Tfeat ft ihaft ?nd may see er may agree lawful to and for the said commissioners appointed fey this act rst^uh f to'contract and agree with any person or persons, or any bodies baste prices politic or corporate, for the sale of any fee farm rents, rents they can pro services, rents feck, quit rents, chauntry rents, guild rents, castle cure, not be guprd rents, vifcontiel rents, and other dry, fixed, and unim mg under, the proveable rents, due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or ing^8viz.°w* successors, within, the furyey hnd receipt of his majesty's exche

* * quer, at or for the bed prices or considerations, in money, which

the said commissioners shall be able to procure for the same, not being less, for any rent amounting to or exceeding one ifeilling per annum, than after the several rates of purchase following; (that is to say).

CD

and the said rents to be vested in his Majesty.

Commission

For rents of 108. per anhand upwards, years purchase of the net amount. From 5 8. to 108. per ann. az years purchase.

From is. and under 5s. zp years pur? chase.

For any rent amounting to fen Shillings per annum, or upwards, not less than twenty-four years purchase of the net a mount thereof, after deducing the land, tax chargeable thereon: For any rent amounting to five Shillings per annum, and being under ten Shillings 'per annum, not less than twenty-two years purchase of the gross amount thereof:

And for any rent amounting to' one shilling per annum, and being under five Shillings per annum, not less than twenty years purchase of the gross amount thereof.

Xlllr Provided always, and be it further enacted,, the

immediate

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto geo&gi i TII. C 87. 8ty

immediate owners of the lands of hereditaments whereout any Owners of tie rents hereby made saleable are issuing or payable, shall be pre have

ferred in the purchase thereof tp all others, so that such owners ence^in pur shall refpe<$ively pay and discharge all arrears of rent due from chasing the them, and tender themselves in person, or By agent, before the rents on cer said cpimniffioners hereby appointed to contrail for the purin cofldi chafe thereof, before the first day of January, one thousand fe on, # ven hundred and eighty eight.

XIV And, for facilitating the conveyance .of the aforesaid rents to, the respective pur chasers thereof at a ftnall ex pence, and to relieve the said commijffioners from the charge and account of the purchase moneys: be it further enacted, That the governor and directors of comjni|&qti the bank 6f England shall, and they are hereby required to open ers *? certify an account in their books with the said commissioners hereby the bank5who appointed, under the title of Commissioners for the Land Revenue, are to receivp and carry to the credit of such account the several moneys by the purchase this act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the bank; andand whefrsoever the said commissioners shall have contracted with any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, for the Talc on the certifi of any rent or rents, the said commissioners shall grant unto the cates, which purchaser or purchasers thereof a certificate under their hands, bin? specifying the rent or rents so contracted for, and the amount audttor of the df the purchase money to be paid for the same; and the said jan(j revenue, cashiers of the bank, or one of them, shall, upon the produc is to give portion of such certificate, accept and receive from such purchaser ^effiori of acor purchasers the purchase moneys therein specified, and at the r€nt®* foot of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said moneys, without fee or reward; and the said certificate and receipt shall be afterwards brought to the office of the auditor of the land revenue, and be by him forthwith enrolled in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose, separate and apart from the other business and proceedings of his office; and thp said auditor, having enrolled the said certificate and receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the same under his hand, and return the said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers; and from and immediately after such enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective purchasers of such rents, and their heirs or successors, shall, by force of this abe adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the adfcual seizin and possession of the rents so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all clain\s and demands which can or may be made by his majesty, his heirs or fuccefibrs, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, or any of his majesty's royal aqceftorsor predecessors, or by, from, or under. the said trustees, or any of them, or the heirs of the survivor of them, and of and from all manner of encumbrances whatsoever, heretofore made or charged upon the same rents, and a9 fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as his Majesty, his bfeirs or successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the me; and shall have and enjoy all and Angular the powers, rey medies,

I

818 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii uhcb 87." [

medies, benefits, and advantages for the recovery thereof, gr- venor allowed to the purchasers.of rents in and by the said re cited as of the twenty second and twenty second and twenty-third years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, in as large and ample manner and form as if such 'pur chases had been made of, and the said rents conveyed by, the trustees appointed or authorised in and by or under and by virtue > of the same acts, or either of them. "

Coromission XV And whereas some of the said rents hereby dir elded to be sold ers may comare greatly in arrear, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments+' a^earsf°but Ut f ™bich be fams are may ^av8 been purchased or come

notforvlefs into the hands of the present owners of the said lands and her edit a futn than is ments, without their having had the means of knowing or being ap' ' by the prized of the said rents and arrears payable for the same; be it there

ers of fends" ore ^urt^er enacted> That it shall and may be lawful for 80 an 8# said commissioners hereby appointed, with the consent and approbation of the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, in writing, under his or their' hand of hands, to accept such pecuniary composition of the persons who shall become purchasers of any rent or rents; in ar * - as, under all the circiimftances of the case, shall be ecjui ^

table and just, so that such composition be not less than the a nciount of the arrear or arrears of rent which shall have accrued from the present owners respectively of the lands, tenements, ' and possessions, out of which, or in respect whereof, such rent or rents are or may be issuing or payable. -

Certificate to XVI And be it further enacted, That the certificates to be be granted on granted by the said commissioners, on the sale of any rent or the sale of rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the words following, or lows fql" as near t^ieret0 as may be 5 (that is to say,)

Form of cert) Y the commiffmers of the land revenue -- -- -- -- These are to certificate.

jlj tify, That the said commissioners have contracted and agreed*with* A. B. for the sale to him of all that rent of issuing and payable cut of[briefly describing the lands or hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by..

at or for the price or sum of - of lawful

snoney of Great Britain, to be paidjy the said A. B. into the bank England, in the name of the said commissioners. [And in the case of subsisting lease, then the words following are to be addled] subjefl nevertkelefsto a lease thereof, granted under the great feab of Great Britain, [or, the seal of his Majesty's exchequer, as the case may be, ] bearing date the day of

one ]thousand seven hundred and unto

for a term of years, which will expire

on or about the day of

Given under the bands of the said commissioners, the day of

Certificates to Which said certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, be witaefled. as to the (igning thereof by the said commissioners of the land

revenue.

i?86.] anno vlcfeflmo sexto georgii III C 87.' 829

revenue, by one of their principal clerks or other officers : and that the receipts to be given or subscribed by the cashier of the bank, at the'foot or on the back of such certificate respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the words and figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

RECEIVED rfo day of ^formofre

thousand seven hundred of and from A. B. ceipt to be

the Jum of of lawful money of Great Britain, tb

being the confederation money exprefid in the above [or within] writ..

ten certificate.

Witnefe my handy

(Signed) E. F. cajhier*

Which said certificates and receipts, being enrolled as aforesaid Certificates shall effectually discharge the said purchasers, or other persons to n^nrol^ 1 whom the same shall be so given and granted, of and from the ^ to " purchase or consideration money therein respectively expressed, charge pur and such purchasers or other persons shall never afterwards be chasers front liable to or called upon, sued, troubled, molested, or question consideration fed, for or in respect of such purchase or consideration money, money er any part thereof.

XVII And be it further enabled. That the certificates and Certificates, receipts hereby directed to be given, shall be made forth and en ™ued°am: he" rolled at the expense of the persons entitled to or requiring the expense of same, for which certificate such fees shall be paid (exclusively of the parties, the expense of (lamps, parchment, and enrolling) as the said forwhichfuch commissioners shall direct and establish, in proportion to the the C

value of the rent to be sold, so that no greater fee be paid for commiffioti any one certificate than twenty Shillings; and if the certificate ers shall di be for more rents than one, a further see shall be paid for every C rent, not exceeding one fourth of the see taken for the highest rent included in the same certificate which said fees shall be received by, and distributed amongst, the officers and clerks of the said commissioners, in such manner and proportion as they shall direct $ and the like fees as aforesaid, and no more, shall be taken by, and paid to, the auditor of the land revenue, for the enrolment of the said certificates and receipts.

XVIII And be it further enacted. That where the confi If considers deration money contracted to be paid for any purchase or dif e™on^ charge whatsoever, authorised to be made by this at, shall ex tbec^rhficate ceed the sum of ten pounds, the certificate of the said commis to be then on fioners shall be written on parchment, stamped or notified with astamp, such a (lamp duty as is required by law for the common conveyances, of lands, and no other damp shall be requisite for the cashier's receipt for such consideration money; and where such consideration money shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, the said certificates shall or may be written on parchment, without any other (lamp duty than such as shall by law be requisite foj the cashier's receipts.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if VPZ.. XXXV I i i an

830

If certificate be not procured, and consideration money paid, etc.in 14 days, contracts to be void, etc.

Moneys paid

treasury.

Anno vicesimo fetfto Georgii IIL C £7. {1786.

any person .or persons, with whom the said commissioners (hail contract for any of the premises by this act authorised to be sold, discharged, or extinguished, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the commissioners certificate of his, her, or their contract, or shall neglect to pay into the bank: the consideration money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to enrol such certificate, and the cashier's receipt for the said money, with the auditor of the land revenue, according to the directions of this act, for the space of fourteen days, to be computed from the day on which such contract shall have been made, the said contract shall be null and void, and the consideration money, if paid into the bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said commissioners shall, for any reasonable cause to them shewn for the omission of such enrolment, order the said certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such cause being shewn, they are hereby authorised to order accordingly.

XX And he it further enacted, That all and every sum and into the bank sums of money, which shall be paid into the hank of England to be laid out un(jer Qr by virtue of this a CL shall from time to time be laid cent econfol8 out the order of the said commissioners hereby appointed, andtheinte * in the purchase of three per centum consolidated bank annuities, rest paid as di in the names of the said commissioners, in which name the go rected by the

vernor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, or stock foto be purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by the commissioners appointed by this act, for and in the name of the lord high treasurer of England, and the said commissioners are hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the annuities foto be purchased and accepted, shall remain inverted in the name of the lord high ireafurer^ or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, for the time being, and shall not be transferred or, transferable without the authority of parliament; but all the interest: of the said annuities or yearly dividends hall be from time to time paid by the said governor and company into the hands of such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, by warrant or power of attorney under the hand and seal of the lord high treasurer, or of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, and shall, by force and virtue of this act, be deemed and taken in law to be part of the said land revenues of the crown, and shall be from time to time ahfwer ed, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the same uses and purposes as the land revenues of the crown now are or would hereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated, in case this act had not been made.

XXI And) for the furtherance and more perfect accompli/hment of the purposes of this act) be it further enacted, That all and Angular persons, who by virtue of any office or employment by

rcvcuuc them held tinder the crown, have been intruded, since his ma who aa^not jesty's accession, with the receipt of any moneys arising by rents ij}>taia a quie of his majesty's lands, or by fines of tfiq fitme, or by any of the

fov

Persons receiving any part of the land revenue

17&&] Anrio vifitefimb sexto Georgii Ilf. e. 87.

said fniall branches of revenues before mentioned (sheriffs only excepted), or with money arising by sale of any of his majesty's woods or timber in England or jvales, and whose several and respective accounts have riot been declared and quietus eji obtained thereon, or shall not be so declared before the first day of Augufli one thousand seven hundred and, eighty seven, and also the heirs, representatives, and sureties of any such persons intruded as aforefgid, and now deceased, whose accounts are depending and unsettled, and who shall not, within the time aforesaid, procure such accounts of the deceased accomptants to be made up and declared in due form of law, shall, and they are hereby several ly enjoined and required to deliver such respective accounts of their receipts and expenditure, with their vouchers for the same, unto the said commissioners appointed by thisvad, who shall thereupon proceed to take such order and course as they shall think fit for the doling, adjusting, and liquidating the same accounts, by or before the auditor of the land revenue, in whose charge and audit such unsettled accounts may happen to be respectively; and if any default shall be made by any of the persons or parties aforesaid, in the bringing before the said commissioners such unsettled accounts and such vouchers as aforesaid, within such time or times as the said commissioners jhereby appointed shall limit and appoint for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, arid .they are hereby required, under their hands and seals, to certify the same, and the circumstances thereof, to the chancellor and barons of the exchequer for the time being, who shall thereupon .award and ifliie forth such processes against the said defaulters as the nature of the case shall require, and the said court think expedient; and in cases of wilful default made in the delivery of any accounts or vouchers, by any of the particular receivers of .the rents of the crown, or in the payment of any balance due from them, or any of them, upon the foot of their accounts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners hereby appointed, by writing under their hands and seals, to suspend any of such receivers from the further receipt of any rents or revenues in their cplledion, so that every such suspension shall be forthwith certified by the said Commissioners unto the chancellor and barons of the exchequer, who shall and may direct any pther person pr persons to collect and receive the rents and revenues in the charge of the receiver or receivers so suspended, nd (o take and enjoy the salaries, and other sees and emoluments of office, appertaining to such receipt and collection, during the continuance of such suspension, *, every such suspension shall remain and continue in full force until the said chancellor and barons by their order, to be made upon the fubmif json of the party or parties so suspended to account for and pay the balance due from him or them, shall think, fit, or direct, to Jake off and difepntinue the same $ any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII aid be it further enacted. That if any person who I i i 2 shall

831

tus before Aug. i, 1787, to deliver theiraccpunts to the edm mifiioners to be liquidated.

Processes to be issued a giinft defaulters herein

and if the default be wilful, the commissioners may fufpetid them, etc.

His Majesty to appoint commission

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 87. [1786. Perforis make * shall be examined upon oath or affirmation, or shall.make any oathis incur a®davit K deposition, on oath or affirmation, touching or corx the penalties cerning any of the matters or things by this act directed tp of wilful per be done or inquired into, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully jury. fwearingor affirming to any matter or thing, which, if the same

had been sworn or affirmed in any cause. or suit depending in any of his majesty's courts, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur the same penalties and forfeitures as by the laws and statutes of this realm are provided against per fans con vied of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXIII And be it further enacted, That if the said commissioners

appointed by this actor either of them shall decline com minion -.,, r \

ers in place oft ac in t "e execution of the powers and trusts hereof, or, such as may having begun to act therein, shall depart this life during the die, or decline continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for to act. his jviajesty5 by warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual,

to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or commissioners for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commissioners so declining to a & or dying as aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit, and so often as such case (hali happen; and the person or persons so constituted and appointed by his Majesty, having first qualified to act by taking and fub feribing the oath hereinbefore provided and directed, shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as are given oir delegated by this act unto the said commissioner or commissioners constituted by this act respectively.

XXIV And be it further enacted and declared, That the appointments of commissioners in the land revenue, made or

'mission not to authorised to be made by this act, shall not be deemed or taken vacate a seat t0 foe within the intent or purview of an act of the sixth year of or dffqual'ify re'sn f Queen Anne, ' entitled. An act for the security of her ‘ * Majesty s person and government, and of the successton of the crown

of Great Britain in the Protejlant line, whereby to vacate the seat in parliament of either of the commissioners hereby appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, by virtue of this actor to disqualify any such commissioner from being elected, or sitting, or voting as a member of the house of commons.

XXV Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing II this act contained shall extend to give unto the said commissioners hereby appointed any power or ‘authority to make any inquiry into, or qtherwife to interfere with, any of his majesty's royal palaces, or any houses occupied by any of the royal family, ortheforests, parks, lands, or grounds of his Majesty, adjoining or contiguous to and occupied with any of such pajaces or houses respectively, uniefs in obedience to any commands of his Majesty, to be for that purpose signified under his majesty's royal sign manual.

XXVI And be it further enacted. That this act shall commence from and immediately after it shall have received his majesty's royal assent, and shall continue in force for the term of

- ttoss

Appointment to the corn

from being elected.

Commissioners not to be hereby authorised to inquire into royal palaces or adjoining lands.

Commencement and continuance of this act.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 88, 89; 93$

three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session pf parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the most. honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton aijd Thomas Carlton, fons of the [aid sir Guy Carlton, in confederation of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious message to Preamble, your faithful commons, has been pleased to signify your defere of conferring a feigned mark of your royal favour on sir Guy Carlton knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the important services performed by him to your Majesty and this country, and for that purpose to grant to lady Maria Carlton, zvife of the said sir Guy Cariton, and to Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, fons of the said sir Guy Carlton, for their several lives an annuity of one thousand pounds per annum; but it not being in. your Majesty9 s power to grant the same, or to settle the said annuity for so long a term, recommended it to the house of commons to consider of a proper method of enabling your Majesty to grant the said annuity, and of settling and securing tb?fame in the most effectual manner, esy.

Lady Maria Cariton, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, to receive an annuity of X oool. for their lives, from Jan. i, 1785. Treasury to direct the auditor of the exchequer to make out debentures for the said annuity without fee. Annuity not to be determinable on the demise of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by death, or removal, or any lord of the treasury, or the determination of their refpettive office. No see to be required anywhere on account of the annuity. Receipt of lady Maria Carlton, Guy Carlton, or Thomas Carlton, respectively, to be a sufficient discharge for payment of the annuity, which is to be free of all taxes, and if neglected to be paid, officers of the exchequer may be sued.

CAP. LXXXIX

An act to explain, amend, and extend to other fools and utensils, an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prejent majesty, entitled, An adfc to prohibit the exportation to foreign parts of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and fteei manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas.

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the last fejfeon of parliament. Preamble, (entitled. An act to prohibit the exportation to foreign rec^ink parts of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and fteei ma ^ 4 nufadtures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing*of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas), it was, amongst other things, enacted. That if any person or persons in Great Britain Should? upon My pfiutm

JM3 1yhaftwa

Afino vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 89. f 1.78&t

whatever, export, load, or put on board, or pack, or eaufe or procure to be laden, put on board, or paeked, in order to be laden or put ort board of any fbip or vessel which Should be bound to some port or place in parts beyond the seas, (except to Ireland); or should lade, or eaufe or procure to be laden, on board any boat or other vessel, or Should bring, or eaufe to be brought, to any quay, wharf, or other place, in order to be so laden or put on board any fitch ship or vessel, any tool or utensil therein particularly mentioned, or any other tool of utensil whatever which then were, or at any time or times thereafter Should or might be, used in, or proper for the pieparing, working, finijhing, or completing of the iron or fieel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, by what name or names soever the same Should be called or.

4 known *, or any model or plan, or models or plans, of any such tool,

utensil or implement, or any part or parts thereof, the person or per jons fooffending Should, for every such offence, forfeit and lose allfutb took or utenfih, or parts or parcels thereof, together with the packages, and all other goods packed therewith: and whereas the general) prohibition of the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and fletl manufactures of this kingdom may be productive of inconvenience; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituar and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afleitt' From July io, bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after 1786, such the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty too s u ed in ^ lt ^a]j an(j may be lawful to export from Great Britain tet the British islands in the Wefi Indies, or toany other foreign part or place whatever, any tools or utensils made use of in the iron or steel manufactures of this kingdom, which might have been legally exported before the passing of the before recited at, (except the several articles herein after particularly enumerated; patting recited that is to say, Roliers, either plain, grooved, or of any other ad, except form or denomination, of call: iron, wrought iron, or steel, for hereln^fpeci of iron, or any sort of metals, and frames, beds, pil

fed, Iars> ferews, pinions, and each and every implement, tool, or

utensil thereunto belonging; roliers, flitters, frames, beds, piliars, and ferews, for slitting, mills presses of all sorts in iron, steel, or other metals, which are used with a ferew exceeding one inch and an half in diameter; or any parts of these several articles, or any model or models of any of the before mentioned utensils, implements, and machines, or any part or parts thereof; and all sorts of utensils, engines, or machines used in the calling or boring of cannon, or any sort of artillery, or any parts thereof, or any model or models of tools, utensils, engines, or machines used in calling or boring of cannon, or any sort of artillery, or any parts thereof; hand ftampsj dog head (lamps pulley (lamps, hammers and anvils, for damps, presses of all sorts called Cutting'out Presses, beds and punches tq be used 'therewith; piercing presses of all sorts, beds and punches to be used therewith, either in parts or pieces, or fitted together; fcor ing or (hading engines, presses for horn buttons, dies for horn buttons, rolled metal with silver thereon, parts of buttons not

"' ' " * - fitted

the iron and steel manufactures, etc. may be exported, as might have been before

ij86.j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.90, gu

fitted up into'buttons, or in an unfinished date; engines for chasing, (locks for calling buckles, buttons, and rings; die sinking tools of all sorts, engines for making button (hanks, laps of all sorts, tools for pinching of glass, engines for covering of whips, bars of metal covered with gold or silver, burnlfhing tones commonly called Blood Stones, either in the rough (late or finished for use); anything in the said recited act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the tenth day or July, one thousand seven p^rfon to hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for any person or fe^o^with persons, in the kingdom of Great Britain, to export to parts be intent to ex yond the seas, (except to ireland}f or to have in his or their pof port (except session with the intent foto export, any of the tools and utensils to inland), herein after mentioned; that is to say. Wire moulds for making a^deshere paper; wheels made of metal, (lone, or .wood, for cutting, jn specified roughing, smoothing, polishing, and engraving glass; purcelias, pincers, (heers, and pipes, ufecf in blowing glass; potters wheels nd potters lathes for plain, roundi apd for engine turning tools, used by fadlers, harness makers, and bridle makers, namely, cantle firainers, side strainers, point strainers, creasing Rec; te(j irons, screw creafers, wheel irons, seat irons, pricking irons so^/as re bolftering irons, clams, head knives; and that the said recited lates to exact, so far as the same concerns the exporters or pofleflors of porters of ar the tools and utensils therein enumerated or described, shall ex ei^umera^ed11 tend, or be construed to extend, to all and every the exporters to or poffeflbrs of the tools and utensils herein enumerated and exporters of described, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same articles fpeci were repeated and re enacted in the body of this act. fid in this

III And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue continuance in force until the end of the next session of parliament, and nd of this act. longer.

An act for repeating (b much of an act, passed in the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt 5 and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul fact, to be used in manuring of lands, as relates to the obtaining rock salt, or salt rock, or brine, or seawater, for the purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, dutyfree.

Preamble, reciting 22 Geo. 3. C 39. in part. From Aug. 1, 1786, such part of recited act as relates to obtaining, duty free, rock salt, C for making a flux for glass, to be repealed, except as after mentioned. Glass makers may take rock salt, salt rock, or brine, or seawater, for making a flux for glass, at their own glass works, upon the terms of the recited act. This act not to extend to duties due, and seizures made, C before Aug. 1, 1786*

An act for making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for regulating mad, fcaufes.

cap. XC

CAP. XCI

CAP.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 92 — 95. [1786.'

CAP. XCII

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the .Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Southeast? cond, entitled, u An act for the more effectual puniftiment of persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession: of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, and apprentices 3 " so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the easy redemption of goods pawned,

44 Geo. 3. C 44. recited, and so much thereof as relates to the preventing unlawful pawning of goods, and the easy redemption of pawns, continued from its expiration to the end of the next session. Public act.

CAP. XCIII

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook wat ion esquire, late commissary general in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services in that office..

aa Geo. 3. C 82. recited. 500i. annuity may be granted to Brook Watson esq; for the life of Helen Watson, his wife. Grant under thi# act not to restrain his Majesty from granting any other pensions

CAP. XCIV ' ‘

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his majesty's gunpowder works and mills near the town of Faversham, and for the better securing his majesty's docks, lhips, and stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of acts of parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty rfourth years of his present majesty's reign; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

a Geo. 3. C 37, recited; 44 Geo. 3. C 49, recited; 33, 890!. 158. xd, 3q. to be paid to the proprietors of lands, C in Kent, Southampton, and Devon, taken possession of for public use under recited acts. Surveyor of the ordnance to grant bills to the parties, for their rcfpeetive claims, C Sums for which debentures are granted to be paid accordingly; 30i. decreed to the dean and chapter of Canterbury, to be paid, to such personas they shall authorise to receive it, C Money decreed to be paid to triiftees, to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance to the deputy king's remembraneer, who is to grant certificates, to be filed in the exchequer. Deputy remembrancer to pay to the bank the money he receives. Barons of exchequer to give directions about moneys received by the deputy remembraneer, C Vicar of Faversham, and rector of Alverftoke, to receive the annual income of the sums decreed for the lands belonging to them.. In case of death of deputy remembraneer, stock veiled in him to veil in his successor. If on death of deputy, the king's remembrancer shall execute the office, the powers of this act to veil in him. Clerk of the ordnance to deposit with the clerk of the peace, debentures of persons neglecting to take the same in due time, etc. Lands in Hamplhire valued in decree under recited acts, to veil in his Majesty from time of payment of the value and those not valued, to be revefted in the proprietors. Limitations of actions, to six. calendar months after fact. General issue, may be pleacted, $tc. Defendant may have treble costs.

CAP. XCV

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of corn?

missioners.

>786.] Anno vicesimofexto georgii III c.96 — 99. 837

iniffioners, and other persons, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of paliament. — To meet in a fortnight after the end of the session.

CAP. XCVI

An act to provide that the proceedings now depending in the fioufe of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanours, which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings esquire, late governor-general of Fort William in Bengal, Shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or diitolution of parliament.

CAP, XCVII

An act for raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand fevea hundred and eighty six,

, qoo, oool. raised by this act.

CAP. XCVIII

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves 1 for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omit -- ted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have. been Joft or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors — — enlarged to Dec aj, 1786, and attorneys to file affidavits before Michaelmas term.

CAP. XCIX

An act to after tain the fees to be taken by the officers of the receipt of his Majeffs exchequer, on the issues of money which have been made, andjhall hereafter be made, for the payment of certain pensions at the receipt of his Majeffs exchequer.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passedin the twenty Preamble.

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An Geo. 3. C act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt contrasted recited, upon his civil list revenues, and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out or the revenues of the civil list), it is among other things enacted,

That no penfon whatsoever, on the civil efablijhment, shall hereafter be paid but at the exchequer, and in the same manner as those pensions which were then paid and entered at the exchequer under the head, title, and description of Pensions, and with the name of the person to whom, or in truffor whom, the said penfton was granted; and that those which were transferred thither by the said act Should be subject to no taxes or fees whatsoever, except the taxes and sees to which before the said act they were subject, any statute, law, or usage to the contrary notwithsanding; nor Should any penfon, hereafter to be granted, be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on penftons to the paymafier of the penftons: and whereas it is recited by the said act, fhat it being intended that all

3 savings

n

From July 5, *7 86, treasury to pay see on pensions transferred from treasury and penfton office to the exchequer, to officers thereof.

Officers of

exchequer may demand fees on pensions granted or tole

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 99. [r 7 86*?

savings from salaries and sees of the offices by the said act fuppreffied> Should be applied in aid of the civil list expenses, it is by the said act further enabled, that all fees hitherto payable and by the said act not excepted, on any payments, within the civil list revenues, do fill con time to be paid, and remain for the disposal of the commijfmers of. the treasury: and whereas there have been for many years iffiues of money out of the receipt of his Majeflfs exchequer, under the title of Secret and Special Service, by which many pensions have been paid at the treasury, on which the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer were allowed to take fees to the amount of two and an half per centum and likewise iffiues of money to the paymqfter of pensions.. the said officers were allowed to take fees to the amount of one pound, three killings, and nine pence per centum, which sees were never charged upon the said pensions, but were paid by the com mffioners of the treasury: and whereas no sufficient provision is made, in the said act for the payment, of the fees to which the officers of the receipt of his Majeflfs exchequer were legally entitled before the puffing hf the said act, whereby the said officers have been, and may hereafter tie prevented from receiving the same, contrary to the intentions of the said act: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by there authority of the same, That it shall and may Be lawful, from and immediately after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, to ifliie and. pay, and they are hereby authorised and required to ifliie and pay, or cause to bo issued and paid, out of the moneys which have arisen, or shall arise, by any savings accruing from the salaries and sees of the offices by the said act fuppressed, or from fees payable on any payments within the civil list revenues, which, by the said at, remain for the disposal of the commissioners of the treasury, (or out of any such other of his majesty's civil list revenues), as they shall think fit, all such sum or sums of money to the auditor, clerk of the pells, or any or either of the four teliers, or any Other of the officers and clerks of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, upon any sum or sums of money issued since the paging of the said at, or to be hereafter iflbed for the payment of pensions transferred from the treasury, and from the office of paymaster of pensions, to the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, as the said officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer would have been entitled to have received as their legal fees upon iffiies of the like sums of money, under the head of Secret or Special Service, or to the paymaster of pensions; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not yvithftanding.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the auditor, clerk of the pells, or any or either of the four teliers, or any other of the officers or clerks of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, to demand and

*34

granted, since recited a.

On death of the auditor, etc. the fees to be applied to the purposes of the recited act etc.

Public act.

1786.} Anno viqefimo sexto gsohon III C io.

take upon all pensions granted finee the passing of the said act, or hereafter to be granted, the fees of two arid one half per ten turn, and no more, (which were the usual fees paid heretofore to the late paymaster of the pensions on pensions paid at that office), according to their respective proportions, which said fees are by the said act charged upon the said pensions.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That upon the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal of the auditor, or any or either of the four teliers, the proportion of the said fees belonging to the respective officer so dying, surrendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be applied to the uses and purposes directed by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, Ancttt for ejtablijhing certain regulations in the receipt of his Majejlfs exchequer); and such proportion of the said fees, belonging to the clerk of the pells, as are allowed to be taken upon moneys issued for the payment of the said pensions during the life of the right honourable sir Edward Walpole, late clerk of the pells, be paid to his legal representative or representatives; and such proportion of the said fees as: ate or shall be allowed to be taken upon moneys issued for the payment of the said pensions since the decease of the said late sir Edward Walpole, shall be reserved for the uses and purposes directed by the said act,

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public aft; and shall be taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. C

An al to prevent occasional inhabitants from voting in the election of members jo serve in parliament, for cities and boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

WHEREAS it frequently happens, in cities and boroughs Preamble.

where the right of election of members to serve in parliament is in the inhabitants paying foot and lot, or in the inhabitants householders, housekeepers, and pot wallers % legally settled, or in the inha ' bitants householders, housekeepers, and pot waliers, or in the inhabitants householders refiants, or in the inhabitants within such cities or boroughs, that much trouble, expense, and litigation, is created by occasional voters, to the great prejudice of the real inhabitants, who bear the burdens of such cities and boroughs, and to whom the right offending members to parliament belongs: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the kings most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand From Aug. tf seven hundred and eighty six, no person shall be admitted to X 7^» any. vote at any election of a member or members to serve in parlia*

fa any city or borough of that part of Great Britain called tant, paying

England, scot and lot.

*

846 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 101. [1786.

etc. who shall England, or the dominion of Wales, as an inhabitant paying scot jot have been and jotj or as an inhabitant householder, housekeeper, and pot ^evioustq9 waller, legally settled, or as an inhabitant householder, house thceieaion, keeper, and pot waller, or as an inhabitant householder refianty t forfeit 10i.; or as an inhabitant of such city or borough, unless he shall have been actually and Iona side an inhabitant paying foot and lot, or an inhabitant householder, housekeeper, and pot waller, legally settled, or an inhabitant householder, housekeeper, and pot waller, or an inhabitant householder refiant, or an inhabitant within such city or borough, six calendar months previous to the day of the election at which he shall tender his vote; and if any person shall vote at any such election, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, his vote shall be deemed null and Void, and he shall forfeit, to any person who shall sue for the same, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by him or her, by action of debt, in any of his majestyy courts of record at Westminster^, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such action the proof of inhabitancy, as aforesaid, shall lie upon the person against whom the same shall be brought: provided nevertheless, That such action be commenced within six calendar months after the cause of action accrued: provided also, but not to ex That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed fe**ta*trin ^ ex*enc^ t0 any pcrf°n acquiring the possession of any house, m any city or borough, by defeent, devise, giarriage, or marriage Sefeent, etc. settlement, or promotion to any office or benefice aor to persons II Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act

claiming a shall relate only to those persons who claim to exercise the fi; an

j^van*0** ce voting as habitants paying scot and lot, or as inhabi

rtberdeferip tant householders, housekeepers, and pot waliers, legally fet tsoo than tied, or as inhabitants householders, housekeepers, and pot

habitant waliers, or as inhabitants householders refiants, qr as inhabi

seat tants withjn such cities or boroughs, and shall not extend to any

a e C other description of persons who may claim to vote at any election for members t6 serve in parliament for such cities or boroughs, by any other title, or by any other superadded qualification,

CAP. CL

An act for erecting certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

jpffcambje. WHEREAS it would conduce greatly to the security of navi V V gation and the fisheries, if four light - houses were erected in the northern parts of Great Britain; one at kinnaird's Head, in the county of Aberdeen; one on the island of North Ranilfha, in the Orkneys one on the point tf/scalpa, in the island of Herries j and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyre: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's imoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament

1786.] Anno vicefirrao sexto Georgii III C 101. 841

parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of the same. That Any five of it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's advocate and he con?naiit solicitor general for Scotland; the lord proyost, and eldest baillie app^tedt^ * of Edinburgh; the lord proyost, and eldest baillie of Glasgow;; may agree for provosts of Aberdeen, Inverness, and Campbeltown; the sheriffs lands for depute of the counties of Edinburgh, Lanerk, Renfrew, Buter

Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Orkney, Gaithnefs, and Aberdeen, for the time being, or any five of them, which nuipber is hereby de €rn parts of dared to be a quorum, who are hereby appointed commissioners Great Britain or trustees for putting this act in execution, to contract and agree with the owners or proprietors of lands, lying and situated at the places aforesaid, and most convenient for erecting the said light houses, for so much land as may be neceltary for that purpose, and shall pay such rate and consideration for the same, as shall be agreed on between the said commissioners or trustees, and the owners or proprietors of such lands, either by absolute purchase, or by payment of a rent, or certain annual sum for the same.

II And whereas it may happen that some of the owners, proprietors or occupiers of such land, which may be necessary for eridling the said light houses, may insist upon too high prices or rents for the jame9 or through infancy, minority, defect of the title deeds, encumbrances, debts, or other difabil'tties or causes, it may be difficult to obtain valid and legal rights to some of the properties necessary to be used for these purposes\for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any owners or occupiers of any lands or heritages Sheriffs de shall be under any of the circumstances before described, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners or trustees, ian^s where and they are hereby authorised and empowered to apply to the differences sheriff depute of the county where such lands and heritages shall arise .relative respectively lie, who, upon such application, is hereby impow *° pnce>ctc* ered and required to order a visitation and inspection of such lands and heritages, and to call before him the respective owners, proprietors, or occupiers thereof, or the trustees, tutors, or curators, or others, having the charge and administration of the affairs of such owners, proprietors, or occupiers, requiring them, within a limited time, to show cause why such lands and heritages, may not be alienated, granted, or leased for the purposes aforesaid; and thereupon the said sheriff shall proceed to hear the said parties, and to pronounce sentence upon the said matter as final! be reasonable and just: provided always. That if any Appeal may person or persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by fred the sentence of the said sheriff, that it shall and may be lawful sheriffs to the to such person or persons to apply, by petition, to the lords of lords of council and session to have such sentence reviewed, altered, or session amended, and the lords of session are hereby empowered and required to proceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the course of any roll; provided always, That such application be made to the lords of session within twenty-one days after the date of the sheriff's sentence, if the court be then sitting, or within six days after the meeting of the said court.

UI. And

$42 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C ibt. [17 $6;

Sheriff fro b III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

to^ttermhie^ pon tr^a ** appear t0 the few foeriff, that the same may the value of he alienated, granted, or leafeyd, without hurt or prejudice of the lands. fa id owners, proprietors, or occupiers, and shall be so sound and

declared, then, for afcetthining the value or consideration, pr rent to be paid for the said lands and heritages, it shall and .may be lawful to and for the said sheriff, and he is hereby empowered and required, after the elapfing of the said space in which the pevfons who may think*themselves aggrieved are allowed, to apply to the court of session for redress aforesaid; or in case of any such application, after a decree of the said lords shall be extracted thereupon, to summon and impannel a competent number of discreet, substantial, and disinterested persons of the county in which the lands are situated, not less than twenty, nor more than forty, and out of such persons so summoned and returned, to name and appoint a jury of fifteen persons, each of them possessed of an estate of fifty pounds Scots valued rent in the county, to come and appear before him, at such time and place as by his warrant or precept shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either party be brought before him; and the said sheriff shall examine the said evidence upon oath (which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), touching the value, consideration, or rent, to be paid to the respective owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the said lands or heritages, necessary for erecting the said light houses; and the verdict of the said jury shall be final and conelusive: provided always, That all parties concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, order pay JV, And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid mentof sums That the said sheriff depute shall, and he is hereby authorised awarded by and required, upon such verdict given, to order payment of such yerdift of sum or sums of money, or the rents or certain annual sums, and

juries, C to orcja jn fop owners, proprietors, or occupiers of such lands and

heritages, or their trustees, tutors, curators, or administratots, to convey, grant, or lease to the said dnnmissioners or'trustees, all such lands and heritages for the purposes aforesaidand all contracts, agreements, fples, leases, or other conveyances, made' or directed ip be made, shall be valid to all intents and purposes; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstandingt and all trustees, tutors, or curators, corporations, proprietors, or incumbrancers, subject to tailzies, and all other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, or in purfuanc* of this acct: provided always. That the price, consideration, feu duty, rents, or annual sum, to be paid for the said lands, shall be settled or veiled, in trustees, so as to descend and be devised to the same heirs of tailzie, and be subject to all such trust'r, conditions, and limitations, as are contained in the original settlements, deeds, or tailzies, of the refpe^iyely lauds so conveyed for the purposes aforesaid *

V And be it enabled, That it shall and may be layyful to find

collector. if'.. fc?

iysls.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C ioi. 843

for the said commifltoners or trustees to choose and appoint, by writing under their hands, clerks or collectors for levying the duties herein after mentioned, and such other officers as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying this act into execution, and from time to time to remove fuel officers, or any of them, and to appoint others in their stead and to settle such fees or salaries to such clerks, collectors, and other officers as the said trustees shall judge reasonable.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commis Commission fioners or trustees to ered, or eaufe to be erected, upon the *

foresaid lands, proper light houses, with such other buildings ^ * 0 99 and conveniences as to them shall appear necessary \ also to ered, or eaufe to be erected, breasts or wharves for landing coals or fuel for burning in such'light houses, or any materials necessary for the building and maintaining the same; and also to make, or eaufe to be made, ' roads from the said breasts or wharves to the said light houses.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the time such light houses shall be finished,

in such manner as to have the proper lights or signals put up completed, therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, the duties fd or for such persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, lowing to be receive, and take, of and from all and every the masters and Pajdby ships owners of every ship or decked vessel, the sums following; (that pa em is to say),

K

From every British ship or decked vessel, navigated according For every to law, which shall pass any of the said light houses, whether the said ship or vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or e toe^.ng on a foreign voyage, or falling coaftways, a sum not exceeding one penny sterling per tonne :

And for every foreign ship or decked vessel, passing as afore If foreign, 2d. said, a sum not exceeding twopence sterling per tonne. Per toa\

VIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners or trustees shall, congderaiioa out of the duties hereby granted, satisfy and pay to the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the said lands, on which the said pout of light houses are to be erected, the consideration, feu duty, or the duties, rent agreed or awarded to be paid for the same.

IX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Annual ae said trustees shall keep and enter, in proper books, minutes of counts ofre their proceedings, and fair, just and true accounts of the re dtfburfe ceipts and difbur foments of all moneys which shall be received ments to be hr expended by them in consequence of this act, and shall eaufe sent to the to be made out and properly authenticated, once in every year, treasury, etc four copies of the said accounts, whereof one shall be transmitted to the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury 5 two to the commissioners q( his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, to be presented by them

ta

Commissioners may borrow i, oool. and the ex

less a receipt for the same be produced.

844 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III CI 101. [178&

to both houses of parliament; and one to be delivered to the annual convention of the royal boroughs in Scotland.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commissioners or trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered and declared to have full power and lawful author

pences of this nty* at any time or times hereafter, by any mortgage cr mort act, on ere gauges, or any act or acts, deed or deeds under their hands duly dit of the du executed, to borrow or take up, at a rate of interest not exceeds lcsa ing the lawful interest at the time of the loan, any sum or sums

of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds sterling, upon the security and credit of the duties granted by this act, for answering the expenses of making the works aforesaid, and such further sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the' expense of obtaining and passing this act; and may assign such duties to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, who shall furnish or advance such money, or any part thereof, as a fe. purity for repayment of the same.

XI Andy to the intent the duties may he duly answered and paid Ko entry of be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the col thedut^tobe ^e<^ors f h‘s majesty's customs, comptroliers, receivers of en received un C tries, surveyors or searchers, waiters, and all other officers of

the customs whatsoever, or their respective deputies pr clerks, at any of the ports, harbours, or places of Great Britain, shall not, after the commencement of the said duties, take or receive any entry or cocquet, or other discharge or clearance, or take any report outwards, for any ship or vessel liable or subject to, the said duties, until the said duties shall be paid pursuant to the directions of this act, to the respective collectors to be appointed by the said commissioners or trustees to receive the same, and until such respective matter or owner of any ship or vessel, subject to the said payment thereof, shall (hew to such refpediye officer a receipt for the same.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Goods maybe That in case any owner or matter, or any person having thp

C A" charge or command of any such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, charged or chargeable with any of the duties granted by this act, shall refuse to pay the same, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or the cou lector or collectors,, or other persons to be appointed by them, to seize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding any right of hypothecation, attachment!, arreftment, or other right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any person, any of the goods, merchandise, guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel, of or belonging to any such ship or vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the said duties shall befatisfied and paid; and in case of any neglect or delay in payment of the.said duties for the space of three days after such seizing, taking, or detaining, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or the collector or collectors, receiver or receivers of the said duties, or such person or persons as the said trustees shall authorise and appoint, to cause the flune fcj? bp appraised by two or more suffi r

cieot

seized if duties are not .paid, etc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii Ilf. C tot 845

dent persons or sworn appraisers, afrd afterwards to sell and dispose of the goods so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy the said duties so neglected to be paid, together with the charges of such seizing, taking detaining, and selling the same, shall be ascertained by the said feizers, upon oath, rendering to the matters or owners of such ship or vessel the overplus (if any there be) on demand: provided nevertheless, That nothing in this'exemption ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge f^fevourof any of the ships or vessels belonging to his Majesty, his heirs the raj 0 or successors, or any vessel or wherry employed in the service of navy, etc. his majesty1*s revenue, or any ships or vessels employed in the Greenland or other northern whale frftiery, or going to Archangel in rujjia, or returning from thence, provided the said ships return before the fifteenth day of September in each year.

XIII Provided also, and be it enacted, That no ship or Vessels passing vessel, whether outward or homeward bound, or failing coast ^°rj.t^*1 ways, shall pay more than one penny or twopence as aforesaid, £0ufegt0 pay although the said ship or vessel shall have, in the course of the duty only said voyage, passed more than one of the said light housesi once.

XIV And be it further enacted. That as soon as the four Duties not light houses aforesaid are built and lighted in a proper manner, paya^e hu a notice thereof shall be given by the commissioners ortruftees ^fce of three several times in the London Gazette, and in all theedin light houses burgh newspapers; and the said duty on the tonnage of ships being com and vessels passing the said light houses shall only commence pleted.

and be exigible one calendar month after the date of Tuch first notice in the said Gazette and newspapers.

XV And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said light houses and otherbuild Light houses ings shall be vested in the said trustees or commissioners, who t?^>ev^^in shall, from time to time, keep arid maintain the same in good

and sufficient repair, and shall in the night feafori maintain a * proper fire or light therein, so as the trade, navigation, and the fisheries may be effectually benesited, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and trustees, out of the said duties granted by this act, to pay all just and reasonable sums of money and charges that shall or may be expended in erecting, maintaining, and supporting the said light houses, and fire or light to be kept therein, together with all other charges which shall be proper and necessary for executing the aforesaid trust, and the interest of all such sums from the respective times of advancing the same until reimbursement, with the charges of colleding and recovering the duties aforesaid, and likewise to. the discharge of the principal of the said sums.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any surplus shall remain, after the fdveral payments Surplus of herein before directed to be made, the same shall, once in every du*iei to year, be vested in some one or other of the public funds of the kingdom, and shall be allowed, together with its interest, whenvuffici to accumulate until the yearly interest of the same (half amount cut to the ex Vol. XXXV Kkk to

?4c

Anno vicesimo fextp, Gpqrgii IH. s, jpi. [ 178.6*

duties to cease.

Meetings of commimon

pences of the to a sum jequal to the whole expense attending the said light light houses, houses; and that, how fopn the said interest Stall amount to the sum necessary for the purposes of the said lightr houses, theq, and in that case, the sums that shall have been heretofore payable by the several ships and vessels passing the said light houses, shall ipfofafto cease, determine, and be no longer payable.,

ersmt^n". XII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pound'for°m" feid comrniflioners or trustees, at their annual general

duties. meeting to be herein after appointed, (ha! find that the payment of the several duties aforesaid bears particularly hard on any ships or vessels, by reason of the said ships or vessels passing frequently in the same year some one or other of the said light houses, and being employed in a trade which cannot bear a frequent repetition of the said duties, it shall he lawful for the said comrniflioners or trustees, on a representation from the masters or owners of the said ships or vessels, or of the persons concerned in the said trade, and on the truth of the allegations contained in the said representation being proved to the satisfaction of the said comrniflioners or trustees, to compound With, or agree by the year with, the masters or owners of the said ships or vessels for a lesser sum than the duties per tonne exigible ut the time would amount to.

xvllt And for carrying this act into execution, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be a general meeting of the (sp commi$9pers or trustees, held at Edinburgh on the first Tuesday of Auguji, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and in every subsequent year on the Tuesday of the vyeel^ in which the general convention of the royal boroughs in Scotland s held; which meetings shall have power to adjoqrn from, time to time : provided always. That all alterations in the rates of the duties to be paid as aforesaid shall be made at one of the said general meetings, and the accounts audited and pafljed, at; the said general meetings.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, in case apy (pit or aj&ion shall be commenced against the

ac anefto be ^ com mi (Fionas or trustees, or any other pjerfon or persons, for any th^pg dpne in purfuauce of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such salt or a6tion, may produce this act, and plead that the said things were done in. purfuauce and by the authority of this a, and if it shall appear foto be done, that then the defendants shall be abfolyed from every fudi salt, action or a£uons, and shall have double costs and expenses in the defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the prosecutor or prosecutors of the same.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all qieriffs, justices of th peace, judges, and magistrates, with their officers, mefleng^rs at arms, and all other officers and executors of the law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and. assisting in putting this act into due and effectual execution.

XXL And

ers.

Defendants

entitled to double costs.

Sheriffs, etc. to a(iifl. in the execution of this act.

t] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL g, igs — 104,

XXI And bfe it further enacted by the authority afdrefaid. That this a ft shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of law or equity, as a public aft 5 and all judges and justices of such courts are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. CII

An act for enlarging: the term and powers of an act, paflfed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, for impowering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, clean sing, and lighting the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain tolls on Sundays upon the several roads therein mentioned, and apply the fanhe for the purposes of the said acts.

5 Geo. 3. C 15, recited, j Geo. 3* C 161, and continued for at years (except as to stamp duties). Enabling the trustees to apply part of the tolls in aid of the ioool. per ann. paid for paving piccadilly, etc. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money raised

C a p, cm.

An act for atfeffing the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the office for viftualling his majesty's navy, for their salaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the manor of Baste Smithfield, in the tower division, in the county of Middlesex, notwithstanding the removal of the said office into any other division of place.

C 3. land tax this session. Commissioners, etc. Of Victualling office to continue to be aftefled to the land tax in East Smithfield, on the removal of the office; but one fourth of assessment for appointments created since Feb. *5, 169a, and the whole for those from Dee. X 178$* to be paid to the division to which the office may be removed. ' Public act

CAP. CIV

An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in melting copper and lead ores and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead (nines, within the Jfle of Angiefey.

WHEREAS there are within the Isle of Angiefey consider able mines of copper and lead but for want of coals and other fuel within the said ifie9 proper for smelting the copper and lead ores raised from the said mines, the said ores in order to be fmelted9 are always carried to places where coals pay no duty as under the present duties upon coals, added to the expenses of freight, and other charges, the ore from the said mines cannot be melted within the said ifie without consider able loss to the proprietor s9 who are thereby prevented from working the said mines effectually: and whereas by reason of the increasing depth of the said mines and the situation of the ore it will be impofftble for the water to be kept out of them without the help of fire engines in working of which great quantities of coals mufi be used9 whereby the owners and proprietors of the said mines will be under the same difficulties and discourage merits as infupplying themselves with coals for the purpose of smelting: and whereas the encouragement. of the working of copper and lead mines'within the

K k k 2 sold

847.

Public act.

Preamble

From July 5, 1786, drawbacks to be

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgia HI. C 105, 106. [1786*

said isle will contribute as well to the employment of many miners and labourers within the ifley as to the increase of the trade an A manufactures of the kingdom in general: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, for all coals which shall be used in ailowed of all calcining or smelting copper and lead ores, within the Isle of duties paid Anglesey, or which shall be used in fire engines for draining for fmeuine wa*er out'of the mines of copper and lead within the said isle, copptr andt fr which duties have been fiyrft answered and paid, a drawback lead ores, shall be allowed and made of all such duties, upon proof by etc. in Angle oath being first made before the customer or collector of the said ^ (which oath he is hereby empowered and required to

administer) that such coals have been soused and applied; which drawback of all the said duties shall be returned and paid, by the collector of the said duties, to such person or persons so making proof as aforesaid, or such other person or persons as hath or have first answered and paid the said duties.

II Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho drawbacks rity aforesaid. That the amount of such drawbacks shall not r°rnn? eed exceed the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds in any t mn m one year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fourth day of June, annually 5 and that the customer or collector of the said duties shall keep an account of the drawbacks returned and paid by him in pursuance of this act, and that he shall not allow or return duties to a greater amount than here in before mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Wool, in one year,

CAP. CV

An act for continuing the salaries and profits of the commissioners, clerk, and other officers, of the pay office and navy office respectively, rateable to the land tax, in the wards of Broad Street and' Tower, within the city of London, notwithstanding the said office should be removed into any other division or place.

Land tax C 3. of this session. Commissioners, etc. of the navy pay office, and navy office, to continue to be afiefied to the land tax in the wards of broad street and Tower, though the offices be removed. One fourth of afleftment for appointments created since Feb. 15, 1691, and the whole for those created since Dec. 15, 1785, to be paid to the dlf trict to which the offices may be removed. Public act.

CAP. CVI

An act for incorporating certain persons, therein named, by the name and file of The British Society for extending the Fiftieries, and improving the Seacoasts of this Kingdom $ and to enable them, ivben incorporated, to subscribea joint flock, and therewith to pur chase lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fish

ing

iys6, ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 106.

ing flat ions in the highlands and i(lands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for other purposes.

WHEREAS the building of free towns, villages,. harbours, Preamble., quays, piers, and fishing stations, in the highlands and islands of North Britain, will greatly contribute to the improvement of fisheries, agriculture, manufactures, and other useful objects of industry in that part of the kingdom, in which the dijperfed fltuation of the inhabitants hath hitherto proved a great impediment to their active exertions; and their being collected, into fiflnng towns? and villages would be the means of forming a nursery of hardy seamen for his Mayfly's navy, and the defence of the kingdom: and whereas the finding, immediate employment at home for great numbers of people, would be the means of putting a flop to the dangerous spirit of emigration now prevailing, and likely to prevail in a great degree, to the depopulation of that part of his Majesty's dominions, and loss to the (kingdom of many of his Majesty s ufefui subjects: and whereas an undertaking for these laudable, purposes cannot be so conveniently or effectually carried on unlefsa consider able joint flock be raifedfor that purpose: : wheredsfleveral perforts have already formed themselves into a society, and subscribed conflderdble sums for carrying the purposes abovementioned into execution,. but are apprehensive that difficulties may arise, as well in .recovering debts which may grow due to the joint flock, as in defending, suits.: or actions which may be commented or brought fgainfl the subscribers for any matter or thing relative to the joint focieiyi as by law, ' all the several subscribers and proprietors in the joint society mu ft, m such cases, both sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted," by their several distinct names and descriptions, and to prevent the several subscribers from becoming liable to the payment of any fitm or sums beyond their respective shares in such capital joint flock; [therefore, for the more eaflly carrying into execution the several undertakings herein before mentioned, and for avoiding the difficulties aforesaid, the aid society are defer ous of being incorporated, and having a common seal and name, by which they may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conform of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the Members of most noble John duke of Argyk, the most noble John duke of je corpora atboly the right honourable George Campbell commonly called tin Marquis of Lorn, the right honourable fames Graham commonly called Marquis of Graham, the right honourable Archibald earl of Eglington, the right honourable Francis earl of Moray, the right honourable fames earl of Abercorn, the right honourable fohn earl of Breadalbane, the right honourable fohn earl of Dunmore, the right, honourable Anthony earl of Kintore, the right honourable Adam Gordon commonly called Lord Adam Gordon, the right honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, the right honourable George Levefon Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the right honourable lord Mack

k k 3 donaldy

15° Anno vicesimo sexto georgn III C 106* [1786.

donate the right honourable Henry Dundas, the honourable major-general jtfamir Murray, the honourable Archibald Fraser, sir Haroord Harbord baronet, sir Hugh Munro baronet, sir Adam Furguffon baronet, sir James Riddle baronet, sir Robert Herries knight, sir George Young knight, Ray Campbell esquire, Archibald Macdonald esquire, captain Colin Campbell, Neil Malcolm, Francis Humberjlone Mackenzie, George Dempjler, Hamilton Demp

fier, Duncan Campbell of Lochnell, Kenneth Munhifon, George Steuart, Mackenzie of Bishopsgate Street London, Kenneth

Mackenzie of Terridan, major James Munro, Angus Macaulay, colonel &wz//, Miller, y Call) Henry Beaufoy,

Mcugillivray, y Tfw#, y Mackenzie of Lentron, George Cuthbert, Lewis Cuthbert, Cameron, lieutenant y^ff

Mackey, Alexander Ahderfen, Hawkins Brown,, Patrick

Home, captain Donald Campbell, Thomas Hoby, James Fraser, William Wilber force, Duncan Campbell of Minching Lane London, Alexander Blair, y?/w Campbell, David Dale, Alexander Ross, Duncan Davidson, David Mitchell, captain William Fraser, Kenneth Mackenzie of Gower Street London, Alexander Pringle J. S. F. Fraser, James Webjler, David Webjler, Callender

late of Bothbay, David Anderson, general Fletcher Campbell, John Ogilvie, Thomas Longlands, lieutenant general Henry Fletcher, Adam Drummond, Alexander Fraser, Robert Grant, William Grant, John Paifly, Thomas Ogilvie, William Hamilton, James Sstexvart% Alex. Macintofh, Robert Fairful, lieutenant Roderick Mackenzie,

John Grant, Thomas Miles Riddle, lieutenant general Richard, Prescott, lieutenant general Edward Maxwell, their executor administrators, and assigns, and every other per sort or persons, who shall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, in right of any other per soil or persons, become proprietors of, or interested in any part, or sum of the said joint capital flock or fund herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby made a diftiodt and separate body politic and corporate, in deed and in name, by the Corporate name or style of The British Society for extending the fijheriesi and

name, improving the Sea Coajls of this Kingdom; and that by the above

name they shall have succession and a common seal, and that they and their successors may, from time to time break, ' alters or make new or change such common seal, as shall be found most expedient 5 and that the said society shall be able and capable in law, and shall have perfect and full power and ability in law, to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy lands, tenements, and hereditaments of what kind, nature, or quality soever

Bodies corpo jj. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any felund^on^ pcr^on or Persons* body politic or corporate, may give, grant, vey lands * fell, or convey to the said society, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the use and benefit of the said society; and that the said society shall have power and ability in law to grant, fell, demise, alien, or dispose of such lands, tenements, and heredifamwts, of pyf>arttfaeifcof, at their will

: " and

1786.] Anno vicesimo ftxto Georgii III C 106. 851

and plea Jure, and in their corporate name shall and may be able in law to sue and implead, be fried and impleacted, answer and be answered, in any court of record or elsewhere, in all causes and a&ioris whdtsoever, fof, touching, or concerning the said corporation.

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said society to Capital joint raise a capital joint flock, to be applied to purchasing or other flock, wise acquiring lands and tenements in perpetuity, and for the building of free towns and villages, harbours, quays, piers, and fishing stations, on such lands so purchased or acquired, and on no other lands or tenements Whatsoever, hot exceeding.the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds sterling, at such time and in such proportions as at any general court or courts of the said society to be held in pursuance of this a shall be directed; and that the same shall be divided into a number of shares, each share not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds sterling 5 and _ that no one per fori subscribing shall become proprietor of more than ten shares, in his, her, or (Heir names, otherwise than by bequest or operation of law; and if ft shall to happen, that any number of persons subscribing, are actually members of a joint partnefftiip in bufiriefs, they mail jointly be considered as one name or perfori, holdirig a (hacfe of shares not exceeding ten in number, for any ode joint paftner(hip, or in the name of any other person or peffons in trust for him, her, or them (except the same shall come to him, her, or them, by deyife, bequest, marriage, of ai of law), upon pain of forfeiting to the said society all such shares, exceeding ten shares as aforesaid, and the money foto be raised is hereby appointed to be applied in the pufchafe of lands, as aforesaid, and for the purpose of building by public advertised contracts, free towns and villages, harbours, quays, piefs, arid fishing stations thereupon: provided always. That it shall in no case be lawful for the said society to borrow any futri or furris of money whatsoever and they are hereby prohibited from borrowing the same.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the said sum of one hundred ad fifty thousand pounds Stock to be sterling, or such futri as shall be raised, by the persons herein divided into before named, or by such person of persons as may hereafter ftiares* become a proprietor or proprietors of the said society, so divided into shares of fifty pounds sterling each share, shall be, nd the same are hereby veiled in the several persons herein before described, and their several refpe^ive executors, admiriiftrators, successors, arid a Signs, for their and every of their proper use arid benefit, proporfioriably to the sum they and each of them (fiafl feveraiiy fubicrib'e and pay thereunto $ and all and every of the said shares shall be deemed to be personal effate, arid trans mined as such, arid riot of the riiture of real property; and all arid every pet fori or persons, their several arid respective executor or exedritots, admiriiftratorsarid assigns, who shall feveraiiy the sum of fifty pounds ftetlirig; or such sum or sums

852 Anno vicesimo fexfp Georgii III C 106. [1786*

as shall be demanded in part thereof, towards eflabliftiing and carrying into! execution the undertakings of the said society, lhalrbe Quitted to and receive the entire and neat distribution of the prdflts and advantages which shall or may arise or accrue by virtue' df the said sum and sums of money to be raised, recovered, and received by the authority of this a<fl, and foin proportion for'any greater number of shares, not exceeding ten ihares as aforesaid, and every person or persons having such property of one share of the said undertaking, and foin proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable ifum of money towards Carrying on the said undertaking, in manner herein after enacted, directed, and appointed, such sum or sums not exceeding such share or shares, as any person or persons shall have subscribed to the capital (lock of the society.

V - Arid to the end that all matters and things touching or relating to the ejiablijhing and carrying on the said society, may be managed and tondtified in the most beneficial manner; be it further enacted

Votes secord by the authority aforesaid. That every person who shall have subscribed for one share of the joint flock, his or her respective executors administrators, and assigns, in every or any public meeting assembly to be held as herein after directed for carrying on the biifinefs of the said society, shall have liberty, by him or her, or by his or her proxy, under his or her hand, to give for one'or two shares, one vote, and no more; for three or four shares, two votes, and no more; for five, six, or seven shares, three votes, and no more; for eight or nine shares, four votes, and no more; for ten shares, five votes, and no more; and whatever question of ele&ipn, or other question whatsoever, shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, in any public assembly or meeting to be held under and by virtue of this af, shall be finally determined by the majority of votes then present in person dr by proxy, qualified as aforesaid.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in case itfore persons than one shall incline to hold in their joint nalmes one or more shares of the said joint flock, one only of such persons shall be entitled to vote when present, according to the priority of their names in the original subscription, or they may in the absence of the whole give their vote or votes by proxy, as herein before mentioned, to be appointed by a majority of the said joint subscribers under their hands; and that all bodies politic and corproate, who shall be proprietors of any share or shares in the said joint flock, shall be entitled in like manner to vote by proxy, duly coriftituted under their corporate seal.

Shared held by VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no,

Prox person shall be capable of acting as proxy, unless he be a proprietor, and that no one proprietor shall hold more than five votes by proxy.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Subscriptions That a book or books for subscriptions shall be provided within 1° entered northeast month after the tenth day of July, One thousand seven hun ln a book dred and eighty six; in which bpok or books 4he&id joint flock

(half

lag to Ibares.

Shares held by more than one person.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 10&, 853

shall be subscribed by. the members of the said society, and that none of the said members shall subscribe more than the sum of five hundred pounds sterling in his, her, or their names; and that all and every the proprietors of the sums so subscribed shall pay his, her, or their shares and proportions of the moneys subscribed, at such times and places as shall be appointed for the receipt of such sums of money as shall from time to time be ordered to be paid in pursuance of any call or calls to be made, in manner to be regulated by the bylaws of the society, of which several calls two calendar months notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the same in the London Gazette, by the direction of a general meeting of the said proprietors; and if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect dr refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable and proportionable part or share, parts or shares, of such moneys foto be called for as aforesaid, within not less than two calendar months after the time appointed for the payment thereof; and after personal notice given to him or her, or notice in writing left at his or her usual or lad place of abode, then he, (he, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit a sum amounting to ten pounds per centum, on his, her, or their respective share or shares in the capital dock of the said society.

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That whenever any proprietor shall have incurred'the penalty If penaltiea aforesaid of ten pounds per centum on such share or shares as he are not Paid or (he may be possessed of in the capital dock of the said society, and calia an for nonpayment in due time as aforesaid of his or her rateable lwere 9 proportion of money so called for as aforesaid, and such forfeiture shall have been declared at some general meeting of the proprietors, it shall and may be lawful at the same, or at any subsequent general meeting, for any ten or more of.the proprietors then present, to order and direct a further notice to be given to such proprietor; and in case he or she shall not within two months after such notice served personally, or left at his or her mod usual or lad place of abode, payor cause to be paid all such sum or sums of money as shall be then due and owing upon any call or calls as aforesaid, and for nonpayment of which such former forfeiture shall have been incurred; and shall not also pay or cause to be paid an additional sum of ten pounds per centum on such share or shares as such proprietor shall have subscribed towards the capital dock of the said society, then such defaulter to proprietor, in case the nonpayment of such sum or sums of mo 5prfeit ney shall have been declared at some general meeting of the said C proprietors, shall forfeit all his intered, share and property in the capital dock of the said society, together with all such sums as shall have been paid in, or shall be then due and owin^from any call or calls as aforesaid, which lad mentioned sum or sums due, and.owing from any call or calls as aforesaid, and the re lpe#ive penalties of ten pounds per centum, ‘ and ten pounds per centum herein before mentioned, shall and may be recovered by: .action of debt ia any .of his majesty'a cpurts of record at _ V ' Westminster^

completed, executors may do it.

s54. Aono vicesimo sexto Gtokoti III C 106. [1785.

Westminster, or by suit m the court of session in Scotland reflectively: provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the said proprietors, at any general meeting to be held after stich forfeiture (nail have been incurred, to postpone, mitigate, or remit the same.

On the death X Provided always, ^ and be it further enacted, That if the of proprietors proprietor of any share in the said undertaking shall die before before share payment shall have been made of the full sum to be advanced on each share which he or she shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made provision, by will or otherwise, for the payment of the same, then and in such case the executors and administrators of such proprietor, and the trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians, of any infant or other person entitled to the estate or effects of such proprietor, shall be indemnified againstfuch infant, and all other persons whomsoever, for paying any sum or sums of money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such subscripttiori; .and if such deceased proprietor shall not nave left effects fufficieilt, of in Case any such executor or administrator, trustee or guardian, shall fefufe or neglect to answer such calls and payments, the said society shall be and are hereby empowered, authotifed, and required to admit any other person or persons to be proprietor or proprietors of the share or shares of such deceased proprietor, on condition that he, (he, or they, so admitted, do and shall, on of before such admission, 'pay to the executors or administrators of such deceased proprietor, or the trustee or trustees, guardian 61 guardians of any infant, or others entitled to his or her effects, the full money which shall have been paid by such deceased proprietor in his or her life time, by virtue of any call or calls, or otherwise, upon such share or shares, dr so much money as the same can be sold for.

Shares may be XI And be it further erfiisted, That it shall be lawful for disposed of. any of the said proprietors to sell ordifpofe of any share or shares he, (he, or they shall and may be entitled so therein, in manner and subject to the rules and conditions herein mentioned; and for that purpose duplicates of the deed of bargain and fate, at transfer of such share or shares, shall be executed by every vendor and vendee, and one part rhereof, so executed, shall be delivered to the secretary of the said society, to be filed and kepi for theufe of the said society, and an entry thereof shall be made in a book or books to be kept by the said secretary for that purpose; and the said secretary, or his deputy, is hereby required to make such entry accordingly; and until the duplicate of fucfe deed or transfer shall be so delivered to the said secretary, nr to his deputy, such purchaser or purchasers shall have no part or share of the profits of the said underlakingr; norany interdft: paid him, her, or them, for and in respect: of such share or shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote as a proprietor or proprietors After a call of the said joint (lock : provided always. That after any call of no share to be such moneys shall be made by a general meeting, no person of sold till the persons bodies corporate or collegiate, (hau sell or transfer any

money paid.

share

855

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C

share which he, (he, or they, shall then have in the said joint flock, until the moneys called fbr upon His, her, or their share or shares, foto be sold, (half be paid $ and every person making default herein shall forfeit his, her, or their share or shares in the said joint flock to the said society, for the benefit of the rest of the said proprietors, unless the person dr persons who shall be vendor or vendors, shall, at the time of such sale or transfer, pay the money called for upon every share so sold or transferred, into the bank of England, bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland), such forfeiture having been first notified and declared at a general meeting, in manner above directed.

XII And be it further enabled, That every transfer of the said shares shall be in the form, or to the purport and effect following:

I A. B. in confederation of paid to me Form of the

by C D. do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer to the said CD transfer. his or her executors, admimflrators, anda/jigns,

hare or hares, [as the cate may be] in the joint fociof thefociety for extending the fi/heries, and improving the sea coajh of this ling dom^fabjeft to the same rules and orders, and on the same conditions, that 1 held the same immediately before the execution hereof .* and I the said C D, do hereby agree to accept of the said bare or hares] subject to the same rules, orders, and conditions:

'Witness our hands, the — — of

in the year of our Lord

XIII And, for the better ordering, managing, and governing the affairs of the said society, and for ejlabujhing a continual succession of persons to be dire ft or s of the same, belt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be (of the members of the said so Governor, de ciety holding one full share in the joint (lock of the same re Puty southeast; fpeshvely) a governor deputy governor, and fifteen directors, dl

of whom the said governor ana deputy governor shall always be two, of and in the said society, which directors, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and be calied, A Court of Directors for the ordering managing, and directing the affairs of the said society.

XIV And be it also enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the members of the said society shall, on or before the How to be tenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, chosen. proceed to the election of a governor deputy governor, and thirteen members of the said society, as aforesaid, to be their diredtors as aforesaid, in manner following 5 that is to say, That each and every member of the said society shall, on or before the said tenth day of August, deliver in, br transmit to the (Secretary of the said society a list in writing, subscribed with his or her name, and subjoining the number df shares which he or ihe holds in the joint stock of the said fopety, containing the names of such members as heorfhe votes for to be governor, and deputy governor, refpe&ivcfy > and also of thirteen other mem

856 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 106. [178&

bers qualified as aforesaid, whom he or she shall vote for to be directors of the said society; and that all and every such list whkh shall contain a, greater or Jess number than fifteen names aforesaid, shall berejedted and of noeflfedt; and that the thirteen members, whose pames shall be inserted in the greater number of such lists, as afpresaid, shall be the directors of the said society;; that such persons whose names shall be contained in the greater number of iuch lists for filling the offices of go vernpr, : and deputy governor, shall be governor .and deputy governor of the said fqejiety: provided, that if it shall So happen that any two or more psr/pos named in such lists as aforesaid shall have 'an, equal nupiber of votes, the names of such two or more persons shall be placed in a box, and drawn out by the secretary of the said society; and the person whose name shall be drawn out shall be a governor, deputy governor, or director of t he said society, as the case may happen; and the secretary (half in like manner draw out fycceflively. a sufficient number of names to complete the number of thirteen directors, who shall be directors accordingly.

. V XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. To continue That the governor, deputy governor, and directors, so ikft to March aj, chosenas aforesaid,, serve and continue in their refpedtjvp * bfficfs.. until the twenty: fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty^(even; and that a pew election of a go^r yernor, deputy governpr^rid thirteen directors, shall he ihm niade Tn manlier afo^esaid; arid on the twenty-fifth da of March in each and fevery succeeding year, ajrke election t(ha0 be made, unless the same shall happen on a Sunday, and then pn the Monday, following; and that such governor, deputy governor, tand direftprs, shall serve and continue, in their refpeo? tive qfik^ whole year next ensuing their respective elec?

. tions.; '. /. ^ V

Their powers. X VI enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the

(aitf^y|n^r, deputy governor, and directors, or the .ifcajo* ^rlojfi^etn, shall and may, from time, to time, assemble and meef toother at any convenient place or places within the cities of London or Westminster, and then and there hold courts of directors, and shall at such courts have power and authority to order and direct all the affairs and bufiriefs of the said society subject to the bylaws and directions of all general meetings of the said society, and shall have power to name committees of themselves, and to appoint all subordinate officers.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Governor, C Thaf every governor, deputy governor, and diredtor of the said to be sworn. society, foto be elected as aforesaid, before they be admitted to the execution of. their respective offices or places of governor, deputy governor, or director, shall take the following .oath before any two or more of the said proprietors, who are hereby empowered to administer the same: <

*

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Ge'orgii ill. C 106. 857

f the British focietyfor extending the fisheries and improving the fed wafts of this kingdom, truly and faithfully, to the bejl'of my judgement and understanding

So help me GOD.

jxviii. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Auditors out of the said proprietors holding one full share respectively, chosen there shall be chosen and appointed in like manner, and at the like times, five persons, (not being governor or deputy governor, or director or other officer) to examine and audit the accounts of the said society once in every year, and to prepare and lay before the genera! meeting, the accounts of the said society in a clear, accurate, and distinct manner, one copy of which shall be reserved in the office for the inspection of any proprietor who (halldefire to see the same.

XIX And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That General there shall be held one general meeting of the said proprietors meetings how on the twenty-fifth day of March in each arid every year and to be ca €d‘ if the same shall happen on a Sunday, then on the Monday fol

V lowing at noon, in the cities of London or Wejlmtnfter, and that if at any time it shall appear to any nine or more proprietors, that for the more effeduarlly putting this act in execution, an occasional general meeting of proprietors shall be necessary to be held, the governor, deputy governor, or any three or more of the said directors, on request made in Writing by such nine proprietors to the said governor, deputy governor, or directors,

shall cause notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, and in such other manner as the said proprietors, their successors or assigns, shall at any general meeting direst or appoint, declaring in such notice the place where, and the time when, such meeting is to be held, the same to be held within one calendar month from and after such notice given, and likewise specifying in every such notice the reason for and intention of such meetings respectively; and the proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such notice, and proceed to the execution of the powers by this act given them; and every of the proprietors, or the major part of them, at such meetings assembled,

shall be as valicf to all intents and purposes as if the same had been done at an annual general meeting held in manner herein before directed. Provided always, That at all general and ordinary meetings the governor, or in case of his absence the deputy governor, or in case of the absence of both, a chairman, who shall be then and there chosen, shall, in case of an equality f voices, have a calling vote; and that all general meetings, qrdinary or extraordinary, assembled as before directed, shall have the power of adjourning themselves to such time as they shall deem necessary.

XX And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

feid. That in case the governor, deputy governor, or any of Directors, dy the directors for the time being shall happen to die, or ren others his office before the expiration of the said year for which he or t0 be chosen

they

s58

bylaws how made and altered.

No transfer of stock for three years.

Money to be placed in the bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland.

Amio viceftffiojhrto gsqkgii IL C f 178&

they shall be so elected, that then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor or deputy governor, or any three of the said directors, if they see fit, to summon and call together a general meeting of the proprietors aforesaid, and then and there to choose into the place or places of him or them so dying or resigning, one or more other fit person or persons, as the case may happen, to fill up such vacancy or vacancies, and the person or persons so chosen shall continue in their respective offices or places during the remainder of such year, or until the next election of governor, deputy governor, and directors as aforesaid.

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the said proprietors, their fueceflbrs and assigns for the time being, shall have power and authority at a general meeting to be called for that special purpose, or by adjournment of the annual general meeting, in case fifteen or more proprietors present at such general meeting, by themselves or proxy, be possessed of one hundred shares at lead, but not otherwise, to make such rules, bylaws, and constitutions, for the government of the said society, and for the good and orderly carrying on the business of the said society 5 and also for the well governing of the officers, servants, workmen, and others, who shall be employed in and about the business, and carrying on of the said society, or any part thereof, as to them shall seem meet; which said rules, bylaws, and orders, being reduced into writing, under the common seal of the said society, shall be binding upon, and observed by all parties; and shall be sufficient, hi any court of law or equity, to justify all persons who shall aft under the same, provided the same are not repugnant to the laws of the realm: provided always. That the said rules, byelaws, and constitutions, shall not be binding, unless they be confirmed by the next general meeting after they are voted, and shall not be subject to any alteration in the same year wherein they have been made.

, XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no transfer, other than by gift or bequest, shall be made of any of the said stock, or share of or in the said joint stock, for the space of three years from the tenth of rfugust, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, but that the same shall be absolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cash of the said society shall be lodged either in the bank of England, bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland and that no governor, deputy governor, or diredior, nor any proprietor of any share or shares of the foeiety 's join t stock, nor any agent? secretary, clerk, Servant, or person employed by the said society, shall in any case retain any sum or sums of money, which (hap have been placed in his, her, or their hands for the ufeof the said society, beyond the space of thirty days next after the receipt of the same, on any account whatsoever, but that every such peffon or persons shall, within the time aforesaid, pay or cause

to

Go ie

*786, ] Anno vicesmo feto geqrgii III C 106. 859

to be paid all and every such sum or sums of money into one of the banks aforesaid; and that payments of all such sums as shall be ifliied by the said society, shall be made by drafts under the hands of the governor, or deputy governor, countersigned by the secretary or his deputy, and two or more directors, on the said banks, to such person or persons, or to their order, as shall have performed any work for, or other wise have any demand upon, the said society.

XXIV And whereas it may happen that same person or persons y bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or trustees, or others, vbo are seized of or entitled to lands and tenements which may be, necessary to be pur chased for the purposes of this aftr may be willing to treat and agree to sell such lands and tenements, in order to perfect so useful and necessary an undertaking,, but are incapable of granting and conveying the same by reason of infancy; or other disability by tailzies, or otherwise

; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Purchase most shall and may be lawful to and for au bodies politic, corpo to same ^, rate or collegiate, trustees, tutors or curators for infants or mi ufe8# nors, idiots or furious persons, or other persons for whom they are trustees, and for all and every other person of persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of, of interested in any lands and tenements which the said society shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, whether by titles held in see Ample or tailzied, to sell and convey to the said society, or their successors, or to such other person or persons as they shall appoint, all or any such lands and tenements, or any part thereof, for the purposes aforesaid;; that all contrails, 1 greements, sales, or other conveyances that shall be so made,

shall be valid to all intents and purposes, any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or. thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all trustees tutors, or curators, corporations, proprietors, or incumbrancers, subject to tailzies, and all other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they (hail do by virtue of, or in pursuance of this a r provided, that where lands and tenements under entail are purchased for the purposes aforesaid, the price of the premises shall, by authority of the court of session, be laid out upon land, or other heritable security, and the rights and securities devised and taken to the same series of heirs as are contained in the original title deeds of the subjedis under entail, purchased for the use aforesaid

XXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That the book or books in which the accounts relating to the Books to be said society shall be dated and settled, and all other matters and to the things relating thereunto, shall be deposited under the care and ^fpe&?on of custody of such person or persons as the said directors shall from the proprie time to time appoint at the office of the said society; and every tors, proprietor at all reasonable times, shall have free access to such book or, books, for bis, her, or their inspection.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or perfom shall forgs or counterfeit; the seal Counterfeit

of mg the seal.

86o Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III c.107. [1786-

of the society, or any deed or writing under the common seal, or shall demand any money in purfdance of any such forged Orf counterfeited deed or writing, either from the society or any members or servants thereof, knowing such writing to be forged; with intent to defraud the said focrety, or any other persons whomsoever, every person so offending, and being' convicted thereof, in due form of law, shall be judged guilty of felony, ' and shall be transported in manner as by law directed, for a term not exceeding seven years

Limitation of XXVII And be it further enacted, That if any atftion, suit, actions. or information shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the fal committed, or in case there shall be as continuation of damage, then within six calendar months next after the doing or committing such damage shall cease, and not afterwards 5 and the defendant or defendants in such action, suit. General issue. or information, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this a, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have bfeen To done, or if any action, suit, or information, shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing in the same, then, and in such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or the court of session in Scotland shall dismiss the said suit; if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pursuer or pursuers, shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action, suit, or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if a verdict or judgement of the court of feffiot) in scot land shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pursuer or pursuers, or if, upon demurring or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defend treble costs. ants, shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore u lick act. said. That this act (half be deemed and taken to be a public at 5 and all judges, justices, and other persons are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without fpeciallv pleading the same.

CAP. CVII

j

jn act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the,

'laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called

England.

Preamble. TT H E R E A S a respect able military force, under the command VV of officers possessmg landed property within Great Britain, is effiential to the constitution of this realm; and the militia now by law established has been found capable of fulfilling the purposes of its in" pitution 3 and through its conjlant readiness on floort notice, for effectual

1786.] Anno vicesimo Jexto Georgii III C 107. 861

dual service has been of the utmoji importance to the internal defence of this kingdom of Great Britain: find whereas the laws now in being relating to the militia are inconveniently numerous; and the several powers and provifons necessary for raifingy training, and regulating the militia, would be more eaftly executed, if the same were comprised in one act of parliament: be it therefore enacted by the king's mott excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That his Majesty may and (ha 11, from time to time, Tfae eu constitute and appoint lieutenants for the counties, ridings, and co^ntie»° ap places herein after mentioned; and the several lieutenants soap pointed by P pointed, shall have full power and authority., and are hereby re his Majesty, quired to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and to call out the exercised, such persons, and in such manner as is herein after app^nt^* directed, once in every year; and the said lieutenants several ly deputies, of shall, from time to time, constitute and appoint such persons as iicers, etc they hall think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their respective counties, ridings, and places, to be their deputy lieutenants, (the names of such persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty), and hall also appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors; and other officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, arid command the persons foto be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the names and ranks of all.such officers so appointed; and in case his Majesty hall, within fourteen days after such certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his disapprobation of any of the persons so appointed, it hall not be lawful for the said lieutenants to grant & commission to any person so disapproved, but commissions hall be granted to all such persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and the officers so of appointed for the militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein °®cers* after direcfed, shall rank with the officers of such of his majesty's forces as are liable to serve out of Great Britain, as youngest of their rank.

II And be it further enacted, That when the lieutenant of j^tenants3^ any county, riding, or place, shall be out of the kingdom of Jauyean^ 3 Great Britain, or when there hall be no lieutenant, it shall be when the lawful for his Majesty to authorise any three deputy lieutenants lieutenant

of such county, riding, or place, to grant commissions to officers ^ to serve in the militia for such county, riding, or place, upon any vacancy that hall then happen, in fucn manner as such lieutenant could do, and to do all other acts, matters, and things, which might lawfully have been done by the said lieutenant, and the same shall be good and valid in the law as if done by the said lieutenant himself.

III And be it further enabled, That no commission of any Commifiiotis

deputy lieutenant, nor any commission of any officer in the re

militia, already granted, or to be granted by any lieutenant or 0jth€e

vol, XXXV L 11 deputy grantor.

'

County lieutenant to have the chief command of the militia of his county, and to appoint 20 deputies.

Qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers in England in general.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107# [ 1.78-6.

deputy lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid was of were

IV And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every county, riding, or place, shall have the chief command of the militia within the county, riding, or place to which he Is appointed, and that twenty deputy lieutenants at the least shall be appointed within every county, riding, and place, if so many can be found qualified as herein after directed $ but if such number of persons, so qualified, cannot be found within any such county, riding, or place, then as many persons, so qualified, as can be found within such county, riding, or place, shall be appointed to be deputy lieutenants for the purposes of this act.

V And be it further enacted, That all persons to be appointed deputy lieutenants, or officers of the militia, in pursuance of this act (except within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth and Westmorland, the 1 fie of Ely in the county of Cambridge, the several counties and places within the dominion of Wales, and such cities and towns as are counties within themselves) shall be qualified as follows; (that is to say) every person foto be appointed a deputy lieutenant shall be seized or possessed, either in law or equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession, of a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for life, or for the life of his wife, (he having a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for her life, or for some greater estate, or of an estate for some long term of years, determinable on one or more life or lives, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of four hundred pounds: and every person foto be appointed a colonel shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manned be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two thousand pounds: and every person foto be appointed a lieutenant colonel shall in like manner be seized of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: and every person foto be appointed a major, ora captain, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed o a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundrec poqnds* or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or poflef

%

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C i07. £6$

fed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred, pounds: and every person foto be appointed lieutenant (ha 11 in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be possessed of a'personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand pounds, yor seized or poffefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand pounds, or (hail be son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or poffefied of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who shall be, or who at the time of his death was, poffefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of two thousand pounds, or seized or poffefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds : and that every person foto be appointed ari ensign shall in like manner be seized or poffefied of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be poffefied of a personal estate alone, to the amount of five hundred pounds, or seized or poffefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of alike estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who shall be, or who at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand pounds, or seized or poffefied of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand five hundred pounds, of which said estates required as qualifications for deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains respectively, one moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective counties, ridings, or divisions, in which they shall be appointed to serve.

VI And be it further enacted, That the estates requisite for Qualification the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Mon and officers in mouthy Wejlmorlani, and Rutland, and within every county and Cumberland, place in the dominion of Wales, shall be as follows; (that is to C fay), A deputy lieutenant shall in like manner be seized or possessed of, a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be heir apparent to a person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate a9 aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a colonel shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred pounds: a major, or captain, Thall in like aanner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the

L 11 2 yearly

0

Qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers for Ely.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III Cr 107. [1786.

yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or hall be son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand four hundred pounds: an ensign shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of three hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of six hundred pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his'death*was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred pounds: of all which respective estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective counties or divisions in which such officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

VII And be it further enabled, That the estates requisite. for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in \\xtljle of Ely, shall be as follows: a deputy lieutenant shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, pf'the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a captain shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of 3 like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds a lieutenant shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be poflefied of a personal estate to the amount of six hundret pounds, or shall be son of fgme person who shall be, or at the

tim

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. s65

time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds: an ensign shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of three hundred pounds, or shall be the son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate to the amount of six hundred pounds: of all which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants anden signs) one moiety shall be situate or arising within the said isle of Ely, or some other part of the county of Cambridge.

VIII And be it further enacted. That in all cities and towns Regulations which are counties within themselves, and have heretofore been with regard to empowered by law or ancient usage to raise and train a separate counties militia within their several precincts and liberties, and which wjthin them are united with, arid made part of any county or counties, for selves. the purposes of railing the militia only, the lieutenant of every such city or town, or, where there is no lieutenant appointed, then the chief magistrate of such city or townhall appoint the deputy lieutenants within such city or town, and shall also appoint officers of the militia, wliofe number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or townhall raise as their quota towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid; and all powers and provisions made by this at, with respect to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and the registering herein after directed of the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers, shall take place and be in force, with respect to the said cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the registering of the said qualifications; and the value of the respective qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of such cities and towns shall be as follows; every deputy lieutenant shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and every field officer shall respectively be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of five thousand pounds: and the qualification of a captain shall be a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, or real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand five hundred pounds: and tjhe qualification of a lieutenant shall be a like

L 11 3 estate

Leases on

Arno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 107. [1786.

estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value of seven hundred and ‘fifty pounds: and the qualification of an ensign shall be a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value of four hundred pounds : of all which real estates respectively (except those for the qualification of lieutenants and ensigns) one moiety, shall be situate or arising within such city or town, or within the county to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid..

.., IX Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the

jiypn pr «AAI J * * ^

perann to be immediate reversion or remainder of and in manors, meftuages, deemed equal lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which are leased for one life, to a qualifica or for two or three lives, or for any term of years determinable before f^ci*1" upon le eat f one life, or f two or three lives on reserved fiecteof 100u rents anc which are to the lessee or lessees of the clear yearly per ann. and value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an effo proportion tate herein before required as a qualification of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and foin proportion to the several other qualifications required by this act.

X And be it further enacted. That a person possessed, either in law or equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession, of an estate for a certain term originally granted for twenty years or more, of an annual value (over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same) equal to the value of such an estate as is required for the qualification of a

qualifications, deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer of the militia respec to be deemed lively, and fittfate as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby deemed qualifications. ark declared to be, sufficiently qualified to at in the execution of this at.

XI And be it further enacted. That no person (hail hereafter be appointed to be deputy lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or be appointed to a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the clerk of the

Estates granted for 20 years, of an annual value equal to the value of the estates herein required for

No commission superior to a lieutenant to be granted till

tion^sddiver pace the county, riding, or place, for which he shall be aped

in

pointed. Or (in the absence of the clerk of the peace) to his deputy, a specific description in writings signed by himself, of his qualification, dating the parish or parishes in which the estate or estates which form his qualification is or are situate; and the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall transmit to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, a copy of such description; and no commission granted after the passing of this at, for a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the commission, that the officer to whom the commission is given, hath delivered in his qualification as above directed.

already grant XII And be it further enacted, That every deputy lieutenant ed to be void and every officer now holding a commission as colonel, lieute unlef8 quali nant colonel, major, or captain in the militia, who hath not ficationaare transmitted

Commiftions

1786.} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. 867

transmitted a specific description as before directed, of his qua delivered in lifieation for holding such commiffidii, to the clerk of the peace bear Jaa* as aforesaid, shall, within six months from and after the first day 17 7* of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, transmit such specific description of his qualification for holding such commission to the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, xand the clerk of the peaces or his deputy, shall forthwith transmit a true copy thereof to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or to the deputy lieutenants, who shall be authorised according to the directions of this act to execute the office of lieutenant 3 and in case any such officer shall not transmit such specific description of his qualification as aforesaid to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, within the time before limited for that purpose, his deputation or commission shall be void, and he shall be incapable of being a deputy lieutenant, or of serving as an officer in the militia again in the same or any higher rank.

XIII And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace Qualifications of every county, riding, and place, shall, and he is hereby rec *° be inquired to enter the qualifications transmitted to him according qa^ett^^and to the directions of this act upon a roll, to be provided and kept ijfta to be an for that purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Ga nually laid, by zette the dates of the commissions, and names and rank of the the secretary officers, together with the names of the officers in whose room they are appointed, in like manner as commissions in the army menu ^ are published from the war office, and he is hereby authorised to charge the expense of such insertion in the Gazette for each commission, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, in the month of January in every year, transmit to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of it ate a complete account of the qualifications so left with him, and the secretary of (late receiving such accounts shall cause copies thereof to be annually laid before both houses of parliament; and every deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer not hav Deputy netting already taken and subscribed the oaths, and made, repeated, tenaijts, C and subscribed the declaration as required by this act, shall, at oaths within some general quarter session of the peace, or in one of his Ma six months jesty's courts of record at Westminster, within six months after after ap he shall have accepted his commission, take the oaths appointed pointment. to be taken by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty King george the First, entitled, An act for the further fe curiiy of his Majesty s p erf on and government, and the fuccejjion of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, - being protestants, and for extinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and Jeer et abettors; and also by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the assurance, and for amending so much of an act of the seventh year of her late majesty ghieen Anne, entitled, An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as after the time therein limited requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned topersons indicted of high

L 11 4 treasony

868

Penalty on persons a mg, who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their qualifications

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii" III C 107. [1786;

treason, or mifprifidn of treason; and shall alfd make, repeat, and subscribe the declaration in the said at of the first year of King George the First directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers civil and military.

XIV And be it further enacted, That if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific description of his qualification as is herein before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific description of his qualification as is herein before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the same; and in every action, suit, orjnfor mation, brought against any person for acsting as deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, not being qualified as herein before directed, the proof of his qualification ^ shall lie upon the person against whom the same is brought: Peers or their provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall restrain ren^mav actor Prevent any Peer f this realm, or heir apparent of any such though not * peer, from being appointed, or acting as a deputy lieutenant, pofiefied of or a commissioned officer in the militia, within the county, qualifications, riding, or place wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall have some place of residence, although he may not have the qualification herein before required; or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer, who shall be appointed a deputy lieutenant or commissioned officer as aforesaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or place for which he shall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid.

rfoscer8who lt: furt^er enacted, That the lieutenant of‘any

have served ° county riding, or place, together with any three or more de five years puty lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence may^whenthe of any such lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, ^bodiedn°be at enc evei7 ^ve yeafs, at their annual meetings to' <difmified and Golden as herein after is directed, in case the militia of such county, riding, or place, shall not be then embodied, discharge some one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and such a number of officers of each inferior rank, in each regiment, battalion, and independent company, as shall be equal to the number of persons who shall have given notice in writing to the lieutenant of such county, riding, or place, one month at thd lead before such meeting, that they are willing to serve as field officers, captains, lieutenants, or ensigns, as the case may require: provided always. That the number of vacancies to be made by discharging such officers shall not exceed one third of such officers who shall have served for the space of five years in each rank respectively: provided also, That nothing herein contained

others appointed.

Inferior officers when

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. 869

tained shall prevent any officer serving, or who has served in qualified, may the militia in an inferior rank, from offering himself to serve in hlfiher a higher rank, if he be qualified to serve in such higher rank.

XVI And be it further enacted. That the lieutenant of every County lieu county, riding, and place, shall from time to time appoint a tenants, and clerk of the general meetings to be held as herein after di appointclss redted, and may displace such clerk if he shall think fit, and ap for their point another in his room; and the deputy lieutenants within meetings, their respective subdivisions, or the major part of those present

at any subdivision meeting, shall also, from time to time, appoint a clerk for their subdivisions, and may displace such clerk if they, or the major part of them, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

XVII And be it further enacted, That the number of pri Numbers of vate men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be as follows 5

(that is to say;) respectively.

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Berks, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Bucks, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Cbejler, with the city and county of the city of Cbejier 1 five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cornwall, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city / of Exeter one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Pool) six hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of Ejsex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of gloucejler, with the city and county of the city of gloucejler, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the county of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the county of Middksex, (exclusive of the tower division, commonly called The Tower Hamletj), one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Northampton, six hundred and forty;

For

870 Anno vicefim° sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town pf Berwick upon Tweed, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Nottingham; with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Salop ± six hundred and forty.

For the county of Somerset, eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton, with the tpwn and county of).. the town of Southampton, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Surrey, eight hundred.

For the county of Sussex, eight hundred.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Westmoreland, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the' city of Worcester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Wilts, eight hundred.

the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, one thousand two hundred and forty:

For the north riding of the said county, seven hundred and twenty:

And for the east riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, four hundred.

For the county of Anglesea, eighty.

For the county of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Carmarthenwith the county borough of Carmarthen, two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the county of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan, three hundred and sixty.

For the county of Merioneth, eighty.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford West, one hundred and sixty.

And for the county of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

fb^homin113 XVIII And be it further enacted, That general meetings of general mettle lieutenancy of every county, riding, and place, shall be ings of jieute holder! in some principal town of every such county, riding, nancy. and place; and such general meetings shall consist of the lieutenant, together with two deputy lieutenants at the least, or, on the death or removal, or in the absence of the lieutenant, then of three deputy lieutenants at the least of every county, riding,

and

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III 0.107. 871

and place respectively; and one such general meeting shall, be held within every county, ridings and place, annually, upon the raft Tuesday which shall happen before the twenty-fourth day of October in eery year; and the lieutenant, together with any two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death pr removal, or in the absence of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, when and as often as they shall findneceffary for carrying the purposes of this at duly and fully into execution, may summon, or cause to be summoned, other general meetings of the lieutenancy, on any days to be fixed by such summons, of which days, and the places of holding such meetings respectively, notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any weekly newspaper usually circulated in such county, riding, or place, fourteen days at the least before »

the days appointed for holding such meetings respectively; and! in case any annual or other general meeting shall not be attended by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants, as herein before required, the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, who shall attend at such meeting, shall and may adjourn the same to any other time, and to any place within such county, riding, or place; and in case no deputy lieutenant shall attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy, shall adjourn such meeting to any other time, to be held at. the same place.

XIX And be it further enacted. That meetings of the de Regulations puty lieutenants within the subdivisions of their respective forsubdivifioa counties, ridings, and places, shall be held as herein after me in directed; which subdivision meetings shall consist of two deputy lieutenants at the lead : provided always, that at any subdivision

meeting appointed according to the directions of this acct, where two deputy lieutenants do not attend, it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, within which such subdivision lies, to do all acb, matters, and things, which are by this act directed to be done by deputy lieutenants, at their re fpe&ive subdivision meetings 5 and all such acts, matters, and things, so done by any such deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if they had been done by two deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place; anything in this a to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks Clerk to give of the subdivision meetings shall, as soon as conveniently may dwifionmeet be after any such subdivision meeting shall have been appointed, ing8 to the give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to such deputy lieu of the deputy lieutenants who shall be resident within such tenants, etc, subdivision, as he conveniently can, and also to the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, if on actual service, or

(if not oil actual service) to the colonel thereof, or (in case of the absence of the colonel from.great Britain) to the next commanding

872 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

manding'officer within Great Britain, and an account of the several days fixed for receiving lifts, and for ballotting, and for inrolling the militia men within such subdivision; and shall, as soon as the militia men are enrolied, likewise transmit to the colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid a list specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode of all such militia men as are enrolied, and where there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of the persons in he room of whom they were enrolled as substitutes.

When a suffi XXI And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that

donouttend^ ^lere not appear at any subdivision meeting, two deputy anothernfcet* tautenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the ing to be ap peace, the clerk of such meeting shall, by notice to be given in pointed with writing to all the deputy lieutenants within such subdivision, or in 14 days. ]eft at trheir respective places of abode, appoint another meeting to be held, within fourteen days, at the same place where such meeting was to have been held, such notice being given five days at the lead previous to such meeting.

Annual meet XXII And be it further enacted. That the lieutenant and in<fint fubdi ^eputy lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, at every annual 'vision meet meeting to be held as hereinbefore directed, shall appoint ing8, and to the first meetings of the deputy lieutenants within the several require lists of subdivisions of their respective counties, ridings, and places, persons liable which said first meetings shall be appointed to be held as early o erve. afj; er ^ twenty, fourth say of October in every year, as conveniently may be; and the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or the said deputy lieutenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the time and place for a second general meeting, and shall issue out their orders to the chief constables, and where there is no chief constable, to some other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, within their respective counties, ridings, and places, requiring every such chief constable or other officer as aforesaid, to issue an order under his hand to all constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of every parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to return to the deputy lieutenants within their refpeduve subdivisions, at the places, and on the days appointed at the first general meeting in every year, fair and true lists in writing of the names of all the men usually and at that time dwelling within their refpediive pariihes, tythings, and places, between the ages of eighteen and fortyfive years, distinguishing their respective tanks and occupations, and where the true names of such persons cannot be procured, the common appellation of such persons shall be sufficient, and distinguishing which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as militia men, having first affixed a Copies of lists true copy of every such list on the door of the church or chapel to ^ act^xedh belonging to every such parish, tything, or place, or (if any doore&c.uic pace have no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the church or chagel of some parish or place thereto

adjoining,

1786.} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. 873

adjoining, on same Sunday morning before they shall make such return, which Sunday shall be three days at the lead before the said meeting, and also notice in writing, at the bottom of the said copy of every such list, of the day and place of such meeting, and that all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no appeal will be afterward received; and on the days, and at the places so respectively appointed Con (tables to as aforesaid, for the returns of the lists, the constables, tything ^onfoa^h*1^ men, headboroughs, or other officers respectively, shall attend upon oa and verify the said returns upon oath; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in their respective subdivisions, shall (after hearing any person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his name inserted in any such list, or by the omission of any other name) direcft such list to be amended, as the case shall require, and shall also direct Subdivision the names of all persons by this at respectively excepted from meetings to serving in the militia, to be struck out of the said list, and shall and make reappoint the times and places for their second meetings, within turns to the their respecfive subdivisions, and shall return to the clerk of the clerk of the general meetings, for the use of the said general meetings, cer general meet tificates under their hands of the number of men in each in^s' parish, tything, or place specified in the list so amended, and the same shall be filed by the clerk for the use of the general meetings.

XXIII And be it further enabled. That the lieutenant of General any county, riding, or place, together with any three or more meetings may deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the ab p^fnted^ub fence of any lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, divisions, etc. at any general meeting held as before directed, alter the appointed subdivisions within such county, riding, or place, if they

shall see occasion;; also may alter the established allotment of the number of men in each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, to serve in the militia, towards railing, the number of militia men by this act directed to be raised for such county, riding, or place, according to the numbers contained in such respective certificates last received from the several subdivision meetings.

XXIV And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieute Deputy lieu nants assembled at their said second meeting, within any subdivi tenants to ap fion as aforesaid, shall appoint what number of men shall serve

for each parish, tything, and place within such subdivision, in proportion to the number last appointed, in the manner herein serve for each before directed, at a general meeting, to serve for each hun parish, etc. dred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, and shall appoint atre.t?/be another meeting to be held, within three weeks from the day a ot e or on which such meeting was held, within the same subdivi (ion, and shall issue out an order to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, requiring them to give notice to the Nconstable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds,

rapes.

Persons chosen to take the following

Oath;

and to be enrolled for 5 years.

Persons chosen may find substitutes, who are then to be enrolled and sworn.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 107. [1786.

tapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, of the number of men so appointed to serve for such parish, tything, or place, and of the time and place of the next subdivision meeting; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such appointment, shall cause the number of men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by ballot out of the list returned for every parish, tything, or place aforesaid, and shall appoint another meeting to be held withirt three weeks in the same subdivision, and shall issue out an order to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to diredfc thfe constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, tything, or place, to give notice to every man so chosen to serve in the militia, to appear at such meeting, which noticfe shall be given or left at his place of abode, at least seven days before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall attend such meeting, and make a return upon oath of the days when such notice was served;; every person so chosen by ballot shall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take the following oath; (that is to say),,

I A. B. do sincerely promise and fvoear, That I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and 1 do swear, That 1 am a protejlant, and that 1 will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time of five years for ivbich I am enrolled unless I shall be sooner discharged;;

every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the space of five years: provided always, That if any person so chosen by ballot shall produce for his substitute a man of the same county or riding, or of some adjoining county or riding, able and fit for service, who shall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, such substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the space of five years, and also for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of five years, his Majesty shall order and direct the militia for which such man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein after provided; and such substitute shall take the following oath:

I A. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That 1 will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, That I am a protejlant, and that I will faithfully serve in the tnihtia9 within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same during the time of five years or for such further time as

the

1786"] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107.

the militia Shall remain embodied, if within the space of five years his majesty Shall order and dir eft the militia to be drawn out and embodiedunlefs I Shall be sooner discharged.

875

And any person so chosen by bailot, for whom such substitute (hail have been so produced, approved, enrolied, and fwojn as aforesaid, shall be exempt from service in the militia, in the same manner as if he himself had served according to the directions of this act.

XXV And be it further enacted, That if, through the neg If the full lector mistake of any chief constables, constables, or other officers,

or from any ojher cause, the full number of men appoint afresh ballot ed for any subdivision (hold not be duly enrolled at the meet to be taken, ing appointed for that purpose, as before directed, then the deputy lieutenants, at their said meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required, immediately to cause the lists to he amended, and to proceed to a fresh bailot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the amending of the lists, as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this a£fc duly and fully into execution; and it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant One deputy to administer the oath herein before required to be taken by ™ay admini persons to serve in the militia, to any person ballotted, or to oat

any person offering as a volunteer .under the directions of this actor to any person who, being qualified as this act requires,

shall offer to serve as a substitute; and such deputy lieutenant is hereby authorised to direct and require the clerk of the subdivision for which every such person by whom, the said oath lias been before him taken is to serve, to inroll the name of every such person, together with the date of the day on which the said oath was so administered to him, in the roll of such subdivision'

And be it further enacted, That if any person cho Perfcms chosen by bailot, according to the directions of this act, to serve ten and not in the militia (not being one of the people called jquakers),

shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said oath, and ror ei 10 * serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and sign his consent to serve as his substitute, every such person so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of five years be liable to serve again, or provide a ftitute; and in default of payment of such penalty, or for war If penalty be of sufficient effects whereon to levy the same, the name of such not paid, the person shall be entered on the roll, and such person shall be de compelled livered over to Tome proper officer of the regiment, battalion, feryc# or independent company, for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve for such term, to be computed from the time of his being apprehended, as any other person who (hold 1

be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same puniftiments, for afterwards absconding or deferring, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared.

host ea by

Per fans herein specified exempted from serving, C

lists for two places may be added together.

Newliftstobe made out when any are lost.

Penalty on constables neglecting their duty, See

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

peared, and been duly sworn and enrolled as a militia man.

XXVII Provided always and be it further enacted, That no peer of this realm, nor any person who shall serve as a commit, fioned officer in any regiment, troop, or company in his Ma jetty's other foroes, or in any one of his majesty's cattles or" sorts, nor any.non commissioned officer, or private man, serving in any of his majesty's other foroes, nor any commissioned officer serving, or who has served four years in the militia, nor any person being a member of either of the universities, nor any clergyman, nor any licensed teacher of any separate congregation, nor any constable or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, seaman, or seafaring man, nor any person muttered, trained, and doing duty, or employed in any of his majesty's docks or dock yards, for the service thereof, or employed and muttered in his majesty's service in the tower of London, Woolwich warren, the several gun wharves at Portsmouth or at the several powder mills, powder magazines, or other storehouses belonging to his Majesty under the direction of the board of ordnance, nor any person being.free of the company of watermen of the river Thames, nor any poor man who has more than one child born in wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve, in the militia; and no person having served personally, or by substitute, according to the directions of this actor any former at or acts, shall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it. shall come to his turn; but no person who has served only as a substitute shall by such service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by ballot.

XXVIII And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, within thejr respective subdivisions, to add together, whensoever they shall think necessary, the lists for two or more parishes, tythings, or places, and proceed upon such lists added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parish, tything, or place, so as to make the choice of militia men by ballot within every such subdivision as equal and impartial as possible.

XXIX And be it further enacted, That if the list of any parish, tything, or place, shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or mors them, to cause a new list in such parish, tything, or place, to ol made and returned to them at their next subdivision meeting, in thy same manner as the list lost or destroyed was made, and ough to have been returned to them, by direction of the general meeting.

XXX And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants within any subdivision, or any two or more of them, from time to time, to issue their order or warrant, under their hands and seals, requiring the attendance of the constable, tythingmari, headborough, or other officer of any pariffi, tything, or place, within such subdivision, at such time

i and

i fjt6'\ Anno vicesimo feiio Georgii III C 107. 877

and place as in such order, or warrant shall be expreifed; atid if any such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer,

shall refuse or uegled to appear according to such order or warrant, or if any chief constable or other officer of any hundred, rape, lathv wapentake, or other division, or any constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any parish, t) thing, or place, shall refuse or neglefl to return any such list as before directed, or to comply with such orders and directions as he shall from time to time receive from the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this act, of shall in making such return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality or gross neglect, in his duty, the said deputy lieutenants or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, or at their discretion to fine such person in any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty Shillings

XXXI And be it further enacted, That any perfotl who Sol penalty shall by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof, of of de^urin any indemnification, or by menaces, or otherwise, endeavour procure false to prevail on any chief constable, constable, tythingman, head returns, and borough, or other officer, to make A sale return of any list for fol. on persons any parish, rything, or place, or to erase or leave out of any such list the name of any person who ought to be returned to * serve as a militia man, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds $ and if any pef son shall refuse to tell his christian and surname, or shall falsely tell a christian or surname, pretending the same to be his true christian or surname, or shall refuse to tell the christian or surname of any man lodging or residing within his or her house, of shall knowingly tell any false name, pretending it to be the true name of any such person, to any constable, tythingman, or other officer authbrifed by this act to demand the same, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds,

XXXII And be it further enacted, That every person cho Persons

fen by ballot to serve in the militia shall be liable to such service, removed frolit although he may have removed from the place where his name the plate was inserted in the list, provided he was residing in such place where ballots at the time when the list was, according to the directions Of edfor^ele* this jd prepared; and every person liable to serve in the miliria, bipng more than one place of residence, shall serve for the jnty, riding, or place where his name shall have been first |rted in such list as a sore fa id; and the clerk to the subdivision leering to which such list shall be returned, shall, if such person requires the same, grant a certificate gratis under his hand, that such person's name was inserted in such list, and specifying the time when such list was made and returned.

XXXIII And be it further enacted, That where any parish

shall lie in two or more counties or ridings, the inhabitants of bngdng to the such pariffi shall serve in the militia of that county or riding countywhere wherein the church belonging to such parish is fituatedy and in the church Vol, XXXV M m m tbal is situate

Persons fraudulently bound apprentice, liable to serve, and the matter to forfeit id.

Two deputy

lieutenants may provide fubttitutes foi quakers, and levy the expense by dif trd'f, (See.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

that such parish shall, for all the purposesof this act, be deemr ed part of that county or riding. V

XXXIV Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any two or more deputy lieutenants shall at any of their subdivision meetings receive information, or shall suspect, that any person whose name is inserted in any list, and deferrbed as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice, in order to avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for them to make inquiry thereof, and to summon such persons as they shall think necessary, to appear before them at such time and place as they shall appoint, and to examine such persons upon oath; and in case it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants to appoint such person, so fraudulently bound apprentice, to serve as a militia man for the parish, tything, or place for which such list shall have been returned, if there shall be a vacancy; and if there shall be no vacancy at that time, then upon the first vacancy that shall happen; and the person to whom such apprentice shall have been so bound shall for such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.'

XXXV And be it further enacted. That if any person, being one of the people called 'uakers, shall be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the oath and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve as the substitute of such qua ker, then, and in every such case, any two or more deputy lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit person to serve as a substitute for such quaker, and such substitute shall take the fakl oath, and subscribe his consent to serve in the militia, for the same term, and on the same conditions, as is herein before directed in the case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by bailot; and any two or more deputy lieutenants may, and are hereby authorised, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such quaker, such sum of money as (hail be necessary to defray the expense of providing and hiring such substitute, rendering to such quaker the overplus (if any after deducing the charges of such distress and sale; and if no goods or chattels belonging to such quaker can be found sufficient to levy such distress, and it shall nevertheless appear fatisfadlorily to such deputy lieutenants, that such quaker is of sufficient ability to pay the sum of ten pounds, then it (lull be lawful for such deputy lieutenants to commit such quaker to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or main prize, for the space of three months, or pntil he shall have paid such sum of money as such deputy lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such substitute as aforesaid.; and in case any measures shall be used in making distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such quaker to complain to the deputy

lieutenants

Ahno vicesimo sexto gfrctegit till. C 167. iff

lieutenants at their next meeting, who are hereby impcrwered "

ahd required to hear and ftnalfy determine.the same.

XXXVI And be it further enabled, That where any rate Justices ttfajr thall have been made for the providing of volunteers, accord order

ing to the directions of this act, and the churchwardens or over f levy seers shall make complaint to a justice of the peace, that any ingbydistress, Quaker refuses to pay the turn or sum of m: ney he or they (hail wherequakertf be r^ted at, such justice shall order such costs and charges to be t0 paf. paid for levying such distress as he shall think reasonable, not ratea# exceeding ten Shillings on each of the said quakers, where there are no more than two, and where there are a greater number than two, not exceeding five drillings on each of the said quakers: provided always. That no man shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a quaker, within the meaning of this acff, unlefe he shall produce before the deputy lieutenants, at some of their subdivision meetings, a certificate, under the hands of two or more reputable housekeepers, being of the people called ghiaters, acknowledging such man to be one of their perfua lion.

XXXVII And be it further enacffed, That whenever it shah perfoud urifiv Appear to any two or more deputy lieutenants, affembledat any to serve, wherf subdivision meeting, that any person chosen by ballot to serve chosen, may in the militia is unable, by reason of arty infirmity, or is not of

the full height of five feet four inches, or is otherwise unfit for i^utcnanw. ^

the service, and is not' seized or possessed of an estate in land,

goods, or money, of the clear value of one hundred pounds,

and who shall make oath that he is not seized or possessed of

such estate, such deputy lieutenants shall, and are hereby im

powered and required to discharge such person, and immediately

to amend the list for the place for which such person shall have

been ballotted, and to cause another person to be chosen in his

stead By bailot, according to the directions of this af.

XXXVIII and.be it further ena&fcd, That whenever any Persons be, militia man, after having been sworn and enrolied, shall become coming unfit urtfit for service, it shall be lawful for the colonel or command ^tehar^d ing officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company by tbecca^c to which such militia man shall belong, together With any two manding offi 0r more deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to cer;

which such regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs, if the said regiment, battalion, or independent company fliali then be within the said county, riding, or place, or for the commanding officer only, if the said regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be absent therefrom, to discharge1 any militia man of his regiment, battalion, or independent company; but another man shall not be balloted for, in the room which dif* of such militia man so discharged, until such discharge shall b0 ^onfirmed Confirmed under the h^nds of two ot more deputy lieutenants by twod^uty of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, batta lieutenants lion, or independent cqriipany belongs, assembled at any meeting in the subdivision for which such militia mkri was enrolled.

Maim % XXIX Arid

o Ahno vieefitno sexto Georgii III C 107# [178^

Vacancies oc. XXXIX And be it further enacted, That when any militia deathc&c^to man shall,, before the expiration of the term for which he war befilledup by t0 serve die, or be appointed a sergeant, corporal, or drummer, a frefti bailot, in the militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court-martial, the vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a fresh ballot for a militia man to serve according to the provw fions of this act, except as is herein before excepted.

At subdivision XL And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the iftci^ik8ii, mc ^eputy lieutenants, at their fevtral subdivision meetings, shall., for^in room of an they, are hereby required to ballot for militia men, in the those whore room of all militia men actually serving, whose terras of service terms of fer will expire before the twentieth day of November then next en vicewillex suing the holding of such subdivision meetings, and shall at a n^xt^fuid^ meet*ng> t0 he held as soon as conveniently may

be, proceed to inrol the said ballotted men, or their substitutes } the commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, and independent company, is hereby empowered from time to time? to discharge any man of his regiment, battalion, or independent company, whose time of service will expire before the twentieth day of November then next ensuing, and to; receive any other militia man in his room, who shall have taken the oath, and been enrolled according to the directions of this act; and every such man so discharged, if serving for himself, shall be entitled to the same immunity from further service as if he had served his full term; and if any such man so discharged was serving as a substitute, then the person for whom he served shall be entitled to the like immunity as aforesaid.

Half the price XLI And be it further enacted. That in case any perfoti 6f volunteers not possessed of an estate in land, goods, or money, of. the clear fons^hofenby va^ue of five hundred pounds, and who shall make oath that he bailot, who 7 is riot possessed of such estate, shall be chosen by ballot to serve are not worth in the militia for any parish, tything, or place, when the said 5°ol. militia is drawn, or ordered out for actual service, and such person

shall be sworn and enrolied, or shall provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who shall be sworn and enrolied, the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish, tything, or place, shall, on receiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants acting withii? the subdivision wherein such parish, tything, or place is situate, pay to every such person, so chosen by bailot, any such sum of money, not exceeding the sum which such deputy lieutenants shall adjudge to be as near as may be one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county, riding, or place where such person was so chosen, whdfh said sum of money shall be taken out of the poor's rate, to be made as herein after directed for providing and producing volunteers, or in case no volunteers shall be provided or produced by the churchwardens or overseers, then out of a rate to be made and collected agreeable to the poor's rate, as herein after also directed; and in case any church warden or overseer of the poor shall refuse or neglect to pay such money, upon demand, and the producing of such or

1786.] Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii III C 107.

der, every such churchwarden or overseer, so refusing or neg je&ing to make such payment, shall, for every such offende, forfeit the sum of five pounds, one half of which penalty shall be paid to the person so chosen by bailot, in liey of the sum ordered to be paid to him as aforesaid: provided always. That if any man so chosen by bailot, and serving for himself, shall, within one month after his inrollment, be disapproved of, and discharged by the officer commanding the regiment, battalion, or independent company, such sum shall not be paid to the person so chosen by bailot, but shall be paid, in manner before mentioned, to the next person chosen by ballot in his stead; and if any substitute be disapproved and discharged in manner aforesaid, then no such sum shall be paid to the man so chosen by bailot, whose substitute shall have been so disapproved and discharged, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another substitute, who shall be approved by such commanding officer as aforesaid.

XLII And be it further enaftcd. That if the churchward Volunteers ens or overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, may be raised shall, with the consent of the inhabitants, taken at a vestry, or ™th rhtlc^n‘ at any other meeting to be held for that purpose, for the cal habitants Vnd ling of which vestry or meeting three days public notice shall a rate eftab be given, specifying the cause of calling such vestry or meeting, lifoed for pay provide and produce to the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any subdivision meeting for phoofing thebount, e militia men by bailot, any volunteer or volunteers who shall be approved by such deputy lieutenants, such volunteer or volunteers, so approved, shall be then and therelworn in and inroli ed, to serve for such term, and on the same conditions, as is herein before provided in case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by bailot; and the said deputy lieutenants shall cause only such number of persons to be chosen by ballot out of the list returned for such parish, tything, or place, as shall be then wanted to makeup the whole number to serve for such pa risti, tyrhing, or place; and if any such churchwardens or overseers shall give to such volunteer or volunteers any sum or sum? of money, not exceeding six pounds each, to serve in the militia for such parish, tything, or place, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to make a rate upon the inhabitants of such parish, tything, or place, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor, which rate (being approved by any justice of the peace) it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to collect, and to reimburse themselves such sum or sums of money as they shall have paid to such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and the overplus (if any) shall be applied as part of the poor's rate; and if any person shall refuse to pay such rate, it shall be lawful for any justicp of the peace, upon complaint thereof made by any such churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under his hand and seal, to levy the same by distress and sale of the offenders goods ajuj fbattels, returning the overplus, (if any), after the said rate,

.1 * m m 3 and

881 Amo vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. f 178

and the charges pf such distress and sale, shall be paid; but no perfpn choifen by ballot who shall have served in the militia, either by himself, or by substitute, according to the directions of this act, or anytother act or acts, or who shall be then serve mg himself, or by substitute, shall be liable to pay to any such rate: provided always, That if any person shall think himself aggrieved by any such rate as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, in like manner as is provided in the case of appeals against rates for the relief of the

p^or.

Justices may XLIII And be it further enacted, That if any servant what? determine dif ever, hired by the year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a mi fcrv^nts^en 611 man' an any dispute shall arise between his master or mifr roikd asili tres employer or employers, and such servant, touching any tia men, and sum or sums of money due to such servant for or on account pf fthcir metres, his service performed before the time of such swearing and inr respecting aliment, or to such time as, under the conditions of the said

wages. wearing and inrollment, he shall be obliged to quit the service

of his said master or mistress, employer or employers, by being called out to join the militia in which he shall have been so sworn and enrolied, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the said service, to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, fcity? liberty, town corporate, or place where such master or mistress, employer or employers, shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or witnesses, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in question do nor exceed the sum „pf twenty pounds; and in case of refufalor nonpayment of any Turns so ordered by the space of twenty-one days next after such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his and their warrant to levy the same, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such master or mistress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges pf such distress and sale.

XLIV And be it further enacted, That any person, who shall receive money from any other person to serve as his substitute in the militia, or from any churchwardens or overseers thevdonot ^ Poor t0 ^erve as a volunteer as. aforesaid, and shall neglect

to appear at the usual meeting appointed for swearing the militia men, or before some one deputy lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to thedireftions of this act, every such person so neglectingto appearand be sworn, being convicted thereof before any deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace, shall be obliged to return the money to the person or persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay, ' to such person or persons, any sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, at the difcrp lion of the deputy jfeurenant or justice of the peace before whom \ ', i; lie,

Penalty on substitutes, C who do not appear, they do not return the bounty.

Hbsted by

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. s83

he shall be so convlisted, 5 and if such offender shall not immediately return the money so by him received as aforesaid, apd likewise pay the said penalty, he shall be committed to the common goal or house of correction for the space of fourteen days, or until the said sum shall be returned. :

XLV And be it further enacted, that if any person chosen Justices may by ballot to serve in the militia shall harve engaged any other order pay person to serve as his substitute, or if any churchwardens or [yto fubfu" ' overseers of the poor shall have engaged any person to serve as a tutes, etc. ac volumeer as aforesaid, and the person so chosen by bailot, or'cording to a<sfc such churchwardens or overseers shall have agreed to pay to the Geo« ! person so engaged, a certain sum for such service, and shall, C L after such person has been enrolied, refuse to pay him the full sum agreed on, it shall be lawful for any one justice of the peace, on application made to him, and such justice is hereby required to order such sum of money as shall appear to him to be due to the person so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the person or persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and such justice shall proceed therein in the same manner as is directed by an act of the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, For the better adjujling and more easy recovery C f the wages of certain fervent s, and for the better regulating of such servants, and of certain apprentices. - * * ' *

XLVI And be it further enacted, That whenever anybody When a regtr of militia shall be embodied, and absent from the county, riding, jjg or .place to which it belongs, the commanding officer of such Jifoof men body of militia shall apply to every man whose time shall be wilungtocon within four months of expiring, and who, in his judgement, tinue to serve, shall be fit'to serve as a militia man, and inquire if he is willing their

to continue in the service for such term as any man who should be

be then balloted to serve would be subject to, and for what price tranfrnittedby or sum he will continue; and such commanding officer shall, thecomrtand on the first day of the months of January, March, Jub* *ng officer

and November respectively, or as fooo after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting of the county, riding, or place, to which his body of militia belongs, a list of all such private militia men in such body of militia, as he shall find willing to continue in the service, in which list shall be set down the sums they are respectively willing to continue for, and which list shall be signed by every such militia man as aforesaid and shall be iqade in the following form;

yi&?

M m r14

Dated

8$4 Anno vicesimo fekto Georgii III C 107. [i; r6,

Dated the day of

§ 1 C n % 0 n. CL Name of the men actually serving. o' +, 315 - C cr r 5" O "*» i — tr O CI "Vo 2. s3 In the hundred of Time of service expires on the Sumfor which they engage ' to serve. go f n o O 3 3 P.., *? « t r'

A. CD P. H. - A. B.

E. F. L.M. 4l I. E. F.

G. K. R. 1v. G. K.

And that the (igning of the said roll shall be binding upon the persons (igning the same, to all intents and purposes whatfpever. injiftmentof xlv11. And be it further enacted, That in case any office, fn^th^stand (pjeant, or other person, shall at any time wilfully and knowing army to mjift any man to serve in his majesty's other foroes, who

be void. at the time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the militia, very such enlisting shall be deemed null and void 5 and in case any militia rpan, at the time of offering to enlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the officer, ferjeanr, or other person recruiting for men to enlist and serve in his majesty's other foroes, that he is (at the time of his offering to enlist) a militia mi'itia men pian a<^ua^y *nro^ed and engaged to serve (which the said offewng^o^n °fficer> sergeant, or other person, is hereby required to ask every list into other man offering to enlist in his majesty's other forces), or shall of regiments to fer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other regiment, bat *a^on' or independent company of militia, every militia man andif°ad: ually offering shall, on convidiion thereof, upon the oath of one iriliftedpto * Witness before any one justice of the peace, be committed to the serve in such common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, with regiment out kajj or mainprize, for and during any time not exceeding r^from'the " r*lont^s»over an above any penalty or punishment to which ipilitia. such person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable $ and

, V "1 every person so offending, from the day on which his engagement

to serve in the militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong,

aa soldier, to such corps of his majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so enlisted; and if any officer, sergeant, or other person shall enlist any man belonging to the militia, to serve in his majesty's other foroes, knowing him tp belong to the militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the men to forfeit mjjjt; aj eyery such officer, sergeant, or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and Soldiers offer jf any person actually serving in any of his majesty's other forces fubftkutepe ^ er himfdfto serve an ke *nro^e<j as a substitute in the forfeit iol' militia, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay, to the person informing of such offence, the sum of ten pounds, or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months,

o xlvin. And

Persons foin lifting militia

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III G. 107.' 885

XL VIII And be it farther enacted, That if any person shall Personsorder* give orders to any sergeant, drummer, or other person.serving ferie^nt^» in the militia, to beat up in any city, town, or place, for vo mhuiatb beat lunteers to serve in the militia, the person who shall give such up for volun orders shall, upon proof thereof, and of such beating up as teers, to for aforesaid, upon oath, before any justice of the peace, forfeit lo and pay the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety whereof shall be applied to the use of the person who shall make information thereof before any justice of the peace; and if such sergeant, Sergeants re drummer, or other person, shall refuse to declare upon oath, dc

before such justice, from whom he received such orders, it shall thtmtuch^or be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warders, tobeim^ rant under his hand and seal, to commit such feijeant, drum prisoned. nier, or other person, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLIX And be it farther enacted, That the clerks of all fub Rolls fignedat division meetings shall, within fourteen days after every fubdi ^etin^to vision meeting, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting of be^ranfmitted the county, riding, or place, fair and true copies of such rolls to the general as shall be signed at such meeting. meeting.

jl. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every coun A state of the ty, riding, and place shall, and he is hereby required to transmit to number of his majesty's privy council, annually, an account in writing of the pcrf°ns liable true state of the number of persons fit and liable to serve in the mi transmitted C litia for such county, riding, or place; and that after the said account annually to shall be so transmitted, his majesty's privy council (hail forthwith the privy six and settle, as near as may be, the number of militia men who council, who shall for the future serve for each county, riding, or place, by the the miota for proportion which the numbers so returned bear to the whole num each place, her of militia men by this act directed to be raised, and to transmit and transmit accounts of the numbers so fixed and settled, to the lieutenants the numbers of the several counties, tidings, and places aforesaid; and where Heatenants1^ the number of militia men so fixed and settled shall be greater than the number of militia men who shall be, by virtue of this aftr appointed to serve for any county, riding, or place, then, and in every such case, the lieutenant for such county, riding, or place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence, of the said lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants shall, at a general meeting to be held for that purpose, appoint what number of militia men shall serve for each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division within such county, riding, or place; and the additional number of militia men, to make up the whole number so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be provided or chosen in the same manner as other militia men are by this act to be provided or chosen, and all the additional men, so provided or chhfen as aforesaid, or their substitutes, and also all volunteers, shall take the oath by this act required to be taken, and shall be enrolied, or sign their consent to serve In the militia, in such manner as is directed by this act, and in c^fe of, refusal shall be subject to the same penalties as in the like cases * !' * - -*;; " "' - " ' are

8*6

Penalties for refuting to ferre, C to be applied in providing substitutes.

Surplus to be a part of the regimental ' stock.

Oaths may b admini tiered by county lieutenants, See.

How the militia are to be formed into regiments, and officered

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

are inflicted by this act: provided always, That where the number of militia men so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be Iefs than the number of militia men who shall be appointed to serve for any county riding, or place, then, and in every fuefi case, the said lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or removal, or in the absence of the said lieutenant) any three or more deputy lieutenants, ill all, at a general meeting to be held for that purpose, discharge by bailot, proportionally out of each respective hundred, rape, lath wapentake, .or other division, so many militia men as shall exceed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

LI And be it further enabled, That the money arising by penalties incurred for refufmg to serve in the militia, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied, by any two or more deputy lieutenants, within their respective subdivisions, in providing substitutes for the persons who shall have paid .such penalties, which substitutes shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the same term, and on the same conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in the case of substitutes provided by persons chosen by bailot; and if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the respective regiments, battalions, or independent companies in which such persons ought to have served as militia men, and be applied as part of the regimental flock.

LII And be it further enacted, That in all cases in the execution of this act, when any matter or thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into upon the oath of any witness or witnesses, before any lieutenant of any county, or any deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, any such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, is or are hereby authorised to administer such oath to any witness or witnesses; and that all other oaths to be taken in pdrfuance of this act shall and may be respectively administered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

LIII And be it further enacted, That in the several counv ties, ridings, and places, where the number of men is sufficient, the militia shall be formed into regiments, confiding of not more than twelve, nor less than eight companies, of eighty private men to a company at the most, and sixty private men at the lead; and the field officers of such regiments shall be as follows; (that is to say), one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major; and where the number of militia men shall amount to a number under eight, and not less than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers of such battalion shall be one lieutenant colonel, and one major only; and where the number of private men shall amount tq any number undef five, and not less than three companies, such militia thall he formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, or major, and no other field officer; and in each regiment or battalion of militia there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one eqfign to ech company: prqvided always. That

tysf).] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107, ' 887

it shall be lawful for every battalion, confiding of five companies, or upward, to have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants, shall be appointed, instead of one lieutenant and one ensign; and it shall be lawful for every regiment, confiding of eight companies, or upward, to have one company of grenadiers, and one company of light infantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed, indead of one lieutenant and one ensign.

LIV And be it further enacted, That in the several coun How todepeit ties, ridings, and places, where, the number of militia men shall cotnp£l not be diffident to form a regiment or battalion, according to formed ° the intent and meaning of this act, the militia of such counties, which may ridings, and places, shall be formed into independent companies, thereafter be each company to confid of eighty private men at the mod, and f01?^ into sixty private men at the lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, a Ions and one ensign to each company; and that his Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion r battalions, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or battalion of militia, provided the number of companies in any such regiment or battalion be not thereby, made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is hereinbefore directed to confid.

LV And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for County lieu the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, to act as colo and bear pel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or inde rank ascolo pendent company of militia for such county, riding, or place, nels, though for and during such time as there shall not be any colonel or the bodies of commanding officer appointed to .such regiment, battalion, or their

independent company, but no such lieutenant shall, at any one commanding time, act as colonel or commanding officer to more than one officers to that body of militia, whether regiment, battalion, or independent company; and where the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, shall take the command of anybody of militia not being by this act deemed a regiment, he shall be entitled to the rank of colonel, except when the said company shall be formed into battalion as aforesaid, but shall receive no greater pay than the proper commanding officer of such body would be entitled to.

LVI And be it further enacted, That when any colonel or The femo? other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or inde officer hi # pendent company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the ^tennveft^d powers by this act given to such colonel or other commanding the pow? officer shall be veiled in and lawfully may be exercised by the ers given to next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or inde colonels pendent company, who shall be residing within Great Britain, until such colonel or other commanding officer shall be returned to Great Britain, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, battalion, or independent. company belongs, and the clerk of the peace is hereby required forthwith, upon receipt of such notification, to transmit an account thereof to the officer

888: Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107% [1786.

who shall have been next in command as aforesaid 5 and all acts, matters, and things done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the powers given by this act to ‘ colonels and other commanding officers, shall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himself.

The rank of LVII And be it further enacted. That when a battalion of

be^vento^ ls commanded by a lieutenant colonel, who shall have >

liemenant co been commandant of the same for five years, or longer, it shall lonels comb lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place to mamdant of which such battalion shall belong, with the consent of his majesty, t0 give to such lieutenant colonel commandant a commission of colonel.

LVIII And be it further enacted, That in all counties where' the number of men are sufficient to form six companies, but not sufficient to form a regiment, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant to appoint three persons, qualified according to the directions of this act, to serve, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major, but with no higher pay than if they were appointed lieutenant colonel, major, and captain $ and where the number of men shall be sufficient to form four com

Bow the militia is to be officered, vthere the msmbers are not sufficient for a regi tetnu

panies, but not sufficient to form six companies, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant to appoint two persons, qualified as aforesaid, to serve, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major, but that only one of them shall be.entitled to any higher pay than that of captain; and in all counties and places where the number of militia men is not fufficieut to form more than two companies, the eldest captain shall rank as major, but shall only be entitled to the pay of captain.

Lieutenants LIX And be it further enacted, That any person duly qua may beap lifted as a lieutenant may be appointed to the rank of captain tsitifeute ^" lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of nants, where not tess than six companies; but that no captain lieutenant shall, there are six by the date of his commission or otherwise be entitled to rank

companies in above, or to command any captain of a company in the mi the regiment, J

Adjutants to LX And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and be appointed shall appoint one proper person who shall have served, or fhatt *r°in‘tr embo at l*me appointment dually serve, in some of his

gs" majesty's other foroes, or in anybody of militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an adjutant to each regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, in every county. Rank in the riding, or place, and such adjutant, if appointed out of his ma army to be jesty's other foroes, shall, during his service in the militia, pre adjuums, ^ serve his rank in the army in the same manner as if he had pon * may hold tinued in that service; and the lieutenant of any county, riding, a fubapern's or place, may give any such adjutant a commission of a lieute to^hnot* nant or en^sn> though such adjutant may not have the qua qua?ifiedn, and location required by this act for a lieutenant or ensign; and it way have the shall be lawful for tile lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, brevet rank of qu the recommendation of the commanding officer of any regt captain, ct meat

1786v] Anno vicesimo sexto geoegii III C 107. 8s9

, merit or battalion of militia raised within suchxounty, riding, or place, consisting of not Ids than six companies, to appoint the adjutant of such tegiment or battalion to the rank of captain, by brevet, provided such adjutant has served five jears in the rank of lieutenanr, whether in the militia or in his majesty's other .foroes, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for captains: provided always. That no such appointment to the rank of captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the same it be specified in what regiment or battalion, and whether of the militia or of his majesty's other foroes, such adjutant hath served in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or were the date or dates of his commission or com millions: provided also That no adjutant so appointed to the rank of captain shall, by the date of such appointment as'afore said, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above, or to command, any captain of a company in the militia, nor shall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

LXL And be it further enacted, That the colonel, or (where Apavmaster there is no colonel) the commanding officer of every regiment ma °eap or battalion of militia, consisting of more than two companies, battalion o when such regiment or battalion is not in actual service, may more than appoint a regimental or battalion clerk, who shall execute the two compa office of paymaster;; where the number of men shall not be n*e8'>but th sufficient to form more than two companies, no clerk shall be fe™ fortkff allowed, but the receiver-general of the land tax shall pay the number, to money necessary for such number of men to the commanding be paid to the officer of such company or companies, which commanding offl commanding cer shall account with the receiver-general for the same. ° cer#

LXII And be it further enacted, That no adjutant, surgeon, No adjutant, regimental or battalion clerk, or quarter master in the militia, etc. to be shall be capable of being appointed captain of a company; and in of that no person hohling the commission of captain of a company company, etc. shall be capable of being appointed adjutant, surgeon, regimental or battalion clerk, or quarter master: provided nevertheless.

That any battalion clerk may be appointed a captain lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia entitled by the provisions of this act to have a captain lieutenant.

LXIII And be it further enacted, That no officer who is Half pay of eii titled to half pay, shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit nf

such half pay during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, en ^ to * sign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaftei*, quarter master, or forfeit they surgeon, in any regiment, battalion, or independent company half pay, of militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the oath directed by the act for punishing mutiny, and defer tion^ and for the better payment of the army, arid their quarteri% to be taken by such officer, he shall take the following oath;

. *

I A. B. do / wear, That lhad not, between the form.of oath

5 , any place or employment of profit, civil

tr military, under bis Myejly^ hefsdts my auomm of half. pay. as a

., reduced : » a

890 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107.

reduced in late regiment

of save and except my pay as lieutenantt

enjign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymafler, quarter mqfter, or fur geohj [as the case may be], for ftrving in a regiment of militia:

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other oath, be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

Proportion of LXIV And be it further enacted, That sergeants, corporals, fioncdofficers atlc* drummers shall be appointed to the militia, in the following and drum proportions (that is to say), When not in actual service there

mers, when shall be one sergeant and one corporal to every thirty men, and

the iriilitia is when the militia shall be drawn out into actual service, an act service and ditiori ^^11 be made, so that there shall be one sergeant and one their pay, C corporal to every twenty men, and when not in actual service, there shall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company of regiments or battalions confiding of six or more companies, and when the militia shall be drawn out into actual service there shall be an addition of one drummer to every company so drawn out; and the ilaily pay of every such sergeant, corporal, and drummer, shall bfe as follows (that is to say). To every sergeant one shilling, to every corporal eight pence, and to every drummer sixpence; and such sergeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be new clothed, when not in actual service, once in two years: and all sergeant and corporals shall take the following oath; (that is to say),

I A. B. do ftncerely promise and wear, That / will be faithful 9 and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I da swear that I am a protefant, and that I willfaithjully serve as a sergeant, or corporal, [as the case shall .be], in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the famey until L shalt be legally discharged:

Form of the oath to be taken by sergeants, C

Sergeant maand the colonel of every regiment or battalion, or (where there jorsand; s no colonel) the commanding officer of every battalion con tob^appmnt four or more companies, may appoint a sergeant major

CD out of the sergeants, and a drum major out of the drummers 5

and that all sergeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as such from any regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, un no publican, t; j they hall be legally discharged: provided always, That no offervmg as a person who ^eep any house of public entertainment, of sergeant, etc. who shall sell any ale or wine, or any brandy or other spirituoiii liquors by retail, shall be capable of being appointed or serving as a sergeant, corporal, or drummer, in the militia: provided al a furpicrs of ways. That if it shall happen that in any#regiment or battalion aboveuie there shall be a surplus of fifteen men or upwards, after the ap proportion of portionment of one sergeant and one corporal to every thirty 30 to 1 corpo men, such regiment or battalion shall be entitled to have one ral, to entitle additional

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. %

additional corporal, when not in adtoal service, for such furplns thebattalion number of men. J an addt

LXV And be it further ena6fed, That any sergeant, corpo rna corp' ral, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel, or (where commanding there is no colonel) by the commanding officer (with the con officers may sent of the captain of the company); and that the captain (with discharge fertile approbation of the commanding officer) may appoint any etc.

proper person in the room of every sergeant, corporal, and drum captains may mer, who shall die, desert, or be discharged, all which sergeants appoint fuo and corporals, so appointed, shall take the like oath as is herein ceffors. before required to be taken by sergeants and corporals.

LXVI And be it further enacted, That in case his majesty's Extra drum lieutenant for any county, or the commanding officer of any re £*rts giment, battalion, or independent company, shall bedefirous of cians, but keeping up a greater number of drummers than one per com not at the pany, to be employed as fifers or musicians for the use of the expertce of said regiment, battalion, or independent company, and shall be ^epubhck. willing to defray the expense of such additional drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company, to retain in their xe fpe&ive corps any number of the drummers who now are employed as fifers or musicians therein, over and above the number of one drummer per company established by this actr or at any time hereafter to engage any additional number of drummers to a as fifers or musicians in their refpe<stive corps; and all such drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such corps as fifers or musicians, shall be deemed as drummers of militia within the meaning of this at, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same orders, regulations, penalties, and punishments, as other drummers of „ militia are by this a & subject, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and clothing as other drummers have, or better clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXVII And be it further enatted, That any person, being Sergeants of a sergeant on the establishment of Cheljea Hospital, at the'allow ance of twelve pence a day, and being appointed to serve in the receive their militia, shall and may receive the said allowance of twelve pence allowance a day, together with his pay from the said militia: and any per therefrom to son who shall have faithfully served as a sergeant in the militia jhrerw1til for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, wlil^/rvice and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity, entitles fer shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the jeants, C to regiment, battalion, or independent company, to which he be datio^o1^ Jongs, and the lieutenant, and two or more deputy lieutenants chellea pen of the county, riding, or place, to which the said regiment, bat fiou, talion, or independent company belongs, or on the death or removal, or in the absence of the said lieutenant, by the commanding officer, and three or more deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, be entitled to examination at the cbeu sea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of five.

V pence

s92

Militia to be exercised for a8 Successive days annually, and amenable to the mutiny laws.

Notice of the time and place of exercise, to be affixed on the church doors.

Ten days prior to the annual exercise, lists of the men in rolied, to be sent to the respective commanding oncers, etc

Anno vitefimo sexto Georgii lit. C 107. fi pence per Diem, if the said board (hold judge him defervmg thereof: provided that no person who shall be appointed a sergeant in the militia after the paffmg of this act, shall be entitled to such recompense, until he shall have served in the militia, Or m the army and militia, for twenty years.

LXVIII And be it further enacted, That the militia to be appointed as aforesaid shall be trained and exercised by regiment, battalion, or independent company, once in every year for twenty-eight days together, in the manner herein after directed, at such time and place a shall be least inconvenient to the pub lick, such time and place to be appointed by a general meeting of the lieutenancy, to be held as herdin before directed, within every county, riding, arid place, or in default of any such meeting being held, then by the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or by three deputy lieutenants, authorised by his Majesty to act when the lieutenant shall be out of Great Britain as aforesaid; and during such time as the militia shall be aflembfed for the purpose of being trained and exercised, all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things contained in any act of parliament, which shall be then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army. and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the militia, and all the officers, noncommissioned officers, and private men of the same, in all cases whatsoever, but so that no punifhmenfc shall extend to loss of life or limb.

LXIX And be it further enacted, That notice of the time and place of exercise of the militia men of each parish, tything, and place, shall be sent, by the clerk of the general meetings, ter the chief constables or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, with directions ta forward the same to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or others officers within their respective hundreds, rapes, lalhs* wapentakes, or other divisions, which constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall cause such notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to ttoeir respective paristies, tythings, or places, or (if any place shall have no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the church or chapel of some parish, tything, or place thereunto adjoining; and all such militia men shall duly attend at the time and place of exercise, according to such notice.

LXX And be it further enacted. That the clerks of the several subdivifibn meetings, in every county, riding, or place shall, ten days at least before the time so appointed for the annual exercise, cause a full and true list, specifying the name and date of the inrolment of all the persons enrolled (within each subdivision respectively) to serve in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, to be transmitted to the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, or to such personas shall be appointed by such commanding officer to receive the femes and (lull in like manner cause a duplicate

r?86.] Anno vicesimo sexto georgii1il C 107; g

of such list to be transmitted to the adjutant of fitch regiment battalion, or independent company.

LXXI And be it further enacted, That at the first meeting From which for annual exercise that shall be appointed after the passing of this ab, the commanding officer of each regiment battalion, or complete C independent company, shall, on the first day on which such renumber shall giment, battalion, or independent company is directed to affem he chosen by ble as aforesaid, and in the presence of such deputy lieutenants a*the and other officers as shall be then and there assembled, proceed Exercise to cause such a number of the persons inrohed to serve in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, to be chosen by ballot out of the list returned for each subdivision, as shall be equal to two thirds of the coippleat number that ought to be enrolled on the list of such l^ixlivijsofu^ Provided al ways, That where the number of men that ought to be enrolled for aqy subdivision, cannot be divided into three equal parts, the two thirds, to be chosen^by ballot as aforesaid, shall be computed upon the next highest number that can be divided into three equal parts. /

LXXII And jae^t enacted, That on the day next after such bailot, the commanding officer shall cause the regiment, bat regiment/etc! talion, or independent company, to be mustered according to to be muster the subdivision for which each person shall have been enrolled to ed, etc. serve, and shall cause the jroll of each subdivision respectively to be publicly called 5 and as the name of each person contained therein shall be read, he shall declare whether such person is, or is not (as the case may be) ballotted out of such roll in the manner herein before provided.

LXXIII And be it further enacted, That if any vacancy or Vacancies vacancies shall happen by the death or discharge of any person be filled up by or persons so ballotted as aforesaid, or by the expiration of the ballot at the term for which any person or persons so ballotted as aforesaid first meeting, shall have been enrolled to serve, the commanding officer of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall, at the next meeting to be appointed for annual exercise after such vacancy shall have happened, proceed to ballot in the manner hereinbefore directed, for such further number as shall be wanting to complete the full proportion of two thirds of the number, of which such regiment, battalion, or independent company, ought to consist.

LXXIV And be It further enabled, That all and every such The men bal person or persons as the commanding officer of such regiment, j^ercifed and battalion, or independent company, shall declare to have been so the remainder ballotted out of such roll as aforesaid, shall be trained and exer discharged cifed for the time, and in the manner herein before directed, from attend during every year for which such person or persons is or are in ance* rolled to serve; and all and every such person or persons as tyre commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall declare to have been not so ballotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further attendance during the remainder of the term appointed for the annual exercise.

Vol. XXXV N n n LXXV Provided

s94 Ahnd vk&fimfc feitfta gkorgiiiii. C 107. [*786.

The men so < LXX VI Provided always, and be it enacted. That all and ever ^*9^ person orpersons so discharged as aforesaid, shall, toy law, 511 during the time he or they shall remain in the? town or place while they re where such regiment, battalion, or independent company is af iain where sembled, be subject and liable to the same orders, regulations, the regiment penalties, and punishments, as the persons so chosen to be trained wa em e, an(j exercised as aforesaid are by this act subject, unless fach person or persons shall be usually resident, or have his or their place of abode in such town or placev and to appear LXX VI Provided also, and be if enacted, That all such per anytubfe ^ ons as he so discharged as aforesaid shall, and they are quent place hereby required perfortally to appfear at any subsequent time or of exercise. place of exercise, of which due notice shall be given as required by this a, and shall, on default of such appearance, be subject to the same penalties and punifhirients as any other person or persons mrolled to serve in such regirttant, battalion, or mdepen -- dent company, is or may by this or any other act be subject to.

chofcnbyl^l ‘LXXVII* And be it further enacted, That if arvy enrolled ioti may serve person, not chosen by ballot as afpresaid, shall offer himself as a for such as volunteer to be trained and exercised in the room of any person

are so chosen by bailot, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer

of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to accept such volunteer in the room of such person so ballotted as aforesaid; and such person so accepted, shall be trained and exercised in the same manner, and under the same regulations, and for«the same term, as if he had himself been chosen by ballot as aforesaid *

to magistrates to billet the militia.

Militia men tailing tick on the march to be relieyed,

LXXVIII And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magistrates, and officers of cities, towns, parishes; tythings, and places, and (in their default or absence) for any one justice of the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town, parish, tything, or place (but for no others), and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and billet the officers, noncommissioned officers, and private men serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called out to annual exercise, in inns, livery (fables, alehouses, victualling houses, and all houses of persons selling brandy, strong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin by retail, upon application made to any such mayors, bailiffs, constables tythingmen, headboroughs, or pther chief magistrates, or officers, by his majesty's lieutenant, or by the colonel or commanding officer of the militia of the county, riding, or place, where they shall be so called out to exercise as aforesaid; and when the militia is not embodied, all mayors and other chief magistrates, and officers aforesaid, or (in their default or absence) any one justice of the peace as aforesaid, may, and they or he are or is hereby required to order and provide convenient lodging, in such houses as aforesaid, for the sergeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

LXXIX Anti be it further enacted, That in case any militia man shall on his march, or at the place where he shall be

called

i yg&} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107;

called out to annual exercrfe, be dlfabled, by (icknefs or othqr and the ex wise, it shall be lawful for any one jjustice Of' the peace of the ^nc5*p county, riding, or place, or any mayor or plies magistrate of county trea C any city, town, or place where such mn fhau then bev by war surer rant under his hand and teal, to orde him such relief as such mayor, Or chief magiftrqfe, (half think reasonable, and the same shall be given by the officers of the parish, tything, or place where stich militiaman shall then be; and the officers giving such relief shall, upon producing an account of the ex ponces thereof to the treasurer of the county, ridings or place for which such militia man shall serve (such account being ffi(t allowed under the hand of a justice of the peace) be reimbursed such expenses by such treasurer, and he shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

- LXXX And be It further enabled, That when the militia Justices may shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any justice of the fantsvorvm peace of any county riding, or place, being thereuntq required preffipg carby n order from the lieutenant, or from any deputy lieutenant, riages for the of such county, riding; or place, or from the colonel, or oth^r militia on U. chief eommissioned officer of any regiment, battalion, company, or detachment of ml{itia, being within such county, nding^ oe, £.

place, to ifflie his warrant to the chief constables of'hundreds^ rapes, laths, wapentakes, or divisions, or to the constables, tyr thingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the several parishes, tythings, or places, from, through, near, or to which any such regiment, battalion, company, or detachment of militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient carriages to convey the arms, clofhes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, and other {lores, with able men fq drive such carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said order; and incase such sufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any such county, riding, hundred, rape; lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything, or place, then any justice of the peace for any adjoining county, riding, or place, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his warrant to the chief constables, constables, tythiqgmen, headboroughs, or other such officers of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything, or place within such adjoining county, riding, or place, for the purpoffes aforesaid, to make qp such deficiency of carriages and men; and such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or colpnel, or other chief eommissioned officer, requiring such carriages and men to be provided as aforesaid, shall, at the same time, pay to every such chief copstable, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the use of the person or persons who shall provide such carriages and men, the fuiri of one ^^forfua shilling for every mile any wagon with five horses, and any carriages, ^ wain with six oxen, or with four x>xen and two horses, shall re fpedlivelv travel, and the sum of nine*pence for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel, and fq in proportion for any carriages drawn by any less number of horses or oxen, for which respective sums every chief constable, constable, tythingman,

N n n 2 headborough.

896 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

headborough, or other officer receiving the same, is hereby required to give a receipt to the person paying the same; and every such chief conftalde, constable, tythingman, headborough, or aether officer, shall order and appoint such person or person9 having carriages within their rejspective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, parishes, tythings, or places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, and every person so ordered is hereby required to provide and furnjih the same accordingly for one if the expense day's journey, and no more; and in case any such chief confta rateto/car es cotlfta*d^s> tythingraen, head boroughs, or other officers, rsage, thecfur be at any charges for such carriages, over and above the plus to be paid money which shall be so received by them as aforesaid, such by the trea overplus shall be born by every county, riding, or place where such additional expenee shall be incurred, and be repaid'to them, without fee or reward, by the treasurer of every such county, riding, or place, out of the public flock.

LXXXI And be it further enacted. That the colonel or ed out to another commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, and in nual exercise, dependent company of militia, shall, and is hereby required, as (bate thereof often as the regiment, battalion, or independent company (haw be called out to annual exercise as before directed, to return, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place to which the same belongs, a true state of such regiment, battahort, or independent company; and in case any such colonel or commanding officer shall refuse or neglect, for six months after the said annual exercise, foto do, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXII And be it further enabled, That every militia a^or^abfcnt^ mn (l10* labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him) ingthemfeives who mall not appear at the time and place appointed for annual J "": — exercise, according to the directions of this acfl (notice having

been published as this at requires), shall be deemed a deserter, and if not taken until after the time of such exercise, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and also every militia man who, having joined the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which he belongs, shall desert or absent himself during the time of annual exercise, and shall not be taken until after the time of such exercise, shall forfeit and'pay the sum of twenty pounds; and if such penalty shall not be immediately paid, the justiceofthe peace before whom any such militia man shall be convicted of any such offence shall commit such militia man to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, or until, he shall have paid the said penalty.

LXXXII I. And be it further en3cted, That in case any militia man shall desert or absent himself from his duty, and shall not return, or be taken within the space of three months from the time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then upon certificate thereof from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to the deputy lieutenants at

any

surer of the county, C

When the militia is call

to be sent to the county lieutenant.

Militia men

during the annual exercise, and not taken up till after the exercise, to forfeit sol.

Another man to be ballotted for, if a de ferter does not return f in three months.

Host

iysf.'] Anno viceiuno sexto Georgii III C 107. 897

any of their meetings for the subdivision for which such militia

man was enrolied, such deputy lieutenants, or any two or more

of them, are hereby required to hold a fubdjjfifion meeting, and

to proceed to ballot for another person to serve and be returned

to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the

room of every such militia man; and in case such militia man Deserters 11a-

shall at any time return or be taken, he shall; notwithstanding jjeirv™*

any person shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to when eve?'

serve in the same manner, and for the same term, as if no per taken up.

son had been so chosen in his room.

: LXXXIV And he it further enacted, That if any person, Substitutes

being sworn and enrolled to serve as a substitute in the militia,

Shall afterward desert or absent himself from the regiment, bat thcjr sup talidn, or independent company to which he belongs, every such term, when person shall be liable to, and shall serve as a militia man, in such ever taken up regiment, battalion, or independent company, for and during the full term for which he shall have been enrolied, to be computed from the day on^vhich he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other penalty or punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such offence by virtue of this ast 5 and Notice of ap the commanding officer of such regiment; battalion, or independent company, shall cause notice to be given to the clerk of the be fent^o the subdivision for which such person was enrolied, of the day on clerk of the which lie was apprehended, and such clerk shall make an entry subdivision. in the roll of the militia men of the name of such person, and also of the time of his being so apprehended.

LXXXV And be it further enacted, That all muskets de Mulketstobe livered for the service of the militia shall be marked distinctly, ^arkei1, in some visible place, with the letter (my and the name of the county, riding, or place, to which they belong; and in case any Penalty on militia man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his arms, clothes, or ing arms accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good order to his captain, or to the person appointed to receive the same, every such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding three pounds; and if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of corredlion for any time not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said*penalty.

LXXXVI And be it further enacted, That if any person Penalty on shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, buying arms, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, or accoutrements, bec longing to any militia man, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thi&adi, the person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom her shall be convicted shall commit him to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of three

N n n 3 months,

898 Armo vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [ 1

months, or shall cause such offender to be publicity whipped at _, the. d jfcretlon of such justice -

6 And be it further enabled, That when any i*egi

stoppages to mepst?1b|ttalipn, ot independent company of militia, shall be buy them northeast. sembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised it shall ceflaries, &? be‘lavy&l(?qr the captain or commanding officer of every em pany to put the militia men of his company under ftopphg^s, riot exceeding (ixpence^r day, for the purpose of providing them yirith linen, and also with (lockings and other heceffariefc, and for defraying the expense of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's fieg fedl: provided always. That every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such stoppage, and after having deducted what shall hav e been kid out nd paid for necessaries, and for repairing the arms as aforefasd, shall pay the (urn remaining (if any there shall be,) into the hands of the%militia man to whom the same belongs, before such militia man shall be dismissed from such training and exercise..;

And be it further enabled. That every adjutant, sergeant major, sergeant, corporal, drum major and drummer of the militia, shall be at all times subje<£t to any at which (hail be in force for punishing mutirxy and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, under the command of the colonel, or ( where there is mo colonel) the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which he belongs and it shall be lawful for the colonel, or ( where there is rtp colonel) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direct the holding of court-martial whenever such regiment or battalion shall be embodied for the purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any sergeant major, sergeant, corporal, drum major, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, for any offence committed during the time such regiment or battalion was not embodied, but so that no punishment shall extend to the loss of life or limb.

Slants and lxxxlxw And be it further enacted, That any sergeant b^retuced to or corporal of the militia may, by fentenee of a court-martial, be reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding fifteen months; after which time, if not regularly reappointed to the rank of a non com mi (honed officer, he shall be discharged from the service,,

And be it further enabled. That the arms belonging to every regiment, battalion, and independent company, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) as the commanding officer shall direct, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place.,

XCJ. And be it further enacted, That one third part at the

least

Adjutants, C taby be tried by a cbyirt fnaftikl %'r offences cbaimftted wfreto thfe militia is not embodied.

serve as privates,

Arms, when not wanted, to be kept in a place to be appointed by the commanding officer.

17s6.3 Anno vicefiroo sexto Georgii lit C 107. s99

least in number of the ferjeantfc, corporals, : and drummers, in One third every regiment, battalion, and independent company, hall Con?" of the ftantly be refidem within the city, town, Ot place where the torefidewhere arms belonging to such regiment, battalion, or, independent the arms are company, are kept, and (hail be under the command of the ad? kept, jutant, Who hall ain such command under the orders of the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) of the commanding offif cer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company; and fur of the" that the adjutant, and in the absence of the adjutant the feijeanfc sergeants, etc. major, shall make a monthly return of the true date of the fer to be sent to jeants, corporals, and drummers of the regiment, battalion, cy the county company federally, to the lieutenant of the county, and the lieutciiam* commanding officer of the said regiment, battalion, or company, in default of which, on each fbch negleds, such adjutant or sergeant major ball be subjedfc to such punifhmentas a court mar ger eantfl etc tial shall adjudge; and that no sergeant, corporal, or drummer, agenting € °9 shall be absent from such city, town, or place, without a regular themselves furlough From his Colonel, or (where there is no colonel) from without fur the commanding officer; and every sergeant, corporal, and ]ou?hs be drummer, who shall absent himself without such'furlough, shall feert^s. C be liable to be apprehended as a deserter; and such adjutant Adjutant not shall never absent himfejffrom such city, town, or place, with to be absent out leave of the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) of the without leave. Commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, br independent. company: provided neveitbeless, That whenever such adjutant ^maats" hall be absent, with such leave as afordaid, then such sergeants, adjutant in corporals, and drummers, ball be under the command of the his absence. sergeant major, or of some sergeant, who shall be appointed by the said adjutant, with the approbation of the said colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer, to a as sergeant major during the absence of such adjutant.

XCII And be it further enacted. That If any militia man Method of shall not join the regiment or battalion to which he belongs at proceeding the time of annual exercise, or shall desert during the time of mat/on^re annual exercise and hall not be apprehended before the expi ceived of the ration of the time appointed for such exercise, and if the com residence of a manding officer or the adjutant of such regiment or battalion, militia man, or the commanding officer of tyre company of such regiment or ^nuaf * battalion to which inch offender belongs, ball receive tnforma exercise, etc. tion of the place where he shall be or reside, any such commanding officer or adjutant may, by writing under his hand, describe the person of such offender, and also certify that he did not join the regiment or battalion at the time of annual exercise, or that he defected during the time of annual exercise (as the case may be), and send the same, by a sergeant, corporal, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, to the adjutant or sergeant major of. the regiment or battalion oft he county, riding, or place, wherein such offender is supposed to be or reside; and the adjutant or sergeant major to whom such certificate hall be sent, shall direct a party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment er battafen to which he belongs, to affiff in apprehending such

N n n 4 offender

goo

Method of

proceeding when fer jeanta, C psferj.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

offender, and in conveying him before same justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place wherein such offender shall be apprehended; and if, by his confession.. the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or the knowledge of such justices it (halt appear or be found that such person is guilty of such offence, such adjutant or sergeant major shall order a party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers under his command, to convey such offender to the headquarters of the regiment or battalion of militia of the next county, riding, or place, in the way to the county, riding, or place to which such offender belongs, and deliver him into the custody of the adjutant or sergeant major of such regiment or battalion, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion of the next county, riding, or place, and foin like manner, until such offender shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a justice of the peace, to be dealt with as this act directs in cases of militia men defertingor absenting themselves from their duty; and from the time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until. he is brought before such justice of the peace as aforesaid, such offender shall be subsisted at the rate of (ixpence per day, from the (locks of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, battalion, or company belongs, for which subsistence such justice is hereby required to make an order upon the treasurer of the county, riding, or place : and if any sergeant, corporal, or drummer, shall desert from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any headborough, constable, or other officer, of the town or place where any person who may be reasonably suspected to be such deserter shall be found, to cause such person to be apprehended, and taken before any justice of the peace living in or near to such town or place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected person;; if, by his confession, or the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected person is such deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or the house of correction, or other public prison, in the town or place in or near to which such deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some person or persons authorised to receive him as herein arter directed, and shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of, the general meetings of the county, riding, or place, to which such deserter.. and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance, during the time he shall continue in his custody, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of his imprisonment; and such clerk of the general meetings receiving such account shall immediately transmit a copy thereof to the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C 107. 901

his county or riding, and also to the adjutant, or other officer commanding the sergeants, corporals, and drummers, of such regiment or battalion, and where there are more than one regiment or battalion, such clerk shall send such copy to all the colonels or other commanding officers of regiments and battalions, and also to all the adjutants, or officers commanding sergeants, corporals, and drummers, within his county or riding; and the colonel, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which such deserter shall be found to belong, or the adjutant, or officer commanding the sergeants, corporals, and drummers of such regiment or battalion, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such copy as aforesaid, to send any sergeant, corporal, or drummer, or any party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers of his regiment or battalion, to the place where such deserter shall be so confined, and shall also send, by such sergeant, corporal, or drummer, or the sergeant commanding such party of sergeants, corporals, or drummers, an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the said gaol, house of correction, or prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the sergeant, corporal, or drummer, to whom such deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be fenton such duty, shall apply to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion of the county, riding, or place, where such deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid," and such adjutant or sergeant major shall order a sufficient party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers, under his command, to assisi: in conveying such deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, in the same manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private militia men to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion to which they belong; and such adjutant or sergeant major shall take such deserter before a justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, house of correction, or other public prison of such county, riding, or place, where he shall remain, without bail or mainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied for annual exercise or for aciual service, (which shall first happen); and the colonel or commanding officer of such regiment or battalion shall then issue an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the gaol, house of correction, or prison, where such deserter shall be confined, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such colonel or Defertersmay commanding officer is hereby empowered and required to summon and hold a coun martial for the trial of such deserter, in such manner, and with the same power and authority, as shall * be given and directed by any act of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if upon any

such

be paid ao3.

oz Anno vicesimo sexto ceofcgll III C 107. [17864

fach trial such deserter shall bt found guilty, it shall be lawful; to punish such deserter in such manner as such court-martial shall, in their difcrerion, think fit, according to the powers and provisions of such ad, and of the articles of war, but so that no such punishment shall extend to the Joss of life or limb; and all gaolers and keepers of prisons shall (if required foto do by any Jerjeant, corporal, or drummer, employed in conveying any such militia man, or sergeant, corporal, or drummer, so offending, to the regiment or battalion to which he belongs as aforesaid) receive into their custody, and confine such offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, Gioiers refit not exceeding twenty-four hours; and every such gaoler or finj? to receive deeper of any prison,, shall refuse foto do, shall forfeit the forfevios. ° ^ twenty Shillings; and all such ferjeaots, corporals, and.

Sergeants em drummers, while they are employed in executing such duty as ployed in ap afore said, shall be bil letted in like manner as sergeants, corporals, ^b6ef^rfers or drummers belonging to his majesty's other foroes, employed to^>eteltetted! 1x1 apprehending and conveying deserters, are to be billetted. persons ap * And be it further enabled. That the justice of the prehending peace, before whom any defetter shall be convicted, shall and deserters to may issue his Warrant to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such deserter shall belong, or (where there is no clerk) to the commanding officer, requiring such clerk, or such commanding officer, to pay, out of the stock of such regiment or battalion, the sum of twenty Shillings to the 'person who shall have apprehended such deserter; and such clerk or commanding officer is hereby authorised and required to pay the same accordingly upon demand.

XCIV And be it further enacted, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any dqferter, knowing him to be deserters, for fuc^ the person so offending shall forfeit, for every such of C 5 V fence, the sum of five pounds.

His Majesty XCV And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual may order the invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cases of em^died so re^e^ron in furred ion, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the

cases of inva oceafion being sir ft communicated to parliament, if the parlia fion, etc. and orvent shall be then sitting, or declared in council, and notified commanded by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then sitting or in being) to order and direct the lieutenants of the said several counties, ridings, and places, or on the death or removal, or in the < absence from their respective counties, ridings, or places, of any of them, then any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the regiments, battalions, and independent companies of militia within their respective counties, ridings, and places, herein before appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and in such manner as shall be best adapted to the crrcumftances of the danger, and to put the said forces under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said forces to be led by their respective officers.into any parts of this king

dou\

Persons concealing, etc.

by general officers, 6tc.

1^86.3 amtio videfimo III C toy. 903

om, sot the fepeuing attd prevetttioh Of aiiy such invasion, and While em

for the ftippreffioo Of any rebellion or tnfurreftioii within this ^°aiei ^5

realm o Great Britain $ and the officers, non commissioned articles of C

officer, drummers, and private men of the feverat regiments, war, etc.

battalions, and independent companies Of the militia, shall from

the time of th eif being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid,

and ‘until they shall be returned again, by his majesty's orders,

to their respective pari flies br places of abode, remain under the

Command of such general officers, and during such time as

aforesaid all the provisions contained iti any act of parliament

Which shall be then in force for pun list i ng mutiny and desertion,

and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall

be in force with respect to the militia, and shall extend to all

the officers, noncommissioned officers, drummers, and private

men of the militia, in all Cases Whatsoever.

XCVI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Not to be or neithef the whole, or any part of the militia directed by this q^eatbrita^ act to be raised and maintained, shall on any account be carried, of ordered to go out of Great Britain.

xcvii. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Ma When jetty shall cause the militia to be drawn Out and embodied as hi^ma aforesaid, if the parliament shall then be separated by such ad jetty may iifue journment or prorogation Ss will not expire within fourteen a proclama days, his Majesty may and shall issue a proclamation for the tion, for the meeting of the parliament Within fourteen days, and the par ^rlfaoent ill liament shall accordingly meet and (it upon such day as shall be A days, appointed by such proclamation, and continue to sit and aft, in like manner, to all intents and pufposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

XCVIII And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of l^aisordered every county, riding, * and pice, or (on the death or removal to be called of any such lieutenant, or in his absence from his county, ri out, the ding, or place) any three or more deputy lieutenants, to whom county lieute any such order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be directed, e, 0^r8to shall issue his or their order to the chief constables, or other offi accordingly, cers, of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions. Within their respective counties, ridings, and places, with direftiohs to forward the same immediately to the constables, tythingmett, headboroughs, or other officers, of the several parishes, tythings, and places, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, and divisions, and such cortftablesj tythingftien, headboroughs, or other officers, * are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men, or left at their usual places of abode, within their respective parishes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man shall. be liable to dbe apprehended, and puriiftied as a deserter, ac u cording

904 Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III C 107. [1786.

cording to the provisions otany at which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if any person shall harbour or conceal.any militia man when ordered out intoadual service, knowing him to be a militia man, every such person shall for „ every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of five pounds. Militia offi XCIX And be it further enacted. That no officer serving ©^he°triai of t^le sit in any court-martial, upon the trial of

officers of the any officer or soldier serving in any of his majesty's other for other foroes, ces; nor shall any officer serving in any of his majesty's other forces sit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the militia.

An agent may, C And be it further enacted, That when any regiment, be appointed battalion, or independent company of militia shall be drawn 00* *ntoachial service, and during the time they shall contimje he ito take n a<^ua^ service, the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) security. the commanding officer thereof, shall and may appoint an agent to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, and shall take security from such agent; and such colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer, shall be and is hereby made subje<s and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen, from the said agent or from himself, upon account of the pay, clothing, or public flock of such regiment, battalion, or independent company.

When the miel And be it further enabled, That when the militia of any litia is ordered county, riding, or place shall be ordered out into actual service, out, the re the receiver-general of the land tax for such county, riding, or otthelandto pace anc s ^ere^y required forthwith to pay, to the cap to pay one tain or other commanding officer of every company of militia so guinea for the ordered out, the sum of one guinea, for the use of every private use of each militia man belonging to bis company; and the said receiver-general shall also pay to every captain or other commanding officer of a company as aforesaid the sum of one guinea for every recruit, as early as may be after such recruit shall have joined his company, while out in actual service as aforesaid (all which money so paid by the said receiver-general, shall be allowed him in his account), and the money so received by any captain or other commanding officer (of so much thereof as fuqh captain or commanding officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the manner he shall think tnoft advantageous for the respective mi

man.

Captains to account with the men for the same.

litia men; and such captain or commanding officer shall, before any militia man of his company receives his discharge, account to such militia man how the said sum of one guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the said militia man.

CII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in paid when the case the term of service of any person so ballotted and enrolled terms of fer for any regiment of militia shall be prolonged, as aforesaid, beyond, the term of five years, then and in such case the receiver-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such militia man shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of

each

Bounties to be

vice are prolonged.

1786, ] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. 905

each company respectively, the sum of oneguinea for every person whose term of service shall be so prolonged; and in case such term shall be prolonged for more than three years, then at the expiration of three years he shall pay the like further sum of one guinea for every person whose term shall be so further pror longed 5 and shall in like manner, at the expiration of every additional term of three years, pay the like further V sum of one guinea (all which money so paid by the receiver-general shall be allowed him in his account) $ and the money so received by any captain or commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the manner he shall think mod advantageous for each respec tivemilitia man; and such captain or commanding officer shall, from time to time, account to such militia man how the said sum or sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such militiaman receives hisdifeharge, pay over to him the remainder of the said money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

CM. And be it further enacted. That, from the date of his Militia embo majesty's warrant for drawing the militia out into actual service, died, entitled the officers and private men of the militia shall be entitled to the to the same same pay, as the officers and private men of his majesty's other othervorces regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non com Non commissioned officer or private man of the militia shall be maimed missioned offi or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally entitled to the cer?> €tc: benefit of Chelsea Hof pital with any noncommissioned officer or private man belonging to any of his majesty's other forces. tje(i tole be

CIV And be it further enacted, That when the militia, or nefit of chel any part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual service sea Hospital. as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the officers and private men thereof dismissed to return to their several pla t'0liable * qes of abode, the officers, noncommissioned officers, drum only to the mers, and private men, shall be subject to the same orders, di orders they regions, and engagements only as they were subject to under were before the provisions of this al before they were so drawn out into ac rawn ou tual service as aforesaid.

CV And be it further enacted, That all the powers given, The powers, and provisions made by this act, with respect to the county of etc. given to Northumberland, and the militia thereof, shall extend to the northumber town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the liberties thereof (except ^nd^ber only in such cases where by this act it is otherwise expressly pro Upon " vided for); and that out of the persons returned in the lists for Tweed, etc. the said town of Berwick upon Tweed, a number of private mi and their militia men shall be chosen by ballot to serve for the said town, in of nor the same proportion with the private militia men appointed to thumberland. fervetor the other hundreds, wards, and other divisions within the said county of Northumberland; and if persons can be found within the said town and liberties thereof, with such qualifications as are required for deputy lieutenants and officers, within cities and towns which are counties of themselves, the chief magistrate of the said town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint five deputy lieutenant and such number of officers of the militia,

as

go Anno vicesimo fextogeoren IIL C 107. f i78S.

as shall be proportional to the number of militia men which the said townhall raise as their quota, towards the militia of the county of Northumberland; and the lieutenant of the said county, and deputy lieutenants, and all other officers and perfens acting in the execution of this act for railing and training the militia within the said county, are hereby authorised and required to put this act into execution within the said town, and the liberties thereof, but subject n^verthelefs to (beh penalties as are inflicted upon deputy lieutenants and other officers of the militia for acting not being duly qualified 5 and that the militia men to be chosen for the said townhall join the militia of the county of Northumberland and be exercised together, and shall then, and also in time of actual service, be deemed part of the militia of the county of Northumberland,

CVI And whereas the ordering the militia in the Isle of Wight has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor of the said Governor of island, be it enacted. That after the number of persons which the Isle of the said jfland is to furnish to the militia of the county of South point the offi ampion shall have been appointed, as by this act is directed, by cers, etc. for his majesty's lieutenant and the deputy lieutenants, or by the that militia, deputy lieutenants of the said county largo, the governor of etc. who are the said island shall appoint the officers of the militia to be raised like those for n the said island, and, shall and is hereby empowered and re wales. quired to ad in the execution of this act, in the same manner as his majesty's lieutenants of counties are hereby impowcred and required to ad, and shall appoint five or more deputies to ad with him in and for the said island;; deputies and officers of the militia shall be qualified in the same manner, and are hereby empowered and required to ad in the execution of this act in the same manner, and under the same directions, provisions, and penalties, as deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, in the several counties within the dominion of Wales

To be raised a, and deemed a part of, the Southampton militia;

to continue in theisland, unless otherwise ordered by his Majesty. Craike to be deemed part of the North riding of Yorkshire;; of Cornwall;

are by this act subject to; and the militia of the said island shall be raised in the same manner as the militia of the county of Southampton, and shall be deemed a part of the militia of the said county; and after the same shall be so raised, the said governor, lieutenant governor, and deputies, shall order and direct the training and exercifmg the said militia within the said island', in the same manner as his majesty's lieutenants and the deputy lieutenants are by this act authorised and directed to do in any county within that part of Great Britain called England; and the militia so raised within the said island shall be continued and remain within the said island as an internal defence thereof, unless his Majesty shall otherwise order and direct.

EVIL And be it further enacted, That for the several purposes of this act, the constablery of Craike* which is a parcel of the county of Durham, surrounded by part of the north riding of the county of York, shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the said north riding; and that that part of the parish of Maker, which lies in the county of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate within and part of the county of Cornwall; and

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii Ilf. C 107* 907

that the town and parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be Wokingham situate within, and patt of the county of Berks and that the ^ybof township of Filey' shall be deemed to be situate within and part rjding of of the east riding of the county of York; and that Threapwood Yorkshire; shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the parish of Threapwood Worthenbury, in the county of Flint 5 and that the parish of Saint 5^j^ford 3a martin, called Stamford Baron, in the suburbs of the borough ron^f lin and town of Stamford, on the south side of the waters called coln(hire> Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the county of Lincoln.

CVIII And be it further enacted, That the several towns and tobefub and places herein before .mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and part of the several counties, ridings and places f^etieute aforesaid, for the purposes of this act, shall be subject to the nants, etc. of jurisdiction and authority of the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, those coua* justices of the^peaee, and other officers of the respective counties, ties ridings, and places, within which such towns and places are hereby deemed to be situate; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Warden of thing in this act contained shall extend to the tinners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall; but that the warden of the array" e\ctth2 ftannaries, in pursuance of his majesty's commission in that be tinners of half, and such as he shall commissionate and authorise under Devon and him, shall have and use the like powers, and array, aflfess, arm, conuvau muster, and exercise the said tinners within the said counties, or either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient privileges and customs of the said ftannaries.

CX And be it further enacted. That the several lieutenants The iieute who are or shall be commissioned for the militia of the city of^ndonto London, shall continue to lift and levy the train bands and aux continue to iliaries of the said city, in manner as heretofore. lift the train

CXI And whereas the militia of the Tower dtv if on, in the bands. county of Middlesex, commonly known by the name of The Tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the command of his ma jejlfs conjlable of the Tower, or lieutenant of tl>e Tower Hamlets, for the service and preservation of that royal fort; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said constable or lieute The constable nant, from time to time, to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and of the tower to give commissions to a proper number of officers to train and discipline the militia, to be raised within and for the said division pants, etc, for or hamlets, pursuant to an act of the thirteenth and fourteenth'the Tower years of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act Ham Vs, ac for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, and t0r&c

to form the same into two regiments, of eight companies each, z\ct ^ 4 *

in such manner as the said constable or lieutenant hath used to do; and for defraying the necessary charges of trophies, and other incident expenses of the militia of the same division or hamlets, it shall be lawful for the said constable or lieutenant to continue to raise, in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one month's assessment of trophy money within the said division

90$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107.' [1786.

vrfion or hamlets, in such manner as he hath used to do, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second.

Deputy lieu CXII And be it further enacted. That when and so often anil r as l*eutenant the said Tower Hamlets shall be out of the Unant of the" kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the deputy lieu hamlets is out tenants of the said hamlets for the time being, or the major of the king part of them, assembled at a public meeting to be called for dom. that purpose, to do all acts, matters, and things, relating to

the said militia, of the said hamlets, which might lawfully have been done by the said lieutenant, and the same shall be good Commifllon9 and valid in law, as if done by the said lieutenant; and that no nt dt>bd^th warrant, or appointment, granted or made to any

of the Heute (eputy lieutenant, or other person, of, for, or concerning the nant. militia of the said Tower Hamlets, shall be vacated or become

void by reason of the death or removal of such lieutenant of the said Tower Hamlets.

Constable to appoint a treasurer of the trophy money, who is to account for the same yearly, etc. No trophy money for a succeeding year to be levied, till the account of the former year has been allowed.

CXIIL And be it further enabled. That the said constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint a treasurer of the said trophy money, for receiving and paying such moneys as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second; which said treasurer shall yearly account, in writing, and upon oath, for the same to the said constable or lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, and which accounts for the same shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the said division or hamlets, at their next general or quarter sessions; and that the said constable or lieutenant shall not issue out warrants for raising any trophy money, until the justices of the peace, or the major part of them, at such sessions, shall have examined, stated, and allowed the accounts of the

trophy money raised, levied, and collected for the preceding year, and certified the same under the hands and seals of four or more of such justices, unless in cases where it shall appear tp such justices that, by reason of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such accounts cannot be passed.

Wardenofthe CXIV And be it further enacted, That the warden of the cinque ports, cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their members, and in etc. may a as j^s absence his lieutenant or lieutenants, shall put in execution, within the said ports, towns, and members, all the powers and authorities given and granted by this act, in like manner as lieutenants of counties, and their deputy lieutenants, may do, and shall keep up and continue the usual number of soldiers in thp said ports, towns, and members, unless he or they find cause to lefien the same; and the militia of the said ports, towns, and members, shall remain separate from the militia of the several counties within which the said ports, towns, and members are (ituate; and it shall be lawful for the said warden, or his lieutenant or lieutenants, in pursuance of orders from his Majesty, in the manner prescribed by the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, notwithstanding

lieutenants, etc. of counties may do. Militia of the ports to remain separate from the militia of the counties, and may be called out not with ftandingthe pay advanced may not have been reimbursed, etc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto geosgh III C 909

withstanding one or mors months pay advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the soldiers into actual service and to cause the persons charged as by the said act, to provide their soldiers with pay in hand, not exceeding one.monthypay, in such manner as if all the pay advanced and provided had been reitnburfed, and to use the like powers, and to array, assess, and arm, muster, and exercise, the said soldiers, and to make assessments, and issue warrants for the assessments made, or to be made, for railing any trophy money, and for defraying the necessary charges of trophies, and other incident expenses of the militia of the said ports, towns, and members, as hath been heretofore used, and according to their ancient privileges and customs, anything in the said actor this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXW And whereas, for the different rapes in the counties of Sussex and East Kent, there are no peace officers who can act officially for such rapes: and whereas the rapes in the [aid counties are the mo ft convenient dijlrifts to be appointed as the subdivisions for the deputy lieutenants to execute the federal purposes dir efted by this act, and do contain within their boundaries several hundreds, to each of ivhicb there is a peace officer belonging: and whereas the boroughs and tythings over which there are headboroughs, tythingmen, or other peace officers, are uncertain in their boundaries, and often include parts of various parishes, from which great inconveniences arise, both in ballot ting for the men to be drawn by lot for the service of the said militia, and also in the payment of the money directed to be paid by the parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: and whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotling for men to serve in the said militia for the counties of Sussex and Kent should be by the division of parishes, to ivhicb division there are no peace officers: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and churchwar after the last Tuesday in October next, his said majesty's lieute dens and # nant, or on his deatfr or removal, or on his absence, any three Kent andsuf or more deputy lieutenants of the counties of Suffiex and Kent fexj to make respectively, shall arid may issue out his or their orders to the returns of chief constable of the several hundreds, in the rapes in the said men liable to counties where their subdivisions may^iave been or may be ap [have the pointed, directing such chief constables to issue their precepts to authority the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of each parish hereby grant within their respective hundreds or other divisions, to return to ed to confta the deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivisions, at er the place and on the days by them directed, fair and true lists, p C 3 in writing, of the names of all the men usually duelling within their respective parishes, between the ages of eighteen and fortyfive, difttnguifhing their respective ranks and occupations, and for such several other purposes as are^by this act directed to be done and performed by the constables, tythingmen, headbo rough, or other officer of each parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds or other divisions;; that the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the several parishes in the said counties tor whom such orders shall be issued, shall,

Vo*. XXXV Ooo for

b

pi Anno vicesimo sexto georgii III €. 107. [ 17m,

for the purposes of this act, be deemed the officers of such parish, and shall be invested with all the powers and authorities, and be liable to the several pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any - parish, tything, or place, are subject and liable to, for or upon

. account of his refusing or negledihg to return such lists as aforesaid, or being guilty of fraud or wilful partiality, in making thereof, or not attending the orders issued by his majesty's lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, respectively, or for the several other offences in the said recited act, or in the present act. contained,

CXVI And whereas it may happen, through neglefl or other wise, that infeme county or place the militia way not be raised, according to the directions of this act; and it is just and reasonable that all bis Ma jestys subjects jhouid contribute equally toward the expense of raising and, 4 supporting a militia for the defence of the kingdom; be it therefore

Certified re further enacted, That the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieu mnit1a°j: o be te*lants5 every county, riding, and place, where the militia annually sent shall be raised, according to the directions of this act, shall, on to the clerks or before the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace, containing an 0 e e ‘ account of the names, number, and rank of the officers, and the number of private men of the militia, in that year, and the time during which such militia hath been trained and exercised;; every such elerk of the peace dial] deliver such certificate to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter session to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year on the day on which such session mall be opened, and the same Where no Thai! be filed amongst the records of such session;; where no received^the8 certificate shall be received by the clerk of the peace as same is to be aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his hand and seal to certified by the justices so assembled, and such certificate of the said clerk of the clerk of the p€ace shall be filed by him amongst the records of such the peace. session.

5i. per man CXVII And be it further enacted, That in every county for thermal ancj pjace where no such certificate shall be tranfmitteid to the ed^tobeaffef cerf the peace as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds shall be fed annually annually paid for and in lieu of every private militia man by on places this at directed to be raised within the same county or places fjr° f1 Thence and the justices of the peace shall and are hereby requited, at turne^efent. their ^ generai quarter session, to rate and assess the sum of * five pounds per man as aforesaid upon every such county or place in such manner, and according to such and the same proportions, upon every town, parish, and division within such county or place, and the same shall be levied, collected received, paid, and accounted for in such manner, and by such ways and means, and with such powers of diftfess, and other remedies for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for punishing all persons whose duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, who shall make default therein, as are directed with respect to county rates by an act

nad*

iyssj] Anno vlib^imo fextoiii* 10f. 911

made in the twelfth year of the reig^i of his late Majesty, entitled, An act for the easy affejftngyjx I fatting, and levying ef xoutrty rates, or by any other a or as of $athament: provided al No person ways, That no person residing or having an estate within any such county or placfc, who shall have served as an officer in any *8 ?n officer body of tnilitia raised within this kingdom for the space of four to bear any * years, or who shall be then adualfy serving as an officer in the part of the militia, shall be liable to pay any part or share of such rate or : assessinent to be made as aforesaid, provided such person shall mcn * have delivered a Certificate of such service to the clerk of the peace for the county or place wherein he shall claim such exemption, and also a roll or list of his tenants, and the places of their abode; which Certificate, and roll or list, shall be signed by such person, grid every such clerk of the peace shall forthwith file such certificate, roll, and lift, amongst the records of the quarter leflionand whenever the said rate or assessment shall be ordered to be raised within such county or place, such clerk of the peace shall certify to the high constables of every such county or place the names of ali persons whose certificate shall have been so filed, and who shall have claimed such exemption as aforesaid, and the names of their tenants, ' so inserted iti such roll or list, and such high constables ar hereby required to trarifmk such certificate, and roll or list, to the petty conftabte of every tbwnfhip or place wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such person claiming to bt exempted are situate, in order that the fable may not be assessed or charged to such rate or assessment.

CXVIII And be it further enacted. That in all cases where How the af a certain number of militia men are directed to be raised for feftment shall any cbunty, together with any city or town being a county of ^ between itself, and the militia shall riot be raised for such county arid counties, and city, or town, the payment of the said sum of five pounds per cities being man upon the whole number of militia men so directed to be counties of raised as aforesaid shall be divided and apportioned between ^emfdves. such county, and such city or town, in such proportion as the respective quotas paid to the land tax for such county, and city or town, respectively bear to each other, unless the apportionment of the number of such militia men shall actually have been made in pursuance of the lists directed to be returned by this ain which case the said sum of five pounds per man shall be born by such county, and by such city or town, in such proportions as the rcfpe&ive numbers of militia men, so apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such city or town, bear to each other.

CXIX And whereas there are several cities, towns, and places, which do not contribute to the payment of the said rate called The County Rate; and doubts may arise whether such cities, towns, and places tan be legally rated or ajfejfed towards the payment of the rate or ajjejfment to be laid in pur fiance of this att; be it therefore enacted, Thait ift all cases where the militia shall not be raised Where there within any city, fdtfri* or place; not rated to the. county rate, ^

Q 0 0 2. the ra es €

giz Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 107. [1786.

feflment to be the proportion of the said sum of five pounds per man, to be

roorv rates b°rne by such city, town, or place, shall be railed, levied, and poor 8 ra s c0]je(c^e^ within such city, town, or place, by a separate rate or

assessment, in like manner, by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, and by such and the like ways and means as the rates for the relief of the poor can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall, from time to time, pay over the same to the treasurer of the county with which such city, town or place shall be joined or united for the purpose of raising the militia.

Where a town CXX Jnd whereas there are some towns which lie in Wjo coun-

countie8v<the ties; doubts may arise whether such towns are obliged to pay to money aflef both counties towards raising the said money \ be it therefore fur fed to be paid there enailed, Thatwhere any town lies in two counties, the to thetreafur* proportion of the said money to be paid for such town, in lieu unt^c of railing the militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the treasurer wherein the of the county wherein the church of such town is situate. churchstands, CXXI And be it further enacted, That if any sum of money iftheaffelt which ought to be paid by any city, town, or place, not rated ment for a to the county rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the treasurer there areo county or place as aforesaid, before the first day of June,

county rates 'n every year, the justices of the peace for such county or place be not paid, it shall, at their next Midsummer quarter fetlion, issue out an order may be levied to the overseers of the poor of every parish or place within such by the justices, c*lty5 tqvvrij or plac^ requiring such overseers to certify and return to the said justices, at the next Michaelmas quarter session, the several quotas that every parish or division within such city, town, or place, pays to the land tax for that year, and such overseers of the poor are hereby required to make such certificate and return accordingly < and upon such certificate and return being made, the said justices so assembled at their Michaelmas quarter session are hereby required (by their warrant directed to any constable or tythingman of every such parish and division) to cause the same to be levied by distress and say of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every such parish and division, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels, after such money, and the reasonable charges attending such distress and Sale, shall be folly paid and satisfied; and all such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall be reimbursed the money so levied on them respectively by the same ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for the relief of the poor, by the laws now in being. i '

Treasurer to CXXII And be it further enacted, That the treasurer for pay the afieffi every county or place, who shall receive the said sum of five pounds per man as aforesaid, or any part thereof, is hereby re the^and tax ftuired to pay the money he shall so receive to the receiver for the coun general of the land tax for such county or place, within one ca ty lendar month after he shall receive the same; and every receiver-general

of the land tax; to whom any such money shall be paid,

shall

.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto georigii III C foi'. 913'

shall give a receipt for such money to the person or persons paying the same, which receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for such payment; and that when' the whole sum directed to be raised in any county or plate as aforesaid shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the land tax, in pursuance of this act, such payment shall be a full discharge and indemnification to such county or place for the failure or neglect in the raising and training of the militia for the year in respect whereof such payment shall be made; and every such receiver-general Receiver ge shall, within ten days after the receipt of any such money, cer |?eraj to certify such receipt to the lord high treasurer or comm.i(lioners of [hereof tole his majesty's treasury, and forthwith pay the same into the re treasury, and ceipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the money pay the mo so paid into the exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from ney into the all other money, and shall be accounted for yearly to parlia exc "ecluer* ment and disposed of as parliament shall direct, and no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any officer of the exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such money; and the high treasurer, or the commissioners of the Afalarymav treasury, is or are hereby authorised to allow to the receiver be allowed the general of any such county or place, upon the clearing of his receiver accounts, such salary or reward, for his pains and trouble in receiving and paying in such money, as the said high treasurer or commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding twopence, in the pound for so much money as he shall pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this ach

CXXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That County trea the treasurer of every county or place, as a recompense for his furertodetain pains and trouble in collecting, receiving, and paying the mo thenione** ney to be raised in every such county or place as aforesaid, shall e recdves^ be allowed the sum of one penny in the pound upon the whole and to pay a sum so by him received and paid; which allowance every suchlike sum to treasurer is hereby authorised to detain in his hands out of the ^l^s^&c^on money so received by him before payment made to the receiver money ° general as aforesaid; and every high constable, petty constable' ' are con churchwarden, and overseer of the poor, who shall aclin the cernedincol* raising and collecting of the said money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such treasurer, as a recompense for their trouble therein, the sum of one penny in the pound of all such money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively act as aforesaid; and such treasurer is hereby authorised and required to deducfc the same out of the money so received by him as' aforesaid, and to pay the respective proportions thereof to such high constables and other officers aforesaid,

CXXIV And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the clerks of the peace for every county or place shall and is hereby required, mit^copie^of within fourteen days next after the general quarter session of certified re the peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth day oi December turns to the yearly, to tranfinit to the lord high treasurer, or the commis treasury, etc, (toners of the treasury, and also to the receiver-general of the tend for such county or place, a copy, signed by such clerk

0 0 0 3 of

914. Anna vicefipio sexto Georgii III. s, 107. [17861

oath peace, of every certificate which be shall have received from the lieutenant, or any thijee deputy liqptenants of suck county or place a afpresaid; aid. where suchj eertidcate (hail be omitted to be. delivered, the clerk of tile peace shall certify such. omiffiod tp, the lord high treafprer, or to the, cpmmissioners of the ti; eafury, and alio to the receiver-general of the land tax, and that such clerk of the peace hath certified the same to the justices at such general quarter session, and required such justices to proceed according to thp directions of tlji&ad; and fuck: * clerk of the peace shall also certify what proceedings have been, had at such general quarter session, m relatjpn.to the affdsing; and raising the said rnopey, where the militia shall not have been raised 3 and in cafpfuch justices (hal omit, neglect, or refiufe to proceed to raise the said ipopey according tp the dirediopa of this act, then the clerk of the peace of fqch county or place shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after and to certify ftjch general quarter session of the peace, tp certify to the soli iuft?^tto°the clt0*°f the such omission neglect, or refufaj, of such

iolidtorofthe justes,, the names of the judices who shall be present at treasury.. session; and thefplicitor of the treafufy is hereby required, on receipt of fuclv certificate, forthwith tp proceed, by all such lqgal ways and means as shall be moil effectual and expeditious, to qompfl such justices tq pay due obedience to this, ad, and to c^ufe the said money, to bp raised, collected, and paid.

Solicitor of CXXJM? And be it furthpr; eroded, That if the said futn ofi the treasury five pounds per man, to be raised and p^id ini any fitch county. t -- poehhe or place as afpresaid, shall npt be levied, collected and paid into

^ thp pvrlipmipr in mannpr n hpfnrp /vu*p*qp<4 ship, fruir itrvr,

affinmen ts.

Pen alt neglei

on

of

neral, C,

exchequer, in manner hereinbefore djreded, the solicitor of. the treasury is hereby required forthwith, upon knowledge or infonp^tipft thereof, to proceed by all, such legal ways and means asr'shall bek most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and cohering of such rponey, and the paymen| thereof' intp thp exchequer as afprefaid.

cxxvi^and be ibfurther enacted, Thatif any clerk of the..

.., shall refuse, or wilfq]jy‘negled to receive, deliver, file,

duuin.qkrks

or transmit any such certificates, as, aforesaid, receivertge according tp the dirediops and true meaning of this act every * - such clerk of the peace, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, andtfhaft ajio forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding any office of trust, civil or military, under the crown; and if any receiver-general of the land tax, treasurer, chief constable, petty constable, or other officer, who ought to ad and assist m the raising and colledingpf. the said. money, shall wilfully omit, or neglect pc refuse to. ad'and assist therein according to the direction and true meaning of this act every such receiver-general or treasurer, so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds 3 and every such chief constable, so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and[ every such jpcity cqnftabie and pilier pfficer, so offending shall

for

/‘

rysc i j&imo III C toy. q

far every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds: and the folieitor of the treasury shall and is hereby required, 4 with all due diligence to prosecute with effect ail such justices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treasurers, andt other officers, who (hail omit, negkft, or refuse to perform the duty required of them respectively by this act, touching the racting, collecting, and paying of the said money; and in case the folieitor of the treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any Rich justices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treasurers, or other officers aforesaid, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds

CXXVIL And be it further enabled, That the provisions of Provifiona of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late * 44\efwt majesty King George the Second, entitled, 4n for the ren ing justices, to dering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office extend to and for indemnifying conjiables and others aft ing in obedience to their county lieu warrants, shall extend to all his majesty's lieutenants, and to t^nant^etc* all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, or? any other act relating to the militia, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

CXXVHI. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance Commiflionf of a commission in the militia shall not vacate the seat of any {o^cat^feats member returned ter serve in parliament; and that no person in parliament, being an officer of the militia shall be compelled to serve the nor officers office of ffieriff. " liable to serve

CXXIX Provided always, and be it enacted. That no offi seri *' cer of the militia or private militia man, shall be liable to any punfffiable'for penalty or punishment for or' on account of his absence during absence while the time he shall be going to vote at any election of a member going to an to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning election, C from such election.

CXXX And be if further enacted, That no sergeant, cor Militia men poral, or drummer of the militia, nor any private man, from the seas peace time of hisenrolment, until he shall be regularly discharged officers, etc, from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer or parish officer, or to perform any highway duty, commonly called statute work) or to serve in any of his majesty s sea forces.

CXXXI And be it further enacted. That every person hav Married mili* ing served in the militia when drawn out into actual service, j ™ptrses being a married man, may setup and exercise any trade in any n any town, town or place within Great Britain, without any let, suit, or cas soldiers moleftatien, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, for my u^der or by reason of using or exercising such trade, as freely, and ^ 44, °**'

with the same provisions, and under the same regulations, and with the like exception "in respect to the two universities, as any mariner or soldier can or may do by virtue of an act, passed in the twenty second year of his late majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable fmh officers mariners, and Joldieru as have been in his

Q q o 4 Majeftfi

How penalties are to be recovered, and bow applied where

Anno vicefimcx sexto Georgii III C 107; f 1786.*

Majestyh feervice fence his actefefeon to the thromy to exercise trades; and.‘no such militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any u; b town or place, until he is become chargeable to the pariflv

\ CXXXII And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed the fudiof twenty pounds, shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, dr information, in any of his majesty's courts of not otnerwife record at.Westminster* or the, courts of great session in the prin this^ft.6 ^ c^pa^^es Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine; of * * Chester Lancafeer^ and Durham (as the case, shall require),

wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one inpparlance, shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels,. by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after dedufting the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and. chattels shall have been so dlftrained and sold; and for want of sufficient distress such justice isrhereby required,, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is herein before directed;; commit such offender, to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the, money arising by all such fipes, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the clerks, or (where there are no clerks) to the commanding officers of the respective regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia of the respective, counties, ridings, or places, where such offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made part of the public stock of such regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia respectively.

No order of CXXXIJI. And be it further enacted, That no order or county lieu conviction made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or to^removed p^ace' or by, any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one {?/ Cenioxari. depxjty lieutenant, together with any one justice p the peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act shall be removed by Certiorari out of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, wherein such qrder or conviftiofl was made, iqto any court whatsoever; and that po writ of qertior.ari (Inal! supersede execution or other proceedings, upon any such order or conviction so made in purfuaqce of this act, " ' but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and madp

thereupon; any fu?h writ pr yprits, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding,, -

cf CXXX1V. And be it further enacted, That if any action ai; us. shall be brought agaihft any person or persons, for anything

{1 " done in purigapce of this act, such ^fticn pr suit (hal( be com?

- 1 "; - * menced

1786.] Anno vicegflio fextogeorgii 1h. (l107* 917

menced within six months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in General issue. evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgement.shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the Treble costs same, as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law,

' CXXXV And be it further enacted and declared, That all AH former former acts of parliament relating to the militia of this king militia ap dom (except only such acts as relate to the militia of the city ceptathofec*" of London, the militia of the Tower Hamlets, and the militia of relating to the Cinque Ports, and the two ancient towns, and their mem London, etc. bers) shall be, from the twenty-fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and they are hereby repealed; and that the militia raised by virtue of such of the said former acts as are hereby repealed, shall be subject to the provisions and regulations contained in this act in like manner as the militia to be raised by virtue of this act are subjected thereto.

CXXXVI Provided always, and be it further enacted. That But not to the repealing of the said acts shall not annul or in anywise effect an™d coin any commission of lieutenancy, or any other commission al ^ady erahted ready granted, by virtue or under the authority of the said under them, former acts, or any of them, but that the several persons to where the * whom such commissions have been granted shall and may ad, parties are in the execution of this act, in like manner as they might have acted in the execution of the said former acts, in case this act * had not been made: provided nevertheless, That no person shall act in the execution of this act as deputy lieutenant, or as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, by virtue of any commission already granted as aforesaid, unless he is qualified as herein before is directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a certificate, containing a specific description of his qualification, to the clerk of the peace, according to the fliredions of this act, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding;; also, That all proceedings Proceedings of general and subdivision meetings which have been held un of meetings der and according to the former laws relating to the militia, for^era&s shall be good, valid, and effectual; and such further subdivision t0 be valid meetings as have been ordered and directed by the last general fneetings of the lieutenancy, within the respective counties, ridings; and places, shall be held according to such orders and fliredions, and shall be deemed to be subdivision meetings held pursuant to the diredinns hereinbefore contained.

‘V "', ............... CAP,

$*, !} aia^avic^mo sexto Georgii III. C 108. [[1786. I

Preamble.

19 Geo* a. C j

V

CAP. CVIII

An act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one act of parliamenty the several acts passed for more effectually preventing the fraudj and abuses committed in the admeafufement of coals within the city and liberty of West minder, and that part of the duchy */lancaft£r adjoining thereto, and the several purifbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew holborn, as lies in the county fl/'mid dlefex.

WHEREAS, by an add passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Seconds entitled, An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of $oals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew. Holborn, as lies in the county of Middle fete, it was, amongst other things,, enatfei. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there should be and continue, within the city and liberty of West min ftejy0/7£ public office which should be. called by the name of The .Land coal metres: Office for, the City, and Liberty of Westminster; which said office fhmld,. from time to time, be managed by two fierfons, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and should h called and known by the name The principal.land coal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster; which act was to continue in force for three years, and to. the end of the then nextfession of parliament : and whereas his aid late Majesty did appoint Thomas Paulin merchantand William? Arnold ftfhmonger^ to be.principal coal metres for the city and liberty 0/weftminster aforesaid, and afterwards, by bis grant or letters patent under the great fial of Great Britain did grant unto the said Thomas Paulin and; William Arnold,, the saidland coal metres office for the city: and liberty o/weft minster .^ and. to hold the said office unto them the. said Thomas Paulinand William, amolajointly and several ly, together with all powers,, privileges,. advantage and emoluments thereunto belonging, and. as are granted in and by the said recited act for and during his Majesty s royal will and pleasure: and whereas the said office t of principal coal metres hath been held, from time to time, by persons appointed thereto by his fold late Majesty and his present Majesty, and John Paulin and John Arbuthnot are now the principal land coal metres for the city and liberty ofwestminster, and other places aforesaid, and such office hath been granted to them, the said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot by his said. present Majesty, by his letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain: and whereas the said recited act of the nineteenth year of the reign f his said late Majesty, was continued by several subsequent acts, passed in the twenty-third, twenty fourth, thirty frfi, .and thirty second years of the same reign, and was amended by the of fab aftv, and, by ana ft passed in the

9

r.] Anno vicesimo sexto g^oiigji III C 108. 9*9

sixth year of the reign of fris prefenp Myefly, was, fabjeft to such amendments, farther continued, and mas alfa explained and farther amended; and, by an act passed in the twenty fir(i year of the reign ** c^tinuin^1 cf his said present Majesty, the said far mer acts were further continued former acts to until the twenty fourth day of June which will be in the year of our June *4 Lord one thousand [even hundred and ninety five, and from thence to th end of t he then next session of parliament, and a further amend m§nt was made with respect to same of tbe>provisions contained in the said act of the iwentyrthirdyeor offas [aid, late Majesty: and whereas the said acts have: bjenfamd ufafaland beneficial, but they might be rendered much more fa if the same were further explained and amend ed, and proper provisions made for obviating mischiefs and abuses which were not foreseen nor sufficiently provided again $ the said acts would more ejfefinally anfvuen the purpojes thereby intended, and might be more easily understood. and. better executed if the. same were comprised in one, aft'of parliament: may it therefore pljeafe your Majesty that it; may be enacted $ be it enacfted by the king's most excellent majesty by apd with the advice and cpnfent of the lords spiritu^l and temporal aodqommpns, in this present parliament affembledfc and by, the authority of the same That, Land coal frion) and after the twenty-fourth day, of Jufyi one thousand fe ^eprodded ven hundred and eighty six, there; fl)au be provided, and conn weftmiu tinuedj within the city and liberty of Westminster, one public fter. office, which feajl be oajled by the nam of The Land coal metres Office for the City and Liberty of Wefimbnjler, and hall.be lpanaged by the fai& John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or in case, of their death cm removal, byfuefi other two persons as lhajl, from time to time, he nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors: which said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or such, other two person? fp to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be calied: and known by the title of The Principal Land. coal metres for the city and Liberty of West Their title minster; and such office shall, during the continuance of this act, be kept open every day. [Sundays from the twenty Office hours

fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, from the hour of five in the morning till nine in the evening, and from the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of March, yearly, from the hour of six in the morning' nil six in the evening.

II And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority Juices to ad aforesaid. That, in all cases, where apy jpftice or justices of the ^h^&c peace is or are by this act authorised to examine any person or °, * persons on oath or affirmation, it shall be lawful for such

justices respectively to administer such oath, and take such affirmation,

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Principals to That no person or persons, who shall hereafter be appointed be fwonu one of the principal land coal metres, shall be capable of acting

as such until he or they shall, before two or more of his majesty's wftice$ of the peace for the said. city apd liberty pf Westminster (who

The oath.

Principals to appoint labouring coal b&eters.

Their fia tio m.

They are to be sworn.

labouring metres oath.

Anno Vicesimo fexts Georgii III CL io. [1786.

(who are hereby authorised and required to administer the" fatne) take an oath or affirmation in the words following; to wit,

I A. B. do wear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], 'That I will truly and faithfully, according to the bejl of my judgement and ability,, execute the office of one of the principal land, coal metres for the city and liberty of Westminster, and for that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon and for such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Hoi born j as lies in the county of Middlesex.

So help ms GOD.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said principal land coal metres, or any one of them, and they, or any one of ' them, are and is hereby authorised, directed, and required, to appoint from time to time a sufficient number of persons to be labouring coal metres, within the limits of this act; one or more of which said labouring coal metres shall attend every day Sundays excepted) at such of the coal wharves, warehouses, or other places of sale, within the limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be stationed by the principal land coal metres or any one of them, during the continuance of this act, at such time as is required by the wharfinger or dealer in coals where such metre or metres is or are stationed, to measure out, or see measured, the coals which shall from time to time be sold at any of the said wharves, warehouses, or places where such labouring coal metres shall be so stationed as aforesaid.'

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as one of the labouring coal metres to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his majesty^s justices of the peace for the said city and liberty of Westminster (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the words or to the effect following; to wit,

I A. B. do swear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do

solemnly affirm], That I will duly and faithfully, to the bejl of my fkih and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal metres for the city and liberty of Westminster, and for that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, asx lies in the county of Middlesex; and that I will truly and impartially measure, or see measured, all coqls between buyer andfeller > without favour or hatred

So help me GOD

ind the said justice or justices respectively, who shall administer

the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto.. 11 III C 108. gzt

, the oaths or take the affirmations by this act directed, is and are Justices to hereby required to certify the same to the next general quarter ^jto/af sessions of the .peace to be held for the said county of Middle firmatjon/ sex, after the taking of'such oaths or affirmations respectively, there to remain on record.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Metres not to thority aforesaid, That if the said principal land coal metres or

coal metre, or any of the persons to be employed under them ^1^ ae 0 or him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during their or his respective continuance in their or his office or employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the fate of any coals whatsoever, every such principal land coal metre so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of one hundred pounds, and such labouring coal metre respectively shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and such labouring coal metre, being thereof convicted befbre the said court of quarter sessions, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective office or employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the same, or any other, under this act.

VII And be it further enacted, That upon notice in writ pe.na!fy on

ing, or otherwise, being given to any of the said labouring coal to" *"

metres, or left at the said principal land coal meter's office, for send a la * labouring coal metre or metres to attend at any wharf within bouring coal the limits of this act, to be named in such notice, in order to metre, and oa measure, or see measured, the coals of the person giving the no coa^meters tice, such labouring coal metre or metres shall attend, pursuant not attending to such notice, within the space of one hour from the time gf on notice, giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his or their duty according to the intent and meaning of this act; and, in case of

neglect or refusal to attend accordingly, such labouring coal metre or metres shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings each, and the principal land coal metres or coal metre, neglecting to send such labouring coal metre or metres as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the like sum of twenty Shillings.

VIII And, in order to prevent confederacy, be it enacted, That Stations of the stations to be appointed to and for the labouring coal metres j^etera to be shall be frequently varied by the principal land coal metres or varied, coal metre, or the persons or person executing the office of principal land coal metre, in such manner as they or he shall

think fit..

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all coals which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day Coals to be of July, shall be sold as and for wharf measure, at any place or measured in places within the limits of this act, shall be measured in the pre *

of one of the said labouring coal metres, in such manner metre. 5 as is directed in and by an act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled.

An affor regulating the measurey and prices of cools 5 and the said 16 Sc 17 Car. labouring coal metres shall and may, and are hereby respectively

authorised

$22

coal metres see, 4d, per chaldron, to be paid by seller.

Tickets to be delivered to the seller or carman.

Contents of the tickets.

Tickets to be delivered by labouring metre to carman, and by him to the consumer.

Consumer to repay metage to the seller. Penalty on labouring coal metres neglecting to deliver ticket to the carman;

and on the carman altering it, etc.

Attno vkefittio iefcte glok&li HI. t9 io. [ 1786.

authorised and required to fill up any bushel or bushels of coals that Stall appear to him of Them to be deficient or wanting in measure, out of the stock of coals of the person or persons vending or contracting for the sale of the said coals.

X And be it further eqaded by the authority aforesaid, That fourpence by the chaldrota ft every chaldron of coals which, from and after the said twteftty foutth dky of Julyy shall be fofd and delivered at any wharf, wftrehmafe, or place within the limits of this act, shall be paid by the person who keeps the wharfj warehouse, or place where filch coats are carted, from dr by the seller of such coals to the principal land coal metres or coal fneter for the time being as a recommence for their or his labour and trouble, and for defraying the charges of clerks, meilengers, house rent, fife candles, and all other expenses incident to the execution of the office aforesaid, and for the hire of the labouring coal metres; and thereupon such principal land coal metres or coal metre shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every seller of such coals, or the carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the same, a paper, writing, or ticket, signed by one of the said principal land coal metres, and countersigned by the labouring coal metre attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained as well the christian and surname of the respective sellers as of the confutners of the said coals, the quantity, and day of the week month, and year of the delivery and admeasurement, the amount of the metage Charge, and the names of the carmen or persons employed to Cart, lead, drive, or carry the same coals; and also (Trail contain a notice to the purchaser or purchasers of the said coals, that if he, (lie, or they is or are diflatisfted with the measure thereof such diflatisfadion must be expressed to the carman before any part thereof is (hot or unladen from the said cart; which said ticket being thus made compleas, and metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered, by the labouring coal metre counterfigning the same, without delay, to the carman or person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the coals described in such ticket to the consumer therein named; which said ticket, unaltered, the carman, or person therein named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the coals in such ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective cohfumers therein named, or to their agent or fefvant, who shall attend to receive the coals described in such ticket, for the use of such consumer; and thereupon he, (he, and they are hereby required to pay to the seller, named in such ticket the metage therein specified;; if the labouring coal metre counterfigning such ticket, shall, after payment of the metage charge in pursuance of this act, refuse or neglect to deliver such ticket, as hereinbefore directed, to the carman, or person employed to cart lead, drive, or carry the coals therein described* such labouring coal metre shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; and jf such carman or person employed to cart carry, lead or drive the

coals

178 6.] Anno vicesimo fexta geor&ii III G. 108., 913

coals described in such ticket shall, after the same ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the labouring coal metre c©un terfigning the same, either alter, or neglebt or refuse to deliver live same ticket to the^confumer therein named, or to the agent or servant who shall attend to receive the coals described in such ticket, such carman or person employed to cart, lead, or drive the coals described in such ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten Ihillings.

XI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on

That if any cart or carts loacted, or in which any quantity coast

coals exceeding seventeen bushels shall be sent or driven from unmeasured, any wharf, warehouse, or place situate within the limits of this or without a abl, without having been measured under the infpeblion of the ticket.

said principal land coal metres or coal metre, or of such labouring coal metre, or without having first obtained such ticket as aforesaid, that then and in every such case the vender of the said coals, being convibled thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called j§quakers, by affirmation) of two or more witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middksex, or city and liberty of Westminster, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum or ten pounds.

XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Sacks not to

That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of July, one or

.thousand seven hundred and eighty*fix, no sacks to be made use which hall offer the carriage of coals, within the limits of this act, which not be full shall not be full four feet four indies in length, and full twenty-four feet six inches in breadth, after they are made, shall be sealed or

marked at any office or offices, or by any officer or officers ap inches broad, pointed, or to be appointed, for the purpose of sealing and marking such sacks, by any law now in being refpebting the same.

XIII And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore Dimertfionsof said. That if any wharfinger or carrier of coals shall, at any time to be

or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, make use u e * of any sack or sacks for the carrying of coals, within the limits of this act, of less dimensions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth, or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any false bushel or other measure, and be convibled thereof by the oaths (or, being of .the people called j$htakers9 by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of mid dksex, or city and liberty of Westminster^ he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIV And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore. Penalty 6n said. That if any wharfinger or dealer in coals, shall, direblly or indirebtly, give or cause to be given to any labouring coal metre

within the said limits, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, any sum or sums of money, or other iee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the fourpence per chaldron herein before enabled and allowed for the charges ofmetage, and shall be convibled thereof by the oaths

9*4

Penalty on metres permitting deficient sacks to be used.

Penalty on labouring metre delivering false tickets;

or receiving any reward besides 4d. per chaldron; or making false measure, etc. or delivering any ticket for coals he did not see measured.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C ios. [1786.

(or, being of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such offence, * forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority afarefaidy That if any labouring coal mdter shall, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, use, or permit or suffer sacks to be made use of, for the measuring or carrying of coals, of less dimensions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth, at any place or places within the said limits, and be convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called g)ua$er$> by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the ium of forty Shillings.

XVI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any labouring coal metre, to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this act, shall, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, deliver a false or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, consumer, carman, or other person, with intent to prejudice or defraud any person or persons whomsoever: or shall take and receive from any dealer in coals any sum or sums of money, see, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the fourpence per chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for the metage charge 5 or if any such labouring coal metre shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false measure of coals, or (hail deliver a ticket for any quantity of coals, the whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any place or places within the said limits; and shall be, in any or either of the said cases, convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called Shakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his

majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster^ he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the office of a coal metre; and the principal land coal metres or coal merer for the time being shall, for every such offence of such labouring coal metre so convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

Exemptions XVII Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this waterworks a not exteru*t0 the owners of any works for raising water and persons ' by fire, nor to the owners of any coals to be bought fold, and having one delivered as and for pool measure, but that they shall and may chaldron or have one chaldron of coals, or more, delivered under the infpec * ^poolmea tlon of .his or their own agent in the absence of a metre, and in sure - case such persons are hereby respectively exempted from the payment of any metage charge by virtue of this act; but if such persons shall require the care or attendance of any metre, to be appointed in pursuance of this act, then, and in such case, they shall pay the metage charge of fourpence by the. chaldron

hereby

.

.1785.] Atino vicesimo sexto gedrail III C io. 925

hereby laid, as other consumers ofi coate^are hereby obliged of ought to do, in pursuance of this act; anything hfereitt befcre contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XV III And be it further enacted by t*hfe authority aforesaid.

That if any such labouring coal metre shall, from and after the Penalty on said twenty-fourth day of July, wittingly or willingly suffer any metres suffer coals sold as and for wharf measure (exceeding the quantity of seventeen bushels) to be sent from any wharf, warehouse, or bein^mearur* place within the limits of this act; without being measured in ed. the manner hereinbefore directed, and shall not give information thereof to the principal land coal metres or coal metre, or their or his deputies at the said office, within two days next after such coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and shall be duly convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's juftjces of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Wejltninjler, such labouring coal metre shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a labouring coal metre within the limits comprised in this aand forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if the driver of arty cart or carriage with Penalty on coals loaded therein, from any wharf, warehouse, or place within j^orwr the limits of this act, or any person belonging thereto or em mftting coala ployed therewith, shall take or deliver, or suffer to be taken or to be taken delivered, from such cart or carriage, any coals under his care, out of his otherwise than to or for the use of the owner or owners, pur cart chaser or purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted,

every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; and, in case of nonpayment thereof,

'every such offender shall and may be committed, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of the justice or justices before whom such convicfion shall be had, to the house of correction for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Wejhmnfler, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied

XX Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be dissatisfied with, or think Persons cb'ita himself or herself aggrieved by or in the measure of any coals have^coaf/re sold to him or her by wharf measure, within the limits aforesaid, mrafiireh*figi and shall, upon delivery to him or her of the meter's ticket ac nifying their companying such coals, (ignify his or her desire to have the same desire, remeasured, then, and in every such case, the carman of driver Driver to con of the cart or other carriage, in which the said coals shall be tinue with the brought, shall continue at the house or lodging of the purchaser tnf remeafur of the said coals, with the said coals and the said cart or carriage,

until they are remeasured, under the penalty of five pounds on the owner or proprietor, and twenty Shillings on the driver of the said cart or carriage; and the said purchaser shall im vgl. XXXV P p p mediately

Purchaser to send notice in writing to vender and metre.

Purchaser to pay"6d. per chaldron for remeafuring.

Penalty on vender, C when coals prove deficient.

Carmen to be paid is. fid. per hour, when stopped to remeasure coals.

. Anno vkefimofextogeorgii III C 108. [1786. |

mediately send, or oaufe to be sent, to the vender of the said coals otto his or her wharf, warehouse, or place, notice in writing that the said coals are going to be remeasured, and also send notice thereof to the land coal meter's office; and thereupon a principal metre, oc. one of the labouring metres (not being the metre under j^rhofe inspection the said coals were otiginally measured), Shall, within the space of two hours next after; such notice in writing left at the land coal meter's office aforesaid, attend to remeasure the said coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same Jack by sack, in the presence of the vender and purchaser of the said coals, or their agents or servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to see the same remeasured, and also in the presence of one of the principal or labouring land coal metres of or for the city of London, or of or for that, part of the .county of Surrey lying between Putney and Rotbetbithe^ if such. purchaser shall think proper to require the; attendance of such laftmentioned coal metre; who shall, and hereby directed and required to attend accordingly, within the space of two hours after notice in writing left at such last mentioned coal meter's office; and in case such laftmentioned coal metres or coal metre shall negledfc or refuse to attend pur fiiant to such notice, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; for which remeasure ment the purchaser shall pay the principal land coal metres or coabmeter, appointed by thisad, and also such other land coal metre, from the city of London or from that part of the county ofsurrey aforesaid, as shall attend such remeasurement, the sum of sixpence each, for every chaldron of coals so remeasured; and in case the coals thus remeasured shall not amount to the quantity for which they were sold, then the vender of such coals shall forfeit and pay, for every bufhei of coals found deficient, the sum of five pounds, and also forfeit every chaldron of coals so found deficient or wanting in measure, to and for the use of the poor of the parish where the said coals shall be so remeasured; and the labouring metre, under whose inspection the coals were first measured, shall, for every bufhei so deficient, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, which sum, if not paid within five days next after his conviction, shall and may be recovered from the persons or person executing the office of principal land coal metre for the time being, established by this act; and the coal porters, who shall measure the same for the vender thereof shall, for every bufhei of coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

XXI Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cases where any cart shall be flopped or detained for the purpose, or on pretence, of remeafuring the coals laden thereon, the owner of every such cart shall be entitled to the sum of two Shillings and sixpence per hour for every hour the cart shall be so detained, over and above the ufuaj cartage of such coals; which two. Shillings and sixpence per bopr shall be paid by the vender of the said coals, in case the

font

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 108*

same shall, upon such remeasuremerit, * bee found deficient in measure; or by the purchaser of the said coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or (hail, upon such remeasurementv be found to amount to the quantity for which, the same were sold.

XXII Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no seller of or dealer in coals, within Dealers of the limits aforesaid, shall, for any offences under this act, be

subject or liable to any other penalty, forfeiture, or disability iiat, ietope than what are herein before respectively inflicted or ehacted; naltiesofaft anything in the a of the third year of the reign of his late 3 Geo. II etc. majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the coal trade, or in any other law, statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be For empower lawful for the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex,

or city and liberty of Westminster, in general or quarter session andwefhnin assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required to iti ftertotake choir into, hear, and determine any complaint of fraud, neg cognizance of left, or misbehaviour of the said John Paulin, John Arbuthnot, complaints and the principal land coal metres for the time being, or any or metres" either ff them, in the same manner as they are by law authorised to inquire into, hear, and determine misdemeanours; and if any such land coalr metre shall be found guilty of any fraud, neglecft, or misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay, for the use of his Majesty, such fine as the court before whom such com ^ *

shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding forty pounds, together with such costs as the court shall think proper to award and directs, and in default thereof, be committed to the house of correction for the said county till such fine and costs are fully paid and satisfied.

XXIV And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures imposed

or inflicted, and to be incurred, by virtue of or under this act penahies^etc. (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby *

otherwise particularly directed,) shall be recovered and applied in the manner, and to and for the purposestollowing; that is to say, such and so many of the said penalties and forfeitures as do and shall respectively exceed the sum of five pounds, by action of debt, bill, plaint; or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjier, one moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be to and for the use of our Sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof (with full costs of suit) to and for the use of such person or performs who shall inform or sue for the same; and all other the aforesaid penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by way of complaint made unto any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county of Middlefexy or city and liberty of Westminster; who is and are hereby required to call the parties before him or them, and to hear and examine; such complaint, on oath, or upon affirmation (in case any testimony in this re jpedt (hail be given by any of the people cahedj^^w j * ***&*

..., P p p % upon

'M

5?8 annovi&fitno '^ rc. 108. f 17s jff.; fg

upon due proof there6f made, to his or their satisfaction, to grant a warrant under his or their hand and fed, or hands and fe&ls, for levying such penalties and forfeitures accordingly; one moiety whereof (hiaih lie applied to the use of the informer, and the other moiety to and for the use of the poor of the parish in which such offences shall have been respectively committed; and, in case such last mehtioned penalties or forfeitures shall not (after such conviction or convi&ions) be forthwith paid, that then the same shall be levied by diftrefc and sale of the goods and chattels of the: tfe(pc&rve offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hand indjfeal, or hands and seals of such juftrce or jtidices of the peace before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, rendering the overplus (if any be) to such ©ffender or dffehders; and which said last mentioned penalties, and forfeitures, when paid or recovered, shall be immediately transmitted by the said justice or justices to the overseers of the poor of tyre parish where the person complaining shall reside, for the use of the poor of such parish;; for want of efficient distress, such offender or offenders shall be committed to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding thirty days, nor less than fovea days, there to remain and be kept to hard labour.

XXV Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and Persons ag declared. That if any person, so convicted as aforesaid, shall ap^al torte t^nk' himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the general quartet

barter fef sessions of the peace to be held for the county of Middlesex next ons. after such convidscion, but ndt afterwards; of which appeal such

appellant shall give to the prosecutor or informer seven days previous notice of his intention oftrying the same; and such general quarter sessions, when so appealed to, shall then hear and finally determine the same; but in case there shall not be seven days between such convidlfon and the then next quarter sessions, then such appeal shall be heard and finally determined at the following quarter sessions, such notice being first given as aforesaid: and if the appellant in such appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his appeal, or prosecute the The court to same with efsect, the said court of sessions shall then award such award costs, costs as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open <tc* court, with the penalty adjudged on and by such conviction;

paid to the prosecutor or informer; and, for want thereof, to commit the person or persons thus appealing, to the common gaol of and for the county of Middlesex there to remain until hi or they shall and do make actual payment of such costs and penalty to the person or persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the purposes aforesaid 5 but in case the said appellant shall make good, support, and succeed m such his appeal, and be acquitted of his convidlon, the same coutt shall, in that case, award to such appellant reasonable costs, to be then and there in open court paid to him or them by the person or persons on whose information or prosecution such convidtidn shall havie been founded or made; and, for want of such payment, the

said

rj$6j] Anno vrccfimo fek^j'gfiditgii lit C id?. 929

said court of sessions shall commit such informers and profecqi, tors respectively to the common gaol of the said County of mia dlesex, there to remain until he of they shall and do actually pay Conviaion to such appellant the cost sfo refpeaively awarded to them as not to ^ aforesaid; but no conviction, to be pronounced or made by quaftmd for virtue of or under this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want w*ntof h>rrn of form only. only

XXVI And it is hereby enabled, That no writ of Certiorari No certiorari, (hal! issue, or be ifluable, to remove the record of any conviction or proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronouneed, in pursuance or by ihe authority of this act, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Wejlminjtir.

XXVII And be it further elided by the authority aforefawl.

That this act shall commence and take place upon Mbnday the Commence

rwenty fourth day of July') one thousand seven hundred and ment and

eighty six, and shall be in force and have continuance Until the C nua" CC

twenty-fourth day of June, Which will be in the year of our 0 8a

Lord one thousand feveri hundred and ninety five, (being the

residue and remainder hdw to come and unexpired of the

term granted by the said recited a of the twenty first year of

the reign of his present Majesty), and from thehce to the end

of the then next session of parliament j and that froth and after

the said twenty-fourth day of Jiity one thousand seven hundred as of. 19, 2$,

and eighty six, the said recited aids of the nineteenth, twenty 3 tian<li3a?

third, twenty-fourth, thrrty^fifft, 'and thirty secondyeans of the ^andai^eo.

reign b his said late majesty Kifig George the Second, and of the m. repealed!

sixth and twenty first years t>f the reign of his prdeht Majesty,

jfhafl be, and is and are hereby repealed.

XXVIIL Ahd be it further ertaded by the authority afore said. That if any action, information, or fuir, shall be brought. Limitation of filed, or prosecuted against any person or persons, for anything actions, done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be commenced or filed Within two calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards; and lhalj be laid in the coonty of middle fexf and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in or to such actions, suits, or informations, may plead the general General issue. tflue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had 'thereupon, and that the same Was done in pursuance of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action, salt, Or informatibn, shall be brought or filed after the time for that purpose Htnired, Or foal! be brought in any other county or place, then the jury, in every such case, mail find for the defendant or defendants; and ft the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or fafifer la difeohti nuahce Of his, her, or their adron or adieus. Or if a verdict fwtll pals against the plairitjff of pfeintiffs, of if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be $ven xgastfft the plairitiff Or plilnfiffi, the defendant or defendants ft^ll Mve soil cofb, fcftd such remedy cost for recovery of die $$ $fiy defendant of defendants forth bi l&vtldr'dbttvdt M ftx oses cafofr wwr _.

xxix, Ahd

93°

Publick act.

Preamble,

, ‘ IIL C 109. [1786. ^

XXIX And be it further enadl^f by the authority aforesaid. That ihis'a^t shall be deemed, judged, apd taken; to be a public aau be judicially taken notice of as such, by all

judges" juices, and other persons whomsoever, without fpe* f" cially pleading the same,

L CAP. CIX

An act for incorporating the members of a society to be called The Clyde Marine Society; for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable an useful designs; and for levy ing certain duties from Jhipmafers and cithers for that purpose.

W H ERE A S. a number of merchants and hip owners: in the city of Glasgow did in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight form them]elves into a society by the name of The Glasgow Marine Society, which was afterwards united with a society erected ^ greenock/^r fimitar purposes of which united society many other merchants and ship owners in the said city of Glasgow and in the towns of Greenock, Port Glasgow, and crawford's Dyke, all fitudted on the bants of the river Clyde, in that part of Great Britain calledscotland, afterwards became members for the purpose of efiablijhing a charitable fund for the relief ofsick, worn out and decayed ship mafiers* officers and mariners navigating Ships and vessels belonging to or freighted by merchants ship owners and ethers of the said city and towns and their dependencies y and of tb widows and families of such ship mafiers* officers and mariners; and have been enabled by the entry money paid by the members and the, voluntary donations and subscriptions of charitable and well disposed persons and by a contribution or poundage at the rate of twopence per pound sterling* on the wages of the ship mafiers* officers and mariners belonging to or sailing from the said city and towns not only to afford relief to a great number of indigent persons of the description aforesaid and to carry the humane purpose of their association so far. into effect as to difiribute annually for the lafi eight years at an average the sum of two hundred and eighty nine pounds ten billings and one. penny halfpenny sterling* in fixed and settled pensions to the said persons and in small sums given in occasional, charity ta persons of the aforesaid description* when they were in temporary want from fuknejs* or had been maimed wounded or Jhipwrecked* or had met with any other accidental or casual niisfortune* by which many hundreds of persons have been relieved from most distressing and calamitous situations since the infiitution of the said society;; also to accumulate a capital foci which on the first day of March, one thousand/even hundred and eighty six amounted to two thousand one hundred and sixty two pounds thirteen shillings and four pencejlerling* the interest of which joined with the other aforesaid funds has been from time to time applied to. the charitable purposes before recited: and whereas experiencehath Shown that the said society hath hitherto been of considerable use and advantage and it is presumed that the said society if .countenanced and supported by the laws of this realt*i and ffiablijhed upon a permanent and respectablt foundation,

' "and

1786 ] aii^no vicesimo f^xtb (seorgii III C i69. 931

and vejled with proper powers; for. enabling them to carry jntu execution their charitable defigns9 would be of much more extensive ufe9 benefit, and advantage, and would contribute to the commercial inti rejis of the aid city, and towns, and their dependencies : but it is apprehended that these useful ends cannot be attained in their full extent without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comipons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, Alexander Brown esquire, present dean of guild of the said city of Glasgow, and John Campbell of Clathick, James JJ, r!sto.r8 °* Richie of Bufhbie, James Dunlop of Garnkirk9 Archibald Header *

James Sommerville9 James m*dowall9 Robert Dunmore and Robert Finlay, all merchants in Glasgow; John Paterfon9 John m‘cunn9 James Gammill9 William Fullarton, Hugh Moodie, Andrew Anderfon9 and Roger Steivart, merchants in Greenock; and John Crawford junior, John Dunlop Patrick Dougall9 James Howie9 and Stephen Rowan merchants in Port Glasgow hall, and they are hereby declared to be directors of the said society, and shall continue to be so, until the first general meeting of the said society, to be held at the time and place and in«the manner herein after mentioned, but no longer, unless they shall be re elected in manner after mentioned and that they and their successors to be elected and named in manner herein after directed, together with the persons whose names are at present subscribed or enrolled in. the said fociety's books as members thereof, and those persons who may hereafter become members, shall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be, one body corporate and politic, in deed and in name, by the name of The Clyde Marine Society; and by that name they shall have perpetual succession, and a common seal, with power to change, alter, break, and make new the same, when and as often as they shall judge the same to be expedient: and that they and their successors, by the same, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, answer and beanfwered unto, in all or any courts or court of record, and places of judicature within this kingdom; and that they and their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain for the ends and purposes of this act, all such sum and sums of money as have been given, devised, or bequeashed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed to them by any charitable or well disposed person or persons; and also to sue for, levy, collect, hold, possess, and dispose of the duty for (hipmasters, officers, and mariners herein after given and granted.

Stock of a, i6al. 13s. 4d. sterling, vetted in the society. General court for electing twenty-one directors on the ad Tburfday in August, 1786.

A general annual meeting to be held for the choice of directors, on the second Thursday in August, yearly. election of directors; four to go out yearly, and four chosen in their room, ©ireftore may settle pen

fioas

Aflno vfcefitno fextegeorgh HI. C no. [i

(ions on decayed hip matters, See. Other courts of dir^ftors to he held for difpoftng of their funds. fifire&ors may give temporary charily Bean of^guitd of Glasgow to be president of the corporation ©irec* tors to appoint a treasurer, wbq ito account and keep books of prov ceedings. Books to be produced at the general, anpnal meeting. Perf fons fubferibing 2l. as. sterling, to become members. Duties to be levied from hip matters, C matter to pay 9d. per month $ first matter and first carpenter dd. all others d, jduty not to be levied from persons navigating figliters, gabbarts, boat, and other small craft, used on the river Clyde, or on the Great 01; Monkland canals Matters, etc. of ships obliged to pay duties for men navigating ships, C Receiver of the duties to be appointed by the directors. Receivers of duty to sum haon matters of ships to appear, sixpences of this to be raised by a duty of id, per month, additional for one year, apd the fiirpius to go to the dock. Penalty on making false oaths, perjury. Limitation of actions to six months. Pubfick aft

A P. CX#

An act for (applying North Shields, and the shipping resorting thereto

with water.

Proprietors $ Edward Hall of Whitley, in the parish of Tin mouth, William Watfpn, William Taylor, Richard Armstrong, John Rippon, and George Rippon, of North Shields, brewers, incorporated by the name of the Company of Proprietors of the North Shields waterworks. Their powers to enter on lands belonging to the duke of Northumberland, in the manors of Tinmouth or Tinmouthshire, or either of them, to dig and search for springs of water, and to convey such water from thence, and from a faring arising in Whitley limestone quarry, to the town of North Shields, CC and to make water courses, CC over any lands they think necessary, and to make reservoirs, C for keeping such' water; and to dig up the roads, streets, C and lay pipes, arid put stop cocks, etc, and to alter the same as necessary; doing as little damage ' as may be; and no building, yard, orchard, garden, planted walk, lawn,; or avenue to any house, to be entered without consent of the owner. No person to be restrained from supplying the town as heretofore, etc. or the village of Cullercoats, from being supplied from Harden Well, or the spring in Whitley limestone quarry; and not to make any reservoir on the west side of the road from the northwest end of North shields topreston, without consent of the owner of lands, etc. Inhabitants deiirous of having the water laid into their houses, may make pipes to communicate with the company's pipes. Penalty on laying pipes, etc. without the consent of the company, osa day while they remain. No inhabitant of the town to be supplied by a separate pipe, from a reservoir, but only by the common main pipe. Penalty on persons interrupting or injuring the works, iol. and to make good the damages. No action for damage occasioned by working any colliery. The duke of Northumberland to have a seventh part of the profits of the undertaking, in consideration of permitting toe company to take water from his lands, etc. to be paid the 1 ft Monmiy in March, yeafty* Company to keep accounts of their receipts and difaurfements, which may be inspected by the duke, and his agents. The duke not to be deemed a partner, or subjected to any expense of the undertaking. Satisfaction to be made for damage to lands, etc. held by lease under the duke, and to the proprietors of other lands; or to be settled at the quarter sessions, by jury, in 12 months after damage, on notice, etc Undertaking vetted in the proprietors, and they are to bear the expellees in equal shares. Company empowered to borrow money, to be laid out on the undertaking, at interest, on mortgage. Interest of the mo ' ney borrowed to be paid in preference to any dividends to the company.

All as of the company may be done by toe major part. Recovery of penalties above tol. by action, etc. and under iol. by distress, etc.j Appeal, in six months, to the general quarter sessions. Limitation of

aftioa*

He '; d by

§785.3 Awntr Vfcfellmo sexto Georgii III CI 11 — 114.

actions tfffi* fnonths After the fact. General issue may be pleacted, and Vrct, etc. given in evidence. Treble costs on verdiet, etc. If the company do not lay out 500i. in three years, the act to be Void. And to be a public act.

CAP. CXI

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and pafiages leading thereto; and for building another bridge over some other part of the said river, within the said city (if necessary); and for opening proper ways and pafiages tbereto; 'and for making a way from the bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said city.

CAP. CXII

An act for raising a competent sum of money to defray the expense of a proper number of watchmen, patrols, and beadles, within the parffhes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the city of Wefkminster. — 'Rates not to exceed 9d. in the pound.

CAP. CXIII

An act for widening several streets in the city of Edinburgh; for opening a cdminunicatron from queen's Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the burial ground; and forextending the royalty of the said city over part of the lands of Broughton.

CAP. CXIV

An act for ascertaining andncollecting the poors rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the poor, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

irft meeting of the churchwardens, overseers, and vestrymen, to irry the act into execution', to Be in ac days, after passing the act. For illing subsequent meetings, annually, at the vestry hall, on Thursday Whit fun week, or in 14 days after; Ten periods to be chosen an lally, who, with the patrifh officers and‘veftry men, shall be casted go .rnors and directors of the poor of the parish. Pound rates to be ade as shall be expedient. Rates on divided tenements to be paid by : cupiers, and deducted outofthe rent. Rates may be collected from rties removing, in proportion, to be settled by governors, etc. The efent debt of the parish to be afeehained, on Easter Thursday, 1; 86. r raising money by annuities to discharge the debt on the parish, not ceeding 1000i. nor on lives under 40, payable quarterly. Names of nuitants to be entered ina book, and account kept of all payments to ?m. Annuities to be charged on the rates, and may je assigned, southeast rities given to the purchasers of annuities, to be paid in 30 days after e. To appoint a treasurer, and oblige him to account. The trea er to pay the money, as the governors and (directors shall appoint.

> governor, etc. to provide goods, etc. for the workhouse for their n profit. The poor to be maintained and employed, and the pro ce of their labour to go towards their maintenance. Contracts may made for maintaining and employing the poor. Collectors to be pointed. Their power to levy arrears, after demand by distress and , etc. Their allowance 6d. in the pound. Giving security for hfully accounting. Money to be paid to the treasurer. Collectors account with the auditors, or be punished by imprisonment. In case collector appointed, the rates to be collected by the churchwardens

934 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115 - 118. [1786.

and Overseers, according to $, Eliz. Moneys coming to the h^nds of the churchwardens, etc. to be paid to the treasurer, and accounts thereof be delivered to the auditors. Persons aggrieved by rates, mai appeal to sessions, after having first, applied to governors, etc. Form poor laws (except as altered by this act) to remain in force. No oath poors rates to be made, but fvch as are directed by this act. For pu willing poor, milbehaving themselves, in the workhouse, either by mo: derate correction, confinement, diftinguilhing them by dress, orfettinj them in the ftocka, not above it hours at a time or such other method as may belt tend to remedy such offences for the future without com milling offenders to the house of correction, or other prison.t. penalt on persons buying eloaths, etc. belonging to the parish; for the first of fence 5!. the second 10i. and third 20l to be levied by distress anc side; and in default thereof to be committed for three months. Penalt to be divided between the parish officers and the informer. Penalty 01 conveying spirituoua liquors into the workhouse, 5i. Goods, money etc. vetted in governors and directors. Auditors of accounts to be ap pointed. Accounts of moneys received and disbursed to be entered 1 books, and examined by the auditors, who may call for the accounts Duplicates of all examinations respecting bastardy and settlements, fc be kept at the workhouse, under the controul.of the governors^etc Such duplicates to be deemed evidence, and inhabitants may ^ wit nelfes. Nqtice to be given of vestry meetings. Seven a quorum C meetings necessary to act. Expenses of this act to be paid out of rate: Limitation of actions to six months. General ilfue. Treble colt: Public act. Form of the oath, before directed to be taken by th Church wardens, etc. on giving in their accounts.

I do swear, [or, being one of the people called Quaker do foleronly affirm], That the account now delivered in by me signed with my own proper hand writing, and that the same doth cor tain a full and particular account of all moneys received and expende by me, for and on accpunt of the parish of Saint John Southwark, * the county of Surrey, in respect to my office of [churchwarden, C 1 the case may be] of the said parish, from the day; of

to the day of instant; and that all tl

moneys charged in the said account, as expended by me, have actual been so expended for, and for the use of the said parish.

CAP. CXV.

An act for providing a proper, workhouse, and better regulating t poor, within the parish of Barking, iathe county of Essex; and f regulating the common wharf within the town of Barking.

CAP CXVI.

An act for paving the footways and passages in the town of Cheltenham, in the county of Gloucester; ancfcfor better cleanfirtgr a lighting the said town 5 for taking down certain old buildings nc Handing therein; and for removing and preventing other encroac ments, nuisances, and annoyances.

CAP. CXVII

An act for pulling down and rebuilding the church of All Saints, the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the church yard, and making convenient avenues and passages thereto.

CAP, CXVIII

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within town and port of Folkestone, and the parishes of Folkestone, Che tonne Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Poftling, Lyminge, Elh*

---

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III C 120 — 121. 935

Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the county of Kent. — Styled The Court of Requests in the Town and Port of Folkestone; to proceed for a debt of 2s. and under 40s.

CAP. CXIX

An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places within the borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight; and for the removal of present, and prevention of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein,

CAP. CXX

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the county of Surrey; for the removal of present, and preventing of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for laying out two new streets, and widening and regulating several other of the streets and passages within the said liberty; for discontinuing the passage through Globe Alley; and for shutting up in the night time the way leading from Clink Street, in the said liberty, to the river side.

CAP. CXXI.

An act for appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

END of VOL. XXXV.

