THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

THE

Statutes At Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761,

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXV.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

For CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1786.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo quinto

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Second Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, and live stock, to be imported in none but British-built ships, actually belonging to British subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his Majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 5. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third years the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States; and for continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to extend the powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and port of Faversham, the hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for the year beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 9. For paving, cleansing, and lighting The High Street, and other places within the town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 10. For building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

Cap. 11. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 12. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 13. For repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, in the county of Perth.

Cap. 14. For draining and preserving certain lowlands, within the parish of Timberland, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 15. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 16. For taking down the present market, house, and certain other buildings, in the town of Uxbridge, for the purpose of widening The High Street; and for paving the footways, and lighting and cleansing the streets and other places within the said town, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for changing the course of the road between Mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said market house.

---

Cap. 17. To enable the house of commons to authorise the select

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

committee, appointed to try the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election for the county of Bedford, to proceed in case the said feled committee shall be reduced to a less number than is prescribed by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present majesty, *entitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 18. To empower the justices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate for the county of Middlesex, to continue to hold p session of gaol delivery of Newgate, begun to be held before the eflbign day of term, and sitting of the king's bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such eflbign day, or the sitting of the said court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex.

Cap. 19. For appointing of to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any altauies which may exist in the same; and to report such observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

Cap. 20. For appointing of to put in execution in act of this session; of parliament, intituled An act for grafting an aid to hislmayejiy by a land lax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eight*jive; together with those named in three former acts for appointing of of the land taxpand with those named; in the Jand tax act of the twenty-third year of his majesty's reign, and in the land tax ad of this session of parliament.

Cap. 21. To render more effectual several acts of parliament, for erecting hospital* and workhouses, within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the setter employing and maintaining the poor there 5 and to raise further sums of money for the better carrying the purposes: the said acts into execution.

Cap. 22. For repealing so much of an act made in the last session of parliament as relates to the distillation of corn spirits in small flills, in certain counties or districts of the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorising the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences, to persons living in the said counties or difirids, to difiil spirits from barley, beer, or; big, the growth of the said' counties; and for imposing a duty on such licences.

Cap. 23. For better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watchdog the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and fpassages, within that part of the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, called The water side Division, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances, therein; and for lighting and watching certain parts of and belonging to the turnpike road leading from the east end of New Street m. Southwark to Deptford, in the county of Ketit, within the said Waterside Division of the said parish: mentioned

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 24. To repeal so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, as iiftposes duties on all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained; on licences for bleaching or dying the same.

Cap. 25. For allowing further time for the importation of goods, the produce or manufacture of the island of Tobago, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

Cap. 26. For the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland in the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. 27. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Tunjiead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 28. For opening an easy and commodious communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the country southward; and also from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty on the north, and for enabling trustees to purchase lands, houses, and areas, for that purpose; for widening and enlarging the streets of the said city, and certain avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the university; for enlarging the public. markets, and communications thereto; for regulating certain taxes; for lighting the said city; for providing an additional supply of water; for extending the royalty of the said city; and for levying an additional sum of money for Statute labour in the middle district of the county of Edinburgh

Cap. 29. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty-third year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An act for authorising the treasurer of the navy to pay to the garrison and naval department at Gibraltar, the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of war taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain.

Cap. 31. For better regulating the office of the treasurer of his majesty's navy.

Cap. 32. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 33. For raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Cap. 34. For better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for erecting a market house, and holding a public market in the said vill.

Cap. 35. For the more easy and effectual sale of lands, tenements, and hereditaments of crown debtors, or of their sureties.

Cap. 36. For building a new bridge over the haven of Great

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Yarmouth; and for enlarging the term, and altering some of the powers, of an acts of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for clearing, depth erring, repairings maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from accidents by fire.

Cap. 27. For rebuilding the bridge across the river of Ayr, at the town of Ayr.

Cap. 38. For vesting in Edward Bancrofts doctor in physic, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole property of his invention or discovery of the use and application of certain vegetables for dying, staining, printing and painting certain valuable colours, throughout that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

Cap. 39. For the better preserving and maintaining the piers and harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

Cap. 40. For more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the counties of Bedfords Huntingdon, Northampton Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

Cap. 41. To repeal part of an act passed in thd sixth year of his present Majesty, for the relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and other purposes in the said act mentioned; and for making new provisions for the relief and employment of the poor, for the repairs of the highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other places, in the town and parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obstructions, and encroachments therein; for enclosing certain commons or waste lands within the said parish, for the use of the poor; and to enable the vestrymen of the said parish to erect a workhouse thereon; and to purchase land for a burial ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a lane within the said parish, called Love Lane.

Cap. 42. For vesting in Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole use and property of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his majesty's dominions, for a limited time.

Cap. 43. To repeal the duties on male servants; and fqr granting new duties on male and female servants.

Cap. 44. For regulating insurances on ships, and PH goods, merchandizes, or effects.

Cap. 45. For reducing the time for the imprisonment of debtors committed to prison, upon prosecutions in courts of cor science, in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court; and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of such imprisonment

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 46. For the more effectual transportation of felons and other offenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scothndy and to authorise the temoval of prisoners in certain cases.

Cap. 47. For transferring the Receipt and management of certain dutiefe therein mentioned from the of of ex rise, and the of of stamps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in refjtedf to the said duties so transferred.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on licences to be taken out by persons using or exercising the trade or business of a pawnbroker.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon licences to be taken out by coachmakers; and also certain duties upon carriages to be built for sale.

Cap. 50. For repealing an ari, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, *entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued' with respect to the killing of game; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 51. For repealing the duties on licences taken but by persons letting horses for the purpose of travelling post, and on horses let to hire for travelling post and by time, and on stage coaches; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also additional duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

Cap. 52. For better examining and auditing the public accounts of this kingdom.

Cap. 53. For settling an annuity of nine thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like annuity payable out of the duties of four and one half per centum in Barbados and the Leeward islands.

Cap. 54. For better securing the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

Cap. 55. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by persons vending gloves or mittens; and amo certain duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail.

Cap. For more effectually preventing deceits and frauds in the manufacturing of cordage for shipping, and to prevent the illicit importation of foreign made cordage.

Cap. 57. To exempt carriages, carrying the mail, from paying tolls at any turnpike gate in Great Britain.

Cap. 58. For the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 59. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of mo*to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 60. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys^therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for providing

A TABLE of the ST A TU TES.

a compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal secretaries of iiate, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post, between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 61. To authorise the lord ftemrd of the household, the lord chamberlain, the mailer of the horse, the master of the robes, and the lords of the treasury, respectively, to pay bounties granted by his Majesty, to perilous in low and indigent circumstances.

Cap. 62. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 63. For reducing the allowances for waste on salt and rock salt; for regulating the exportation of salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the use of soul salt for manure only; for allowing a drawback on the exportation of Glauber or Epsom salts; for retraining fish curers from being dealers in salt; for regulating the exportation of herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the duties on salt; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws relating to the duties on salt.

Cap. 64. For altering and amending an act made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and 'fiver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Cap. 65. For the further encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 66. To explain and amend an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Cap. 67. To prohibit the exportation to foreign parts, of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas.

Cap. 68. For appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 69. To repeal the duties upon flasks in which Florence wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation of wipes in final calks for private use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an act made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies n America $ for disallowing the drawback on the exportation of snuff; for continuing the permission to land rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise; for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of silk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of raw silk.

Cap. 70. To rectify a mistake in an at, passed in this present session of parliament, entitled, An act to repeal the duties on male servants; for granting new duties on male and female servants.

Cap. 71. For extending the time limited, by an act of this session, for delivering in navy, victualling, and transport bills.

Cap. 72. For repealing the duties on linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and on cotton stuffs, muslins, fustians, velvets, and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton stuffs, muslins, fustians, velvets, and velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 73. To declare, that brewers selling beer or ale in less quantities than a cask, containing four gallons and a half, shall not be entitled to any allowance out of the duties of excise for waste or leakage; and for making allowances to distillers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in respect to the duties imposed by an act of the last session of parliament.

Cap. 74. For repealing the duty imposed on tea by an act passed in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the removal of tea; for directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles.

Cap. 75. To extend the provisions of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings, to the registry of burials, births, and christenings of protestant dissenters from the church of England.

Cap. 76. For appointing of further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 77. To amend so much of an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls; and for the move effectually preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof; and other the places therein mentioned, as relates to manufactories of turpentine; for extending the provisions of the said act, so amended, to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, throughout that part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the proprietor of a turpentine manufactory in F*etter's Fields, in the borough

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Southwark, against the penalties he may be liable to under the said act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said manufactory from the provisions herein contained.

Cap. 78. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and for regulating their trade.

Cap. 79. For repealing an a made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain per fans uttering or vending medicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his majesty letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 80. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attorneys, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed of record, as therein mentioned.

Cap. 81. For the better securing the duties payable on tobacco.

Cap. 82. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost; or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying persons who have acted as trustees of turnpike roads in certain cases, and declaring their proceedings valid.

Cap. 83. For further postponing the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 84. To limit the duration of polls and scrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to serve in parliament for places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and, also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 85. For paving the footways in the borough of Reacting, in the county of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, passages, and places, in the said borough; and for removing incroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 86. For better watching, lighting, and cleansing such parts of the precinct of Saint Catharine near the tower of London

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the county of Middlesex, as are not included in the provisions of certain acts passed in the Seventh and ninth years of his present majesty's reign $ and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 87. For extending the Dudley canal to the Birmingham canal, at or near Tipton Green, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 88. For lighting and watching the village of Clapham, and certain roads leading thereto, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 89. For supplying the inhabitants of the parish of lam beth, and parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey with water.

Cap. 90. For the better paving, cleangng, and lighting, the Streets, lanes, ways, and passages, within the borough of Arundel, in the county of Sussex, and for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 91. For taking down the market house in the borough of Bridport, in the county of Dorset, and rebuilding the same, together with a fesiion or courthouse, in a more convenient situation; for removing the Shambles, or butcher row 5 for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the said borough; for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new houses or buildings within the said borough with thatch.

Cap. 92. For draining, preserving, and improving certain low grounds and carrs in the several parrshes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

Cap. 93. For the removal and rebuilding of the council chamber guildhall, and gaol, of the city of New Serum $ and for ascertaining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the said city.

Cap. 94. For repairing, new pewing, feating, and erecting galleries, and making other alterations and additions in and to the parish church of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

Cap. 95. For rebuilding the parish church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the city of Brijhh, and for widening the streets adjacent thereto.

Cap. 96. For amending two acts, of the eighth and Sixteenth years of his present Majesty, for opening certain passages, and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such part of Hog Lane as lies within the liberty of Norton Falgate, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

Cap. 97. To enable the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood street Compters, and to purchase certain ground and buildings within the Said city for the purpose of rebuilding the same.

Cap. 98. To enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of s certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, Situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the county of Middlesex, in exchange for the inheritance of certain buildings or barracks, and land adjoining thereto, and also of certain ground contiguous to Tinmouth

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

---

Castle, in the county of Northumberland, belonging to the duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other compensation as shall be a full consideration for the same; and also to empower the said duke to make such exchange.

Cap. 99. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from The Trent to The Mersey and the company of proprietors of the navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a navigable canal from the said Trent and Mersey navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said county; and for confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the Coventry, canal navigation companies.

Cap. 100. For amending and improving the navigation of the river Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the parish of Houghton, in the county of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the parish of Wisborough Green in the said county; and for continuing and extending the navigation of the said river Arun, from the said wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said county of Sussex.

---

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 101. For continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing several roads leading from The buck's Head, at Wattling Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Poll in the parish of Kemberton, in the county of Salop, and for making the same more effectual.

Cap. 102. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act made in the seventh year of his present majesty's reign, to repair and widen the roads from Whitchurch, in the county of Salop, to the turnpike road between Nantwich, in the county of Chester, and newcastle under lyne; and from Hijnstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

Cap. 103. For continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the towns ^srnarden and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from A (h ford to Faversham, at a place called Bound Gate.

Cap. 104. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, entitled. An act for amending and widening the road from Tinsley, in the county of York, to the town of Doncaster, in the said county.

Cap. 105. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, entitled, An act for amending and widening the road from the foath end of the town of Rotherham, in the county of York, to the present turnpike road near Pleafley, in the county of Derby; and also the road ftomth e nor ft) end of the said town of Rotherham, into the present turnpike road on the cqfi side of tankerfley Psirk, in the said

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

county of York, so far as the same relates to the road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the turnpike road near Pleajley aforesaid.

Cap. 106. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an ar, passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called Nightingales, in the township of Heath Charnock, to the bridge at the west end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of an al, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act sot repairing and widening the road from Derby to Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, and several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 108. For continuing the term of an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from Callington, in the county of Cornwall;,) and for widening and repairing the road leading from Bushfordftto beaps Mill, in the parish of Stoke Climstand; and also the road from Penterfcross, in the parish of Pillaton, to a place called The Fighting Cockst in the parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said county.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an at of the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Horsham to the top oft Beading Hill, and from Steyning to the top of Steyning Hill, in the county tf/'sussex.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an af, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing and widening the road from Beverley to Kexby bridge, in the county of York.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an al, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Baxter Gate, in the town Whitby, to the south end ^lockton Lane, in the parish of Middleton, in the county of York.

Cap. 112. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acis of the second and ninth years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rpads from the White Post on hafelden's Wood, in the parish of Cranbrook, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same parish, to castleden's Oak, in the parish of Biddenden; and from the turnpike road in the parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the turnpike road in the parish of Newenden, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 113. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicester, to the guide post in Saint margaret's Field, Leicester; and, from the town of Leicester to the town of Lutterworth, in the said county; and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term and powers of an ai, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amend

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing and widening the roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the county of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same county.

Cap. 115. For repairing and widening the roads leading from the gibbet or Lutterworth Hand on the Wattling Street Road, through the parishes of Churchover9 Brownfoyer, new bold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the county of Warwick, to the turnpike road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said county, at or near a public-house known by the sign of the coc&j in the said parish of Bilton.

Cap. 116. For amending and keeping in repair the road leading from Ipswich to South Town; and from the said road at Beech Lane, in the parish of Darjbam9 to Bungay in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 117. For more effectually repairing the roads leading from The Stones End in Blackman Street, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stociwell9 to Brixton Gaufeway; and from Newington to the east end of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the county of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several acts, now in force, as relates to the said roads; and for repairing the road from Highgate aforesaid, to Wiicbcrof$9 in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 118. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the eighth yiear of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from the town of bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the turnpike road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the turnpike road at Minsterley, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Salop and Montgomery.

Cap. 119. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the fourth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bideford, in the coitniy of Devon.

Cap. 120. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from scott's Dyke, in the county of Dumfries, byjr through the villages of Langholm, and Hawick, to Haremofs in the county of Roxburgh.

Cap. 121. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for widening and repairing the road leading from Ashborne, in the county of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present turnpike road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 122. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, fevetal reads leading from the town of Cardiff, and several other towns and place in the county of Glamorgan;,) and for making, altering, repairing, and widening certain other roads within the said county.

Cap. 123. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the fourth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from the high bridge in Spalding, to a certain place called Tydd Goat, in the county of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said county

Cap. 124. For amending and keeping in repair, the road from Whitechapel Church, in the county of Middlesex, to Shenr field, and the furthermost part of the parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the causeway, in the parish of Low Layton, to the end of the said parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the county of Essex and for lighting and watching the said road from Whitechapel Church to the four mile Hones in the Rumford and Woodford roads.

Cap. 125. For amending the roads from a place called biff's Elm, in the Tewkesbury turnpike road, through Cheltenham, to Eldon Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the road from Cirencester to Gloucester; and from the market, house in Cheltenham to the Burfoyd turnpike road at a place called pewf don Act); and from Cheltenham to the road from Gloucester to London, at or near a house called Kilkenney; and from the direction post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a house called The Harrow, all in the county of Gloucester,

Cap. 126. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the end of Stan bridge Lane, near a barn, in the parish ^romfey, to the turnpike road at Mid*die Wallop; and from the turnpike road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the turnpike road at Stockbridge; and from the garden of Henry Hat tat at Awbridge, to the garden wall of Denys Roll esquire, at East T qderley 5 and from lock erley mill sir earn to East Dean gate; and from the said garden wall to the turnpike road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the county of Southampton, to Salisbury.

Cap. 127. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of his present majesty's reign, for amending tk& road from Aylesbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Benfingr tonne j«<i, shulingford, in the county of Oxford; and for amending the road from the turnpike road at Thame, to the Oxford turnpike road between Pofijcomb and Tetsworth, in the said county of Oxford.

Cap. 128. To enlarge the term, and explain and amend the powers, of an at passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road in Banbury, in the county of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottefbach, to the south end of Mill Field, in the parish of Lutterworth, in the county of Leicester.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act to enable William Lucas Held to take and use the surname of Rose.

2. An act for naturalising Charles Frederick Wiple.

3. An act for naturalising Frederick Hendrick Van Hagen.

4. An act for enclosing, and leasing or letting a certain common, and certain waste grounds, lying within the parish of Marston Montgomery, in the county of Derby, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poor's rate, and other parochial taxes of the said parish.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, common or stinted pastures, wolds, ings, sends, meadow lands, and waste grounds, within the township o(south Cave, in the east riding of the county of York.

6. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the common fields, half year, or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of ashilly in the county of Norfolk.

7. An act for naturalising Simon Tamm.

8. An act for naturalising John Andrew Be Luc.

9. An act for naturalising Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philip Dobbert.

10. An act to enable the right honourable George Evelyn viscount Falmouthr and others, and the guardiaiis of their issue male, to make leases of the estates in Cornwall, devised by the will of Hugh late viscount Falmouth deceased, and also to grant sets and leases of the mines therein.

11. An act for vesting certain estates, in the counties of Kent and Somerset, and in the city of London, devised by the will of Thomas late earl of Leicester, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising therefrom metre purchase of other estates, situate in the county of Norfolk, to be settled to the same uses;

12. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open and common arable fields, and the down or common called Colerne Downey within the parish of Colerne, in the county of Wilts.

13. An act for dividing and enclosing certain parts of the moors, commons, and waste lands, within the manor of Egle jlotjy in the county of Durham.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing th common fields, common meadows, heath, and waste lands, lying within the manor and parish of Meriden in the county of Warwick, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

15. An act for dividing and enclosing the several common pastures,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pastures, commons, or waste grounds, within the townfh's ojf Wykebam, and Rujion, in the manor of Wykebam, in the orth riding of the county of York.

16. An act to enable William Pemberton esquire, and his first and other Tonnes, and their issue, to take, use, and bear the name and arms of Chide, pursuant to the will of Edward Cludde, esquire, deceased.

17. An act for vesting in trust, for Peter lord King, and his heirs, the inheritance, in see Ample, of a mefltiage, or dwelling house, in dover freet, in the county of Middlesex, devisedand limited by the will of Thomas lord King, deceased, and for settling a farm, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the uses limited by the same will.

18. An act for confirming an exchange agreed upon between the lord bishop of Hereford and the right honourable Charles lord Sommers, of certain estates in the county of Hereford.

19. An act for confirming a mortgage made by John Newnham esquire, of part of his settled estates in Sussex, pursuant to a decree of the high court of chancery, and for enabling him to make a further mortgage of his settled estates, according to such decree, and for discharging both encumbrances with the produce of his estates vested ih trustees to be sold.

20. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement between the warden and scholars, clerks of Saint Mary college of Winchester, near Winchester, in the county of Southampton, an i their lessee, and Robert Pope Blachford esquire, for exchange certain grounds in the parish of Whippingham, in the Isle Wigbty and county of Southampton aforesaid,

21. An act for vesting two thiny sixth shares of the navigation of the river Douglas, alias Astand, in the county of lancaster, part of the settled estates of Edward Holt esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

22. An act for vesting the estates devised by the will of Anthony Wharton esquire, deceased, situate and being in the county of York, in trustees, to be sold, for payment of the debts and in, affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus of the purchase money upon the trusts, and for the purposes, therein expressed.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain waste, or common, called Lizard Common, within the parish of Idfal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the county of Salop.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste lands called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington, otherwise frat tonne Common, and South Sea Common and Wases, in the guild able part of the parish of Portsea, and county of Southampton.

25. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields and waste lands within the manors of Kinnerley and Melver lay, in the county of Salop.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and

A 'TABLE of the STATUTES.

waste within the townships of Pickering and Ncfotirr, hi

that noi&h tiding of the bounty of yoyi.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, open Common fields ccfmtoon meadows, commonable lands and waste grounds, within the liberty of Holbrooke, in the parish of Dujpeld} in the county of Derby.

28. An act sot dividing and enclosing the common fields. Common meadows, waste lands, and other commonable plates Within the pafilh of Upper Clatford, in the county of southampton

29. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, and common or waste land, within the lord Ihrp or liberty of Qfgathorpe, in the county of Leicester.

30. An act to enable John Simpson (lately called John Bridge man) esquire, and the heirs male of his bhdy, to take and use the fur name of Simpson, pursuant to the will of William Simpson esquire, deceased, and also to bear the arms belonging to thfc family of Simpson.

31. An act for exchanging part of the settled estate of hene ge Earl of Aylesford, in the county of Kent, for another estate, of greater value, in the same county, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An act for vesting a Collage of tenement, used as and for h school house, and other hereditaments, in or near the town of Milton, in the county of Dorset, in Joseph lord Milton, and his heitfi, in lieu of, or in compensation for, a tneflbage of tene. ent and garden, situate and being in the town of Blandford

rum, of greater value.

33. An act for vesting part of the settled estates, and such of northeast estates of the right honourable sir John Shelly, baronet, deceased, which, upon his death, descended to his fort sir Jotin Shelley baronet, an infant, as his heir at law, in trustees, for the purposes within mentioned.

34. An act for better regulating the charity of John Shaftob, of Nether Warden in the county of Northumberland, clerk, deceased.

35. An act for vesting certain detached parts of the settled estates of Henry Hippijley Coxe esquire, in Somersetshire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the tenants for life to gfant as well leases of the coal mines as other leases.

36. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of John Coats esquire, in the counties of Montgomery, Salop^and Stafford in trustees, to be sold, for raising money for payment of debts and encumbrances affecting the same estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act to effectuate a partition of the estates of Job Hatimer esquire, the reverend Erasmus Warren clerk, and sir Thomas Charles Bunbury baronet, in the counties of Suffolk and Essex.

---

38. An act for vesting part of the estates of John Topp esquire, deceased, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery in trustees, to be sold, for payment of his debts and legacies, and the costs of suit, pursuant to the directions of the court of chancery, and for discharging part of the estates so vested from a perpetual yearly rent charge, and for subjecting part of the said John Topp's devised estates to the payment thereof.

39. An act for empowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to sell such parts of the estates of Barnbarroch and Shenchan, lying in the county of Wigtown, and stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew esquire, as shall be sufficient for payment of the debts affecting either of those estates, and for vesting the remainder in fee tail to the same heirs, and under the same limitations, as are mentioned in the deed of entail thereof bearing date the twenty-ninth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

40. An act for vesting the estate of Drummodie, and others, lying in the county of Wigton, in sir William Maxwell, of Munreith baronet, in fee simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell his heirs and assigns, in fee tail, the estate of Little Killantrae, and others lying in the same county, in lieu thereof.

41. An act for vesting the undivided moiety of the freehold and copyhold estates of William Clarke esquire, deceased, devised by his will for the benefit of his daughter Mary Forbes, and her issue, in trustees, for the purposes within mentioned.

42. An act to enable the honourable Wilbraham Tollemache, and the several other persons therein mentioned, to grant building leases of certain parts of lands and hereditaments in the county palatine of Chester, (devised by the will of the right honourable Lionel late earl of Dysart) upon the terms and restrictions therein mentioned.

43. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of James Walwyn esquire, in the county of Hereford in the said James Walwyn, in fee simple, and for settling other estates of the said James Walwyn, in the said county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

44. An act for sale of a sufficient part of the estates of Hugh Parnell, a lunatic, for payment of his debts and encumbrances, under the direction of the court of chancery.

45. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, waste grounds, and moss, within the hamlet or township of Forton, in the county of Lancaster.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures, ings, and other commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the county of Lincoln.

47. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common crofts, and common meadows, and for draining and improving certain common moors, within the parish of Wimborne Minster, in the county of Dorset.

48. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving certain lands, grounds, carrs, and common pastures, in Woodmansey, Thearne, Weal, and Skidby, all in the parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing an open waste, or common, in the parish of Sidlesham, in the county of Sussex.

50. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain open tract of land called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the west riding of the county of York.

51. An act for naturalising William Henry Collignon.

52. An act for naturalising Barnard Levi.

53. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parish of Landegai, in the county of Carnarvon, belonging to the trustees of the free school of Beaumaris, in the right honourable Richard lord Penrhyn, of the kingdom of Ireland, and his heirs, upon certain terms and conditions therein mentioned.

54. An act for vesting a fee farm rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett esquire, and Martha his wife, in the county of Bedford, comprised in a settlement made upon their marriage, in trustees, to be sold, for the purposes in the act mentioned; and for vesting other parts of their settled estates, situate in the county of Kent, for the separate use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other uses, the same as in the former settlements thereof.

55. An act to enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their heirs or assigns, to convey certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Clehonger, in the county of Hereford, and which are now subject to the trusts of the will of the late John Smith esquire, in exchange for other lands in the same county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, upon the trusts of the said will of the said John Smith.

56. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common lands and grounds within the several parishes of Foffont, Swallowclift, Ebesborne, Wake, Broadchalk, Bowerchalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the county of Wilts.

57. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields, ings, or pasture grounds, and common, within the township of Kilnwick, in the parish of Kilnwick, in the east riding of the county of York.

58. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Inglis esquire, with Ann Stewart his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act to enable John Schrieber esquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Lateward.

60. An act for naturalising Charles Imhoff.

61. An act for naturalising Hermann Graumann.

The End of the TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, magnae Britannia, Francia, & Hiberniae, vicesimo quinto.

AT the parliament begun And holden at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-fifth day of January, 1785; being the second session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

---

An act for confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, and live stock, to be imported in none but British built Ships, actually belonging to British subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his Majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States America and his Majestfs subjects in the island" ^/" may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coftfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Com refw&ions mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho on the impof* Titv of the same. That, from and after the passing of this act, into and during the continuance of thtf same, no goods or commo Newfound vol. XXXV B dities land.

2

No bread, flour, or livestock, to be imported into Newfoundland from the United States of America, except in licensed british built ilsips, Sec.

Time for granting licences limited.

Matter of vessel to deliver licence to customhouse officer at port of discharge;

who shall give a certificate thereof, See.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i.

[1785.

dities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into any port, harbour, or place, in the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or country belonging to the United States of America, upon any pretence whatsoever, except bread, flour, and livestock, under the restrictions and regulations herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, and during the continuance of the same, no bread, flour, or livestock, shall be brought or imported, from any place or country belonging to the said United States of America, into any port, harbour, or place of the said island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, except in british built ships, which shall actually and bona fide belong to and be wholly owned by British subjects, and navigated according to law, and which shall, within the space of seven months previous to the time of such importation, have cleared out from some port in Great Britain, or some other part of his majesty's dominions in Europe, for which purpose a licence shall have been granted by the of of his majestyvcustoms in England or Scotland, or the of of his majesty's revenue in Ireland, or any other persons who may be duly authorised' in that" kingdom, respectively, in the manner and form herein after mentioned 5 which licences shall continue and be in force for seven calendar months from the day of the date upon which they are respectively granted, and no longer.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such licence shall be granted by virtue of this act after the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the master or person having the charge or command of any ship or vessel to whom such licence shall be granted shall, upon the arrival of the said ship or vessel at the port, harbour, or place in the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands tb his Majesty belonging, where he shall discharge such bread, flour, or livestock, deliver up the said licence to the collector or other proper officer of the customs there, having first endorsed upon the back of such licence the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread and flour, and the description and tale of each sort and species of live cattle, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the collector, or other proper officer of the customs at Newfoundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a certificate to the master or person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, of his haying received the said licence so endorsed as before directed, and to transmit the same to the of of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland, or to the of of his majesty's revenue in Ireland, respectively, by whom such licence was granted.

V. And it is hereby further enacted byr the authority aforesaid,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i.

That if any bread, flour, or live ftrick, hail be imported Goods im or brought from any place or country belonging to the said ported continued States of America, into the said island of Newfoundland, arto be^or or the adjacent islands to his Majesty feeiongifigj without the feited. licence by this ai directed; or if any other goods or commodities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into the said island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or country belonging to the said United States of America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this al, all such bread, flour, live (lock, and other goods together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs in the said island - the same, as well as the pecuniary penalty inflicted by this act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty which Aiall have Jim fdi6tion within the said island of Newfoundland*and, after deducting the charges of prosecuting How to be the same from the gross produce thereof the remainder shall divided be given, one third to his Majesty, his heirs and fueeessors, one other third to the governor of the said island, and the other third to the officer or officers of the customs who shall feiae and prosecute for the same.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force from the commence Continuance ttient thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

Form of the Licence dife&ed by this ah

By the commissioners for managing and causing to be levied and collected his majesty's customs subsidies, and other duties, in [wherej.

WHEREAS [name of the person], one of his Majestfs subjects ref ding at [place where], hath given notice to us the of of his Ma

Jess [customs in Great Britain, or revenue

in Ireland], that he intends to lade at [some

port of the United States of America], and import into [some part of Newfoundland in the [ship's name], being a brituh ^/7/ ship) [describing the tonnage, and what sort of vessel], navigated according to lawj whereof*[mailer's name] is maser, bound to [where]; and it appearing by the register of the said ship the [ship's name], whereof [master's

name] is tnastet, that the said ship the [ship's name

was built at [place where], and owned by

[owner's, name], residing at [place where], all

his Majestfs British subjects) and that no foreigner, directly or in diretilf bath any Jbare> part, or interef therein;

B a., Vow

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 2. [1785.

Now be it known that the aid [performs name] hath

licence to lade on board the said ship (ship's name],

at and from any port or place belonging to the United States of America, breeds flour, and live flock, the produce of the said United States, and no other article whatsoever, and to carry the said bread, flour, and live flock, to some port or place on the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging; and on the arrival of the said ship at any port, harbour, or place of discharge in Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, the master or person having the charge or command of the said ship is Required and enjoined to deliver up the said licence to the collector, or other proper officer of his majesty's customs there, and to endorse on tt>e back thereof, the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread or flour, and the defer iption and tale of each sort and species of live flock, on penalty of one hundred pounds; and Jkall thereupon receive a certificate thereof from the said collector, or other proper officer of the customs.

This licence to continue in force for calendar months,

from the date hereof \

Signed by us the at the this day of one thousand seven hundred and

Licence to import bread, flour, and live flock, the produce of the United States of America, Newfoundland.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, 'and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Malt act of 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. fest, 1. further continued to June 24* 1786. Sect. 2. The following duties to be paid in Scotland for malt, mum, cyder, and perry. Malt to pay 3d. per bushel: mum 10s. per barrel: cyder and perry made for sale, 4s. per hogshead. These duties to be raised, C by virtue of all or any act in force concerning the duties on malt, Scc. Sect. 3. 10, 0001. to be raised in Scotland. In case of deficiency, an additional duty to be laid on malt. Surplus to be applied to the fisheries. This act to relate to the same day and time as the act 1 Geo. 3. did. Malt brought from Scotland by seato be entered at the port of landing: brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carlisle. Malt not duly entered and duty paid to be forfeited. Cyder or perry for diddling not chargeable. Distiller to give notice in writing to officer when he distish cyder or perry. 5l. penalty for neglect. Maltfteto, for every ao quarters of grain made into malt for exportation, to be allowed 30 quarters, according to an act 1w. & M. C ia. On certificate of malt being exported, and security given, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding^Every steeping of malt for exportation to be kept separate till measured. Maltsters to give notice to officers. Sic, Penalty on clandestinely opening the locks, cof any storehouse 1001. malt fters, on June 24, 1785, to clear out of their storehouses all malt for exportation within is months, on pain of forfeiting 501. All maltsters, after June 24* 1785, shall clear their storehouses every fifteen months, on penalty of 501. Clauses in an act 1 % Annas, stat. 1. C a. and 6 Geo. X

C axe

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3.

C ar. recited. 5s. per bushel penalty on all corn steeping or steeped for making malt, which shall be found in the cistern or couch so hard and compact, as it could not be unless the same had been forced together to prevent the riling, iool. penalty on fraudulently conveying from the cistern, C any steeping of corn, and mixing the same with other corn charged with the duty in the couch; or fraudulently conveying the same away, so that no gauge of such corn can be taken in the couch. How penalties are to be recovered. Buyers of cyder and perry for their private use not to be charged. Persons selling less than 20 gallons to be deemed retailers. Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general issue, and shall have treble costs. Clauses in an act 6 Geo. 3. c. 14, recited. Where the duty granted by this act on cyder or perry, in custody of a factor, shall be certified to have been charged, the factor shall be discharged thereof, Clause of loan at 4b ios. percent. Tallies of loan to be struck, corders to be registered and paid in eourse. No see for registering &<^ for undue preference. It shall not be deemed undue prefer ence where tallies are dated or brought the same day: nor if fubfg quest orders be paid before fqch as were npt demanded in eourse. Orders assignable. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different sums, in the principal moneys. Bills to bear interest at 4l. ios. percent, per anq. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the eourse Of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, C The bills to be placed as cash in the offices of the tellers of the receipt of exchequer; to be issuable thereout in common with other moneys, and to be. current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Interest to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bills are in the hands of receivers, C Bills paid to receivers, C to be signed and dated. Bills may be re issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books, iool. penalty on receiver qeglecting to keep books, fyc. Bills filled up by in porfement, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding 5, 0901. each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or endorsement thereon, felony. How the moneys are o be applied. Treasury bn Sept. 29, 1786, to take an account of all moneys raised and discharged. ijnfatisfied moneys to be paid out of the next aids, or out of the sinking fund. Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal sums, which shall from time to time be in eourse of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to the paymasters. Bills to be registered in eourse. When interest'to cease. Paymastera liable to the control of the treasury. ^reasury to settle salaries of clerks, C and to contract with persons to circulate bills, C Contractors not disabled from being members of parliament, C Contractors may lower or raise the interest, with consent of treasury. Contractors how to b paid. No see to be taken by the officers of the exchequer, C n.q fractions of a penny to be paid for interest. Charges to be paid out of the sinking fund, and to be replaced put of the first supplies. Clause of relief for bills lost or destroyed Bills discharged to be cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated to discharge national debts incurred before Dec. 25, 1716. Deficiency of the malt tax 23 Geo. 5. how to be supplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the supplies granted, for the year iyg^.

CAP. III.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while oji ft)orvx — Same as former years.

b3

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4. [* 7515.

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for thefendce of the year one thousand seven hundred an I eighty five. - Four Shillings in the pound.

VII. And whereas doubts have arisen as to the qualification by law required of ike mnjler of his Mojeflfs household, the first clerk of the household, the clerk of the kitchen, and several officers who, in virtue of their offices, have heretofore added, or may hereafter aft, as of for putting into execution so much of several adds of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, as relates to the assessment on the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James,

Qualification be it enacted, That no other qualification shall be required of any required of such officers, who shall act as of by virtue of their the ouse °* ces or place than the possession of such respective offices e ou e or places; and that no such officer shall be subject or liable to any penalty inflicted by any such acts, for having heretofore acted without being pcffeffed of any other qualifications, which might have been required by any such acts respectively, than such office or place.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the matter of his Majesty's household for the time being, the first and second clerks of his majesty's household for the time being, shall be of for putting into execution so much of this act as relates to the assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the money thereby limited and appointed to be raised in and for the palaces of Whitehall and Saint fames.

LIV. Provided always, That the right honourable the matter of the Rolls, the matters in Chancery, six clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, registers, clerks of the inrolments, clerks of the affidavit and Subpoena offices, and all other the officers of the court of Chancery that execute their offices within the liberty of the Rolls, shall there be assessed for their respective offices, salaries, and other profits, and not elsewhere; and that all annuities, stipends, and pensions, payable to any officers in respect of their offices, shall be taxed add assessed where such officers are rated and assessed for their offices, and not elsewhere; Pensions to be and that all other pensions, ttipends, and annuities, in England, afie(ted where ladles, and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon lands, shall

Matter of the household, C to be of.

Officers in chancery to be assessed in the rolls 1u berty.

Annuities where to be rated.'

payable;

personal estates, where persons resident, C

Persons not

be charged and assessed in the parishes or places where they are payable; and every person who is or shall be rated, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect of any personal estate to him or her any ways belonging, shall be rated at such place where he or she shall be resident at the time of the execution of this at 5 and all personfc not being householders, nor householders, having a certain place cf residence, shall be taxed at the place dent rc1" where they shall be resident at the time of the execution of this Absent pera y and if any person, who ought to be taxed in England, ions to be rat 'Woles, or Berwick upon Tweed, by virtue of this act, for or in d where they respectqf his personal estate, shall, gt the time of his assessment,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6. 7

be out of the realm, such per soil shall be rated therefore in such were last refi county, city, or place, where he was last abiding within this dent realm.

CAP. V

An act for farther continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, "An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to*his majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and there inhabitants of the said United States' and for continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, "An act to extend the powera of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned. —

Continued till April 5, 1786.

CAP. VI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment n of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 18, 053, including 2, 030 invalids.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Deserter may case of any soldier tried and convicted of desertion, whensoever be adjudged the court-martial, which shall pass sentence upon such trial, to serve inany shall not think the offence deserving of capital punishment, forhfc or for such court-martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punish a term*of ment, adjudge the offender, if they shall think fit, to serve as a years; soldier in any of the corps fiationed in any of his majesty's dominions beyond the feasor in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of the offence: and if such soldier shall afterwards (without leave from his Ma but returning jesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which without leave he shall be appointed to serve) return into this realm, or the ration of such kingdom of Ireland, before the expiration of the term limited term, he shall by such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court suffer death, martial, he shall suffer death.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, Proceedings That none of the proceedings, of any general or regimental of courts, or court-martial, nor any entry, or copy thereof, shall be, charged co^es^here or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever, anything liablg

contained in any former act or acts to the contrary not with to stamp du (landing. ties

LXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Soldiers, from the passing of this act, no soldier, being arrested or con while confin fined for debt, in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be in reedve titled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or con pay r e finement, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he shall belorig.

8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6. [1785.

Where any

LXXVII. And be it farther enacted, That when and as fe^tfh^fbe^ ten as regiment or company shall be relieved at any fta relieved in or or place beyond the seas, in order to their return to Great der to return Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or home, such of officers, thereunto authorised by the commander in chief at such stat'ron or place respectively, to enlist as many of the fou may be^nlift *ers belonging to such regiment or, company, returning to ed and in cor Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall ap porated with pear to be fit for service, and to incorporate them in any regi tbofeappoint mentor company which shall be appointed to remain; and h to reailhevery soldier so enlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed to be, of^u^tting11 discharged from the regiment or company in which he before speh former feryed 5 and the occasion of his quitting such former corps shall corps to be be recited in the enlisting certificate; a duplicate, or an attested recited in the ^ppy whereof, shall be delivered to such soldier, to protect him hfiwte^er* being any ways molested upon suspicion of his having

deferred.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore in what cases said. That this act shall be construed to extend to the islands of ^tendt^ter 7erfe^9 Guernsey, Alderney, Sarkr and Man, and the islands ftyf guern«r" th^retp belonging, as to the clauses therein for mustering and \py] See. paying, and to the provisions for the trial and punishment of officers and soldiers who shall be charged with mutiny or desertion, or any other of the offences which are by this act declared to be punishable by the sentence of a general court-martial $ and also to the clauses which relate to the punishment of persons who shall conceal defprters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or who shall cause the colour of such clothes to be changed.

This act not

LXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this act con tl^mffitia*0 ta*nec* extend or be any ways construed to extend, to farther than is concern any f the militia forces of this kingdom, or in Jersey, directed by Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the islands thereto belong

the ing, excepting only in such case wherein, by any act for regulating

the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, the provisions contained in this act, or in any at for punishing mutiny and desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant tp take place in respect of the officers of the militia, and private militia men, within that part of exception. Great Britain aforesaid; and also except so far as relates to the mustering of the militia forces of this kingdom, according to the provisions herein after mentioned.

LXXX. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested that officers of the marines shall be affociaied with officers of the land forces for the purpose of bolding courts mar as sten as ft iial; be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it fary Officers ay necessary ft shall and may be lawful for officers of the ojf the land land and marine forces to sit in conjunction upon courts maraud xnarino tial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or soldier of the

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 7. 9

land forces, in like manner, to all intepts and purposes, as if forces may sit

such court-martial were composed of officers of the land forces

only j and the officers of the land and marine forces are, in mpartial°ur S

such cases, to take rank according to the senioriiy of their com taking rank

missions in either service. according to

LXXXI. And 1 for the better ascertaining the number of effec ^f^e^com

five men of the regiments of militia, when embodied and in actual minions.

service, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Militia and

and after the pafing of this act, every regiment or corps of fencible men,

militia and fencible men, when embodied and in actual service, when in ac

shall be regularly muttered by commitfaries appointed for that tual service,

purpose, in the same manner, and as often as the army is ufu j mu toed

ally muttered; and the magistrates shall have the same powers.

and authorities, and both officers and men shall be subject: to

the same regulations, restrictions, and penalties, as are imposed

on thie officers and soldiers of the army by virtue of this act.

LXXXII. And whereas the lime of service in the militia is If

mited to three years, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer commanding each regiment or corps of militia, Names of mi

or fencible men, shall certify, on the back of the mutter roll, hba men, C

the names of those men who are within six months of the time ^famoxiths

of the expiration of their service, and also the number of men Of the expira

which have been enrolled since the last mutter, distinguishing tien of their

the ballotted men from the substitutes; and every man foin service, to be

rolled shall be entitled to receive his pay from the time of his ori

rj the back of

mrollment. muster.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore roll, said, That this act shall be and continue in force, within the Continuance realm of Great Britain, from the twenty fourth day of March, of this act. in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and shall, be and continue in force, in Jerfy, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the islands thereto belonging, as to such parts thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the thirtieth day of Apr if in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, until the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and shall be and continue in force, within the garrison of Gibraltar, and in his majesty's other dominions beyond the seas, as to such parts thereof as relate to those places respectively, from the twenty-fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty Teven,

CAP. VII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and port of Faversham, the hundreds of Faversham and bough tonne, and the several parishes of Ospringe, Seafalter, and Whitstable, in the county of Kent,

A court

IO

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8 — 10. [1785.

A court instituted, to be called The Court of requests in the Town and Port of ifaverhiam; to be held weekly, before three or more of, to recover debts above 2s. and under 40s. (except for relit on lease, or where title may come in question, or on real contract, or on will, or matrimonial contract, or other ecclesiastical matter, or wagers, or won at play, or on penal Statute, or bye law, or on promise made above six years before summons).

CAP. VIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five.

Same as former years.

CAP. IX.

An act for paving, cleansing, and lighting The High Street, and other places within the town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing

iiuifances and annoyances therein.*may rajfe 6001. by

mortgage of rates or on annuities.

CAP. X

An act for building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present gaol and houses of correction for the county of Gloucester are very ill confirusted, and neither. sufficiently spacious, nor in other respects well adapted for the reception of prisoners: and whereas by an act made in the nineteenth year 19 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain and amend C 74 left. 5. the laws relating to the transportation or other punishment of recited. certain offenders), his Majesty is enabled to appoint supervisors for building two penitentiary houses9for confining and employing in hard labour such persons convicted of transp or table crimes within England, or Wales, as are therein mentioned, with a limitation of the number of convicts to be sent to the said two penitentiary houses from the re jspective circuits and places within England and Wales, as therein divided and described; and in the mean time, till certificate shall be made in manner therein mentioned, that such penitentiary houses. are fitted and completed for the reception of offenders the court in which any such offenders as are therein before described shall be cony ifled, or any other court for the same place, with like authority, is enabled to order such offenders to be kept to hard labour in the respective houses of correction, or other proper places, within each county, which, during the said time, are to be deemed penitentiary houses in manner therein mentioned; and the justices of the peace for every county, at their several quarter sessions to be held next after the seas of Saint Thomas the Martyr, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or at any adjournment of the same sessions, are thereby required to give dire ft ions for the temporary reception, safe atjudy, employment, and due regulation of such offenders, the expenses of which, being previously examined and allowed by the justices atlheir e quarter

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. II

quarter sessions, are directed to be paid by the treasurer of each county t and whereas two penitentiary houses for England and Wales have not been erected in pursuance of the said recited act, nor hath any house of correction been fitted and prepared as a temporary penitentiary house for the county Gloucester: and whereas it may be of great public utility, that a house of correction to be used as a penitentiary house Should be built for the particular purpose of confining such transportable and other convicts within the same county, as well in respect to the uncertainty tvhen the two general penitentiary houses for England and Wales may be built, as in respect of the small proportion of offenders which will be receivable therein from the circuit io which the county of Gloucester belongs; and it is absolutely necessary that a new county gaol and fevsral houses of correction, Should be builty for the use of the said county: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons who are now, or shall hereafter for the time commission being be acting justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester9er shall be, and they are hereby constituted of for building a new gaol and a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for executing such of the powers of this act as are herein after entrusted to them the said of.

II. Andy in order to continue a sufficient number cf acting commissioners for executing the powers of this act be it further enacted.

That if any person, hereby constituted a commissioner, fna 11 For electing neglect to act as such for one year after the passing of this act, gq^ers°mmi^ or after his becoming an acting justice of the peace for the county of Glou'cefery or if, by writing under his hand, to be delivered to the chairman of any meeting of the said commissioners, he shall signify his intention not to act as a commissioner, every such person shall forfeit the right of being a commissioner, hereby given to acting justices of the peace for the said county, and shall be incapacitated from acting as a commissioner, unless he shall be afterwards elected a commissioner tinder the power of election herein given; and if any person, having begun to act as a commissioner, shall, in manner aforesaid, signify his intention no longer to act as such, or shall not be present at any meeting, and sign his name in the book of proceedings as a of, for two years successively (which last mentioned omifllon shall in all cases be considered as a neglecting to a as such), in every such case it shall be lawful for the remaining of, or the greater number assembled at any meeting, at which not less than seven shall be present, to elect one other person, who (if not an acting justice of the peace for the said county) shall be otherwise qualified as herein after mentioned, in the room of each commissioner so declining or neglecting to act; but notice of the intention to proceed to such election shall be published in some public

Qualification of commissionenj.

Penalty on acting, if not qualified.

Commissioner meetings.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

newspaper circulating in the county of Gloucester, at least eight days before the meeting for such purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person, except such as shall be of by virtue of their office as acting justices of the peace, shall be qualified to at as a commissioner under this acts, who shall not have, in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, in possession, a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate, for life, or for forne greater estate, or an estate for some term of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a term certain, originally created for twenty-one years or more, in lands, tenements, of hereditaments, lying or being in the county of Gloucester^ of the clear yearly value of twp hundred and fifty pounds', over and above what will satisfy or discharge all encumbrances affecting the same, and over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same or who shall not be seized of or entitled unto, in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, the immediate reversior\ or remainder of and in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying and being as aforesaid, which are leased upon conventionary rents for one pr more life or lives, or for some term of years determinable upon the death of one or more person or persons, and which are of the clear yearly value of four hundred pounds; and no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner under this act in any case in which he shall be interested, or in any manner, whilst he shall under this at hold ar.y office, except that of a commissioner, or whilst in his private capacity he shall be concerned in any contra agreement relative to the execution of this act, except lending money or buying annuities on the credit and for the purposes thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall acst as a commissioner under this act, not having the requisite qualification of estate or office, or being otherwise hereby disqualified from acting, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit one hundred pounds to the treasurer of the said of for the time being, to be applied for the purposes of this act, and to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and ip every action for recovery of such penalty, the proof of qualifica, tien to act as a commissioner shall lie on the person against whom the same is brought.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any five or more of them, shall meet for executing this act, for the first time, at the grand Jury room at Gloucester, on the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or as soon after as conveniently may be, of which first meeting at least eight days previous notice shall be given, by advertisement in some public newspaper circulating as aforesaid, signed by two acting justices of the peace for the said county of Gloucester; and the said of shall then, and at every subsequent meeting, adjourn themselves from time to time, and

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. 13

place tot place, as they, or any five or more of them present at any such meeting, shall think convenient, but no such adjournment shall be made for a longer time than seven calendar months; and if five of shall not attend at the time and place appointed for any such meeting, then the commissioners or commissioner present may make such adjournment; or if no such commissioner shall be present, or if at any meeting it shall be neglected to make an adjournment, then any three or more of may revive and continue the meetings of the said of, by calling one for that purpose, and causing notice to be given of it in some public newspaper circulating as aforesaid, at lead eight days before the day of meeting; and every such meeting, io to be called for the purpose of reviving and continuing the said meetings, shall be adjourned in the like manner; and all such adjournments, and the revivals and continuations of the said. meetings, shall be entered by the clerk to the said of in a book herein after directed to be kept; and the said of, or any five or more of them, shall have authority, as often as they shall, think fit, to call an extraordinary meeting, by a previous notice of at lead eight days, to be advertised in such newspaper -

aforesaid, specifying the time, place, and purpose of such meeting; and the said of shall at all their meetings pay their own expenses; and all orders of the of in executing the powers of this act shall be made at meetings to be he d as is before directed; and at every such meeting one of the of present shall be appointed chairman; and all questions and matters shall be determined by a majority of votes of the of present, and the chairman shall not only have a single vote, but, in case of equality of votes, shall have the decisive or cading vote; and all such of as are commission acting justices of the peace may act as such in matters arising ers being juf on this act, notwithstanding their being of, except

only in cases in which they shall be personally interested; and procee^ino.s all orders and proceedings at every meeting shall be entered in to ente^€c[ a book, to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said in books, of, and shall be signed by the chairman of the meeting; and such entries shall be deemed original orders and proceedings, and may be read in evidence in all courts whatsoever; and all such books of proceedings shall be lodged V ith the clerk to the said of for the time being, and shall and may. be perilled and inspected, at all seasonable times, by any person assessed to the poor's rate within the county of Gkucejier^ on payment to such clerk of one shilling for each time of inspection, and one shilling more for every hour during which such inspection shall continue after the fir hour; and when the comm if Disposal of, fion appointed by this act shall cease, in confjquence of the final such books, execution of all the powers hereby intruded to the said of, such books of proceedings shall be deposited with the clerk of the peace for the said county of gloucejlerr and be

n

subcommittees.

Commissioners mav appoint officers,

and allow them salaries.

Anno vicesimo quinto ge$r6ii III fc. td.

[17$$*

Ky hitft kept and pfeferved am'bhgft the records of the sessions, of the pea6e for thg said county,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any five or more of them, may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint one or more fub committee or fub committees, and every fab committee so appointed shall Superintend, regulate, and control such artificers, officers, and workmen, as shall be employed by the said of, and shall see to the due performance of such contracts and agreements as may be entered into for the purpose of carrying this acct into execution; and all orders and instru<stions signed by the majority of any such fub committee, provided they do not exceed the limits of the orders of the of at large, shall be binding on such artificers, officers, and workmen.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall and may appoint a treasurer, a clerk, a surveyor or surveyors, and such other officers, for executing the powers of this act, and take such security from them, as they the said of shall think, necessary, and shall, at their pleasure, remove any such officer or officers, and appoint others in the room of such as shall die or be so removed, and out of the moneys arising by this act pay such salaries and allowances as they shall think proper to their officers, and all others employed Under their authority; and all such clerks, treasurers, farveyors, and all other officers, who may at anytime resign or be removed, and the respective executors and administrators of any, who may die, shall, within three calendar months after notice given in writing, produce and deliver up to such of, or any one or more of them, all books, accounts, papers, or writings whatsoever, relative to the execution of fuciitespective offices, which shall be in their custody or power; and every such officer or perfoti as aforesaid, neglecting or refusing to deliver up such books, accounts, papers, or writings, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit any sum hot exceeding twenty pounds; and if any surveyor, appointed as hereby directed, shall have any part, share, or irtterect, directly or indirectly, in any contract or bargain for work or materials to be made, done, or provided, on account of any works under his inspection and management, or shall on his own account let to hire any team, or sell or dispose of any timber, (lone, or other materials, to be used or employed in performing or carrying on any such works, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds to the treasurer to the said of for the time being, to be recovered and applied in the manner and for the purposes aforesaid: provided always, That no treasurer shall at any time be appointed or removed, unless seven of at. the least be present, nor shall any clerk, surveyor, or other officer, be so appointed or removed, unless five of at the least be present at the time of such appointment or removal but public notice, of eight days at the least, shall be given, in some newspaper

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.

circulating as aforesaid, of the intention to proceed to the appointment of any treasurer or clerk; and no order of the said of, for the removal of any such treasurer or clerk,

shall have any effect, until it shall have been confirmed at a subsequent meeting of a like number of seven or five at lead, of the said of, as: the case may require, of which subsequent meeting a like.publick notice, of eight days at the least, shall be given as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said of commission may sue or be; sued in the name of their clerk, and that no era may sue action that may be brought or commenced by or against the ?nd be sued said of any^of them, by virtue of this act, ^of their clerk, the name of their clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such; clerk, or by the act of such clerk, without the consent of the said of, or any five or more of them; but the clerk to the said of for the time being shall always beideemed plaintiff or defendant in such action, as the case shall be.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of, For fixing on or any seven or more of them, shall, with all convenient speed, ground for after the passing of this act, fix upon such piece or pieces of houses of ground, within the city and county of Gloucester, or one ofcorredhon. them, for building thereon a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and a new house of correction, and also such pieces of ground, within the county of Gloucester for building thereon four other new houses of correction, as shall appear most commodiously situate; and in so fixing (half more particularly have regard to the airiness. and healthiness of the situation, the accommodation of water, the avoiding all ill sshells, and being overlooked, for that purpose to the keeping at a proper distance from the centre of any populous town; and yet being near enough: to some town for the purpose of accommodation and security, and also to the placing such new gaol and penitentiary house, and one of the said five houses of correction, as near to the county hall in the city of Gloucester as may be, confidently with the aforesaid directions, and to having the said four other houses of correction so distributed throughout the county of Gloucester, as shall appear to them most likely to correspond with the general convenience of the said county.

X. And, in order to prevent any precipitancy in fixing upon such pieces of ground for the said gaol, penitentiary kouse, and houses of corrections be it further enacted, That no order of the said com Such fixing missioners in that instance shall have any force till it shall have not valid till been confirmed; by the of, or any seven or more of fu^ure^meet them, present at a second meeting, to be held at lead four teen days from the day of making such order, of which second meeting, and the purpose thereof, eight days notice at lead shall be given by the clerk of the said of, by advertisement in such newspaper as aforesaid: always, That Reserving the nothing herein contained shall any ways affect or prejudice the hof the

rights Tewksbury.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. [1785.

rights and privileges of the bailiffs, burgesses, and commorrahy of the borough of fewfflury9 mthia the said county.

Comroiflion

XI. And be it farther enacted, That when and as soon as ers to pur such pieces of ground for such new' gaol, penitentiary house an new ^ou^e? eorrection, shall be so fixed upon, the said pr 6 - of, or any five or more of them are Hereby authorised to contra for the absolute purchase in see Ample of the said pieces of ground respectively, together with any houses or buildings thereon, or that shall be (landing within fifteen yards of the intended boundary wall, for the purpose of ere#ing the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and new houses of correction, and for obtaining a clear spaee of ground surrounding the same, in manner, and for the purposes herein after directed; and the pieces of ground, and houses or buildings, so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to the'custos rotulorum of the said county of Gloucester for the time being, and his successors, such custos rotulorum being hereby constituted a corporation foie in order for him and his successors to hold the said pieces of ground, and the intended hew erections and buildings thereon, in perpetual succession, for the purposes of this a $ any such lands, houses or buildings, as may be situate within the city of Gloucester, which shall be so purchased and conveyed as aforesaid, and which shall be enclosed within the boundary, wall of such new gaol, penitentiary house, and house of correction adjoining thereto, shall be deemed and taken to be part of the county of Gloucester*

All persons

XII. And be it further enacted, 'f'hat it shall be lawful for enabled to sell the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and and convey. for ass bodies corporate, and all feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, or other trustees whatsoever, for and on the behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, infants, issue unborn, lunatics, idiots femes covert, and cestuique trusts, and for all other persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized or possessed of or interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be fixed upon as aforesaid, to contra and agree with the said of, or any five or more of them, for the sale thereof, or for their interest therein, and to convey the same unto the custos rotulorum of the said county of Gloucester for the time being and his successors, as is herein before directed j and such contracts, agreements, and sales, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, any law, Statute, settleraent, or other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, and all such persons are hereby indemnified for making the same.

If parties do

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such bodies not agree, the corporate, trustee or trustees, or other person or persons in business refer terested in any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or red q ajury. here()jtaments^ Upon a notice of fourteen days from the said of, or any five or more of them, given or left in: writing

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 16. if

writing at the dwellrrig hoiufe of the chief officer belonging to / any such body corporate, or of any such person or persons as aforesaid, or at the house of the tenaur in posseflioq, shall not agree with the said commissioners, or any five or more of them for the sale of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or for their interest therein, or if, by reafori of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and iri every such case, the justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester, at their general or quarter sessions, or at any adjournment of the same, may and shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, to cause the same to be inquired into and settled by a jury, in the same manner, and under the same powers, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and determinations, as in and by an of the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, (entitled, An act to explain 24 Ged. and amend an act, made in the eleventh dnd twelfth years of the reign C 54* of King William the Third, entitled. An act to enable justices of the peace to build and repair gaols in their respective cdun^ties; and for other purposes therein mentioned)', are prescribed, given, and directed, for ascertaining the value of housesj buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges which Should be deemed necessary for the purposes of building or enlarging any gaol, and other the purposes of that ach

XIV. And whereas Gloucester cafle is the present gaol for the The see fini county of Gloucester, and the f'cite thereof, and part of the land he plof the longing thereto, may be deemed an eligible situation for the said new sent^aol istit gaol, and also for such penitentiary house, and one of such new housei is Majesty. of correction as aforesaid: and whereas his Mrjefy, in right of his crown, is seized of the see simple and inheritance of the said cajile, and the lands thereunto belonging; and Benjamin Hyett esquire, by Benjamin virtue of a grant of the office of constable of the cafae of Gloucester, Hyett esquire (made by his present Majesty to Nicholas Hyett, for three lives), the office hath, in right of his office, possession of the said castle, and lands of gonstable, thereunto belonging, except the pgrt lying'within the high wall iti and possession closing the court yard belonging to the said castle., which said part is, °fthe caftie by a covenant in the grant, directed to be de?nifed by lease, to be re ce^the^rt newed from time to time, for certain conf derations, to certain trustees, no nfecl for in trust for the said county; and which part has been, for a long time a gaol. pajl, and is now used for the couniy gaol: be it therefore enacted,

That, on application of the said of, or any five or His Majesty more of them, to his Majesty, or his heirs and successors, for grant, a grant of the see simple of such part of the castle, and so much his of the lands and buildings belonging thereto, as may be thought necessary for the purposes of building the said gaol, penitentiary fiouse, and one of the said houses of correction, with the courts and airing grounds suitable thereto, it shall be lawful for his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, to make a grant accordingly to the custos rotulorum of the said county for the time being, and his successors, as a corporation in perpetual succession, in trust for the purposes of this acts; and after such grant Mr. hyett's shall be made, the estate and interest of and in the said part of interest to be Vox. XXXV - C the purchasedh

i8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.

[178

the said castle, and lands and buildings, as aforesaid, now in the said Benjamin Hyett, in right of his said office, shall be purchased by the said of, or any five or more of them, under the powers herein before given to them; and such estate or interest, as is so subsisting in the aforesaid trustees for the use of the said county, shall, from the time of completing such purchase from the said Benjamin Hyett, absolutely cease and determine.

How land to

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all future rates, be purchased taxes, and levies, to be made for any parish or place in the shall be taxed county of gloy.ee/ier, within which any land or ground to be in uture. purchased for the purposes of this act shall be situate, such land or ground, with any building to be erected thereon, shall not be assessed to any such rates, taxes, and levies, at an higher value or more improved relit than the same land or ground was V at the time of such purchase; shall any building or buildings, which under this act shall be erected on such land, be assessed to any house or window tax; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to get

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commission materials for ers, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are building. hereby authorised to empower their agents or workmen to dig, take, and carry away, any soil, clay, sand, gravel, or stone, and to manufacture the same for the purpose of building, carrying on, finishing, and completing, all or any of the gaols, Houses of correction, or other buildings, hereby directed to be built, out of, upon, or from any common or waste land, river, or brook, without paying anything for the same, they causing all pits or quarries made by such digging and taking to be filled up, or raised and feneed, so as not to be dangerous to passengers or cattle; or, where there is not sufficient of such materials toj?e procured from any common or waste land, river, or brook, contiguous to any building carrying on under this act, the said of, or any five or more of them, are in like manner empowered to authorise their agents and workmen to search for, dig, take, manufacture, and carry away, any such materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the lands of any person or persons (not being ground built on, or a yard, garden, or park, or land improved as pleasure ground, previous to the time of passing this act), paying or tendering satisfaction for the same, as herein after directed; and if any person whosoever, not hereby authorised, shall take away any materials so dug or got in any lands, waste grounds, or rivers, or shall dig or take away any materials out of any pit or quarry made or opened for the above purpose, before the said agents or workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the spice of twenty-one days (except the owner or occupier of any private ground, or persons authorised by such owner or occupier, to get materials therein for his own private use only, and not for sale), every person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii the 10.. j

XVII. And, inasmuch as it is essential to the health'tness and venience of the said intended prisons? that they Should be constantly and uninterruptedly supplied with a current of fresh water? be it therefore further enabled. That it shall and maybe lawful to For obtaining and for the said of, or any five or more of them,

their agents and workmen, without any hindrance or interruption, to enter upon any lands adjoining or contiguous to any such intended gaol penitentiary"house, or house of correction, and there to search for any spring or (iream of water, and to make any cut, channel, drain, or watercourse, and dig, six, ot build any reservoir or other works, as may appear necessary for conducting any such spring or current of water into, and effectually draining or discharging the same out of, any such. new gaol, penitentiary house, or house of correction; and also to and for all other agents and workmen, being hereafter duly authorised to repair the said gaol, penitentiary house, or houses of correction, in like manner, from time to time, and as often as there shall be occasion, to enter into and upon any such lands or grounds, for the purpose of cleansing, scouring, repairing, or amending such cur, channel, drain, watercourse, reservoir or other works; and all and singular the cuts, channels, drains, watercourses, reservoirs, or other works, so to be made, shall be vested in the custos rotulorum of the county of Gloucester for the time being, and his successors, as a corporation foie, in trust for the purposes of this act, and shall be part of the said county of Gloucester: provided always, That no house used for habitation shall be deprived of the use of any spring or current of water from which it has usually been supplied, nor (half any field, having a watering place, be deprived thereof; and any person who shall wilfully close up, divert, or injure any such cut, channel, drain, watercourse, reservoir, or other works or disturb the water conveyed therein, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in respect of all da ftecoitipeiice mages that may accrue to any owners or occupiers of lands, or fr damage grounds, by getting materials as aforesaid, or by carrying water

on or over any fqch lands, or by digging or making any water 5 ' cotirfe, reservoir, drain, or other works, for conducting water as aforesaid, and also in respect of all and every other damage or damages arising.by reason or means of the execution of any of the powers herein contained, and which is or are not herein. specially provided for the said of, any five or more of them shall cause a reasonable satisfaction foi the same to b, e made, from time to time, within three calendar months after, such damage or damages shall happen, on application being made, by the respective landowners, or other persons aggrieved, for that purpose; and in case the said of, or their agents, and the said landowners, other persons aggrieved, cannot agree upon such satisfaction, or the said land qyyners, or other persons aggrieved, shall refute to treat or by

io Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

reason of absence shall be prevented from treating, or through difebility, nonage, coverture, or other impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such agreement as shall become necessary, then the said satisfaction shall be determined by the justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester y at their general or quarter sessions, on eight days notice of such appeal or application being given, by the party appealing, to the clerk to the said of; and the justices as aforesaid are hereby authorised to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and to Order the satisfaction so determined to be paid to the party or parties aggrieved, by the treasurer to the said of, and such determination of the justices shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case such treasurer shall neglect, for twenty-one days next after such order, to pay the satisfaction so determined, the party or parties aggrieved shall and may recover the amount thereof, by action of debt, against the said treasurer for the time being, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

Foot ways on

XIX. And be it enacted, That a space of five feet on the out the outside of side of the boundary wall of every prison to be built under this wans^3^ shall be considered as a public foot way for ever; and all

roads and ways leading to or surrounding the said gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, shall be considered as public highways, and shall from time to time be repaired as such.

XX. And for the more effectually securing a free circulation of pure and wholesome air, and thereby preventing the gaol fever, and for securing other malignant diseases, be it further enacted, That, from and a free circula after the time that any ground shall be determined on and set lion o air. out for any gao penitentiary house, or houses of correction, hereby directed to be built, no person shall erect any house or building, pur, or pile, or setup any pole, timber, earth, dung, hay, draw, wood, rubbish, or other thing (otherwise than for a fence, which shall not exceed five feet in height), or keep any swine, nearer to the boundary wall of such gaol, penitentiary house, or house of correction, than fifteen yards; and every person offending in any such case, and continuing such offence for the space of ten days after notice to di (continue the same, or to remove the cause thereof, shall forfeit 'a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty Shillings; the cause of such offence shall be removed by the order of any two justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester, and the often fender shall forfeit and pay, over and above the said penalty hereby directed, the charges and expenses of such removal; and if any tree shall at any time be growing, (landing, or extending within such distance, the same shall be cut down by the occupier or occupiers of the land whereon The same shall be, on notice given to him or them by the clerk of the peace, for the county of Gloucester; and in case such tree shall not be cut down within ten days after such notice, the justices of the peace

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. icu 21

for the said county, at their general or quarter sessions, may order such tree to be cut down and sold, for the purposes of this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said commission For building ers, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are a northwest Saoh hereby required, with all convenient speed, after purchasing house "and such pieces of land, and houses or buildings as aforesaid, to ather'honfes cause to be built and erected, on one of the said pieces of land, of correction a new gaol, with a penitentiary house, for the reception of such

convicts and offenders as are herein after described, and also one of the said new houses of correction, so that the same new gaol, penitentiary house, and house of correction, may be contiguous to each other, and be surrounded by an outside wall detached therefrom; and on the remaining pieces of land so purchased as aforesaid, four other new houses of correction $ and also to cause the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, to be fitted up and furnifiled in a complete and effectual manner for the reception of prisoners, as to them the said of, or any five or more of them, shall feern best adapted to answer the purposes of this act, according to the several uses for which the same are hereby respectively appointed; for doing of all which (subject to the directions herein after particularly given) the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make such contracts, and to employ such artificers, workmen, labourers, and others, and

to do all such other things as shall in their discretion appear requisite in the premises, and particularly to pull down the houses or buildings so purchased as aforesaid, and sell or dispose of the materials thereof, as shall be most advantageous for the purposes of this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in settling and act for regulat justing the plan for the building tuch new gaol, and the yards, ing the plan courts, and outlets thereof, the of are hereby re and adjusting

quired to have particular regard to the following provisions; the several 6 (that is to say). That the wards and apartments of the said wards in the gaol be so constructed as to allow of a reparation, both by night nev and day, of male from female prisoners and of debtors and persons in custody for want of sureties, or on exchequer process, or for fines, contempts, or pecuniary penalties, where there can be no corporal punishment, from persons in custody fqr felonies or other crimes; that there be a convenient number of separate and distinct night cells for felons; and apartments adapted to solitude, and a greater degree of constraint, for the temporary reception of refractory prisoners and a separate place of confinement for such prisoners as are intended to be examined as witnesses on behalf of any prosecution of any indictment for felony; and also a plain and decent room as a chapel for divine service.; nd two or more apartments as an infirmary for sick prisoners, in conformity to the Statute of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for preserving the 4 Geo. health? of prisoners in gaol and preventing the gaol distemper); together

jc glen

corifi ruling the houses of correction.

aa Geo. 3. c. 64.

34 Geo. 3.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

with such baths as are required by the said act; that there be also provided convenient apartments or places for the use of such prisoners as shall be directed, or may be willing to work for their maintenance whilst in custody; and further, that N sufficient offices and apartments be set apart for the occupation'of the gaoler, his family, and assistants; and proper and distinct airing grounds for the use of each class of prisoners and, in order as far as may be to prevent the introduction of infectious disease, that there be provided a lazarette, or ward with separate cells, for the immediate reception of prisoners on their commitment, previously to examination by the surgeon or apothecary; and in or near such ward provision shall be made for washing such prisoners and for purifying their clothes.

directiors for

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the construction of the said five new houses of correction, the said of shall observe the several directions prescribed, as well by an act of the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty; (entitled. An act for the amending and rendering more effectual the law inbeing relative to ho uses of correction), as by an act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, to explain and amend the said act of the twenty second year of his feign, in respect to such houses of correction as shall be built under the same acts; and, as an addition to the apartments and places thereby required, provision shall be made, as far as conveniently may be, for separately lodging and keeping each individual prisoner; apartments of a greater degree of restraint shall also be provided for the punishment of the refractory, who, under the said two last mentioned acts, may be ordered to closer confinement; a room shall be set apart as a chapel for the per fprmance of divine service; proper places for the reception of the sick; a bath, and a close room for purifying infected clothes; and in the arranging the apartments for the governor, there shall be provided a room convenient for the meeting of the visiting justices, or of such other justices of the peace as may be inclined to hold any petty' sessions therein.

Directions for

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in the coqftrudion constructing of tfle said new penitentiary house, the following directions (lialj be particularly attended to by the said of; (that is to say), Mt shall be formed into two general divisions, one for the confinement of male, the other of female convids, and of such dimensions as shall appear sufficient for the reception of each class of prisoners hereby intended to be confined in it; and such general divisions shall be farther subdivided into diflind cells for each individual, with apartments for labour, and airing grounds, so disposed as shall appear bell adapted to promote the purposes of punishment by folituae and labour; and there shall be a bath, infirmary, and chapel, particularly appropriated to the use of the said penitentiary house, or to which the prisoners therein confined can have all necessary access.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all timber, (lone, jmd brick, and other material to be prac!e use of*. or which the penitentiary house.

Materials vested in the

commission.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.

shall be collected to be made use of, by order of the said of, or any five or more of them, for building and completing any gaol, penitentiary house, house of correction, or other building or work carrying on for the purposes of this act, and which may not be the immediate property of their agents and contractors, shall be vested in the said of, and they, or any five of more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of their clerk, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any bill or bills of indictment, against any person or persons who shall (teal, take away, or damage any such materials, or disturb them in the possession thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or For punishing»persons shall wilfully and maliciously obstruct the erecting, £erfs?8 ob" building, or repairing any gaol, house of correction, boundary damaging wall thereof, or other building hereby directed to be built, buildings, cor wilfully or maliciously pull down, damage, or destroy the same, or any part thereof, every person so offending, and being lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases of felony, and the court by and before whom any such person shall be tried and convicted shall have power and authority to cause such person to be punished in like manner as felons are directed to be punished by the laws and Statutes of this realm.

XXVII. And whereas, in case of building the said new gaol on the fcite of the present gaol for the county of Gloucester, it may be necessary to provide a temporary gaol for the said county; be it For providing the refore further enacted, That in such case it shall and may be aatejm^f lawful for the sheriff of the said county to remove the prisoners ceila'ry.^in the said present gaol to such house or houses of correction,

or other places of confinement, within the same county, as the justices of the peace for the same county shall, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, appoint, which house or houses of correction, or other proper place of confinement, shall be deemed the common gaol for the said county, until the said new gaol be built, and the prisoners in the custody of the sheriff therein shall be removed therefrom, under the directions herein after given for that purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Prisoners to new gaol shall be finished, it shall be the common gaol for the be [h^new* county of Gloucester, and shall from time to time be repaired

and supported by the same ways and means as county gaols in B England are by law to be repaired and supported, and the sheriff of the said county for the time being shall have the keeping thereof; and when the said new gaol shall be fit for the reception of prisoners, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall cause notice thereof to be given to the sheriff of the said county, who shall with all convenient speed remove to such new.gap! all fuel) prisoners as shall be in his custody, which Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an escape.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon

C 4 a

u

justices power ver the new houses' of correction.

Geo. a.

G^J.

Justices may appoint a surgeon and apothecary.

Penitentiary house to be tinder management of the justices;

L r.

- Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

as the said five new houses of correction shall severally and reflectively be completely erected and built, they shall fie fitted up and furniftied, by order of the said commissioness, pr any five or more of them, as houses of correction are directed to be? by an act passed in the seventeenth year of his late majesty King George the Second (entitled. An act to amend and make morh effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of cor re diion;,) and so soon as such houses of correction, or any of them respectively, shall be fit for the reception of offenders, the justices of the peace for the pounty of Gloucester shall have the like power and authority over the same respectively, as they have, by virtue of any law now in force, over those already erected or provided within the same county; and the said justices, at their first general or quarter sessions after each of the said new houses of correction shall be so completely erected and furniftied, shall frame a body of orders and regulations for governing and regulating the same respectively, and for employing, relieying, and punishing the persons therein, according to the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned act, and shall then declare the same respectively to be fit for the reception of offenders, and shall make such prder for using the same accordingly, and for transferring offenders from the present houses of correction, as the successive completion of the said new houses of correction shall make proper, and the nature of the case shall require; and when all the said new houses of correction shall be completed, the old houses of correction for the said county shall no longer be used as such; and all the said new houses of correction shall, from the time of their being first used as such, together with the buildings, aqueducts, easements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, be repaired and supported in the same martner as houses of correction ought to be by the laws &qd Statutes of the realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sessions for the said county of Gloucester, may, if they think fit, appoint an experienced surgeon or apothecary to attend the said penitentiary house, and each of such new houses of correction, at a stated salary, and may remove him, or vary his salary, from time to time; and every surgeon or apothecary so appointed, shall and is hereby directed to report to the said justices, at every general of quarter sessions, a state of the health of the prisoners under his care.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the said penitentiary

house for the county oigloucester shall, under the powers aforesaid, be erected and fitted up, so as to be ready for the reception of offenders, it shall be under the care and management of the justices of the peace of the said county for the tithe being, and shall from time to time be maintained, supported, and repaired by such ways apd means, and in such manner, as fioufes of correction n this fiihgdofti^sire by law directed to be; gnd a fotm af proper officers*with fof^the

i£-.85»3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. 25

government of the same, shall be appointed and made by the Justices of the peace for the said county, at their general or quarter sessions, under the powers herein after given them, the clerk of the peace for the said county shall, by order of the said justices, make certificate thereof to the justices of assize at the next ensuing assizes for the said county, or as soon after as conveniently may be; 'and from the time of receiving such certificate by inch justices of affile, the said penitentiary house shall be made use of as a penitentiary house for the county of Glou*- eester, for the reception and custody of such offenders as are herein after mentioned; (that is to say), where any person hath been or shall be, at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any assize, or any general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, of Gloucester, lawfully convicted of any crime or offence, for which he or she shall, by virtue of any Statute now in force, or hereafter to be, made, be liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour within any gaol, house of correction, or other proper place, within the said county, or where any such imprisonment and labour shall at any time be legally ordered as a condition of his majesty's royal mercy extended to any capital or transportable convieff, it shall be lawful for the court before which any such person shall be so convicted, or any court held for the said county, with like authority, or in the case of any offender who shall be so allowed the benefit of a conditional pardon, if no such court shall be sitting, for any judge or justice of the court by or before whom such offender shall have been convicted, to order and adjudge that such person shall be punished by being imprisoned and kept to hard labour in the said penitentiary house, for any term not exceeding the term for which such person was liable to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour in any gaol, house of correction, or other proper place, within the said county of Gloucester.

XXXII. And whereas difficulties frequently occur, which delay the carrying into execution sentences and orders of transportation of convicts to places beyond the feus, from whence great inconveniences arise to the said county of Gloucester, be it therefore further In what case enacted, That when and as soon as, and at any time after such transportable certificate shall be made by the clerk of the peace for the said Persons a county as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the sheriff or gaoler to the peni for the said county, having custody of any offender remaining tentiary 'under sentence of transportation beyond the seas, to cause every house. such offender to be conveyed to the said penitentiary house, there to remain until he or she be transported, or otherwise removed, according to law, or until he or she, by thb expiration of the term of such transportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his or her liberty; and the governor of the said penitentiary house shall have the custody of every such offender < during his or her confinement therein, and every, such offender shall be subjectt to the discipline, regulations, and restrictions herein after provided, br directed to be provided, for employing? governing, smd freeing pffeqders therein confined:

26 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That the time during which such offender shall so continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be reckoned in, discharge, or part of discharge, or satisfaction, of the term of his or her transportation.

A proportion

XXXIII. Provided always, That notwithstanding a peniten ma°^be sent*ary ^ou^e ls by this act provided for the county of Gloucester, to the national here shall Or may be sent from the same county, to the national penitentiary penitentiary houses to be erected under the said act of the nine house. teenth year of his present Majesty, or to any other place of reception

for transportable or other convicts, that may hereafter be provided in lieu thereof, the same proportion of offenders, in respect of the circuit to which the said county belongs, as if this act had not been made.

How offend

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any offen ^harctlabour era adjudged to be kept to hard labour in the said peniall be con te&tiary house for the county of Gloucester, the clerk of assize, veyed to the or other clerk of the court in which such offender shall be con penitentiary vided, shall give to the sheriff or gaoler having the custody of house. such offender, a certificate in writing, containing an account of the christian name, surname, and age, of such offender, of his or her offence, of the court before, which he or she was convicted, and of the term for which he or she shall be so ordered to hard labour; and such sheriff or gaoler shall forthwith, after receiving such certificate, convey such offender to the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester, and shall deliver him or her, together with such certificate, to the governor of the said penitentiary house, to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned; and in case the office of governor of the said penitentiary house shall happen to be distinct and separate from the office of gaoler, every such governor, or the person or persons acting for him, shall, under his or their hand or hands, give a K proper receipt in writing to such sheriff or gaoler, which shall be his sufficient discharge; and such governor shall transmit such certificate to the clerk of the peace for the said county of, Gloucester, who shall file or preserve it with the records of the sessions.

XXXV. And, for defraying the expence'of building the said new gaol penitentiary house, and houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and of otherwise carrying this act into execution, be it County rates further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said commis edtfotthe* fi°?ers>.at any meet^ng at which seven at lead shall be present, fxpencetof 6 rom r*me to t, neto borrow and take up, on mortgage of the the ad; county rates for the county of Gloucester, by instruments in the form contained in the schedule. hereunto annexed, such sum or sums of money as to them shall appear necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid, at legal or lower interest, in separate and specific sums, not exceeding one hundred pounds each, and to take and receive any part of the.sum or sums of money, raised by^an "fp Appearing necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid, unities*any person or persons willing q pgy pr advance the same,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. cio, 27

upon annuities for any term of years, not exceeding twenty-five years, or for the life of the purchaser, and thereupon to charge the said county rates for the county of Gloucester, with such annuities, by instruments in the form also contained in the said schedule; and every such mortgage for the securing the payment of any principal money and interest, and every fitch charge for securing the i payment of any such annuity, shall be signed by the chairman, and three others at least of the said of, at a meeting held under this at; and all such mortgages and charges, or securities, shall be clear of all fees and expenses from the person so advancing the money, and copies thereof shall be entered in a book or books to be kept by the clerk to the said of; and all persons to whom such Securities mortgages and charges, or securities, shall be given, are hereby JP3?^af" impower^d, by indorsing their respective names on the backlgne thereof, as in the case of promissory notes without stamps, or by writing or writings executed under his or their hand and seal, 'to transfer, or bargain, fell, and assign the same, 2nd his, her, or their right to the principal money and interest, or annuity or annuities, thereby secured, to any person or persons whomsoever; who shall thereupon be entitled to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and he, she, or they may, in like manner, transfer, or bargain, fell, and allign again, and so toties quoties; and all and every person or persons, to whom such mortgages and charges, or securities, or transfers or assignments thereof, shall be made, shall be creditors on the said county rates for the county of Gloucester, equally one with another, without any regard to priority of date of any such mortgage, charge, or security; but no annuity or annuities dial] be granted for the life of any one person, for any sum exceeding one hundred pounds per annum; and all transfers, sales, and assignments of annuities, shall (previous to any subsequent demand of payment in respect of the same) be notified to the said clerk, who shall cause an entry to be made, specifying the date thereof, and parties thereto, in the book or books containing the original entry of the security, and shall be paid for each such entry one shilling and sixpence, and no more; and which said book or books may, at all seasonable times, be perused and inspected by the creditors on the said rates, without fee or reward.

XXXVI. Provided always, That the said of shall Notice to be not proceed to treat and agree for any annuity or annuities as $iven of in aforesaid, until public adv|rtisement, containing the terms f trantannui? their proposals, and time of treating and agreeing for the same, es. shall have been inserted in some public newspaper circulating as aforesaid, at least fourteen days before such time of treating; and all such agreements shall be made in, open committee, to which all contributors to the county rates shall have free access, and the best bidder for every annuity shall be accepted as purchaser thereof; but nq apnuity foi twenty-five years shall be

28 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

granted for less than thirteen years purchase, and foin proportion for any annuity for a lesser number of years.

XXXVII. 'Andy in order effectually to secure the regular and punctual discharge ojjhe intereji on the principal sums so to he borrowed on mortgage, and the growing payment of the said annuities, and further io provide for the paying off of such principal fumsy be

Money to dif it further enacted, That the said of, or any five or charge inte more of them, may and shall, in every year after the passing of sge^and^o Mis act, Ml the whole of the principal sums herein before an pay annuities, thorised to be borrowed shall have been repaid, with all interest to be taken for the same, receive the sum of two thousand pounds out of out of county the county rates for the said county of gloucejlery for which rates purpose they shall in every year make one or more order or orders

upon the treasurer of the said county, for payment of the said sum of two thousand pounds, either in one entire sum, or in parcels to the treasurer of the said of; and the treasurer of the said county shall accordingly pay such sum or sums, in conformity to the said order or orders, or as soon after as his receipts from the said county rate shall enable him; and the justices of the peace for the said county shall, from time to time, at their general or quarter sessions, make such provision for augmenting the said county rate as the additional annual charge thereon, created by this act, shall require: and, in order to facilitate the payment of the interest on the said principal sums so to be borrowed, and of the said annuities, the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to appoint a day or days in each year on which the interest of the said principal moneys, and the growing payments of the said annuities, as they shall respectively become due, shall from time to time be discharged, at the office of their treasurer, and which he is to pay accordingly, without fee; and the said of, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within ten days previous to some one such day of payment in every year, to adjust and settle all books of account relative to the trust, in such manner that it may easily be seen what principal sums have been discharged, and what annuities or interest shall be growing due, and thereupon to make order for the regular discharge of the same; and the said books, when so adjusted and settled, shall be signed by the said of, or any three or more of them, present at such meeting, and shall be kept by the clerk to the said of, and at'all convenient leafons be open to the inspection of all persons

being creditors on the said county ate, or afiefled to the poors rates within the county of Gloucester, they paying to such clerk such fee for inspe.csting the same, as is herein before directed to be paid him for the inspection of the books of proceedings of the said of.

XXXVIII. And whereas it is intended that all the said mortgagee - cr securities for the payment of any principal money shall be liable ta

be discharged by the gradual operation of a ftnking fund without an31

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.' 29

partiality or preference; be it therefore enacted, That as (bon Mode for dif as the said new gaol and penitentiary house, and new houses of charging correction, shall be completed, and before any money shall he mortgages, applied in discharge of any such mortgages as herein after directed, the said of, or any live or more of them, shall appoint a general meeting of commissioners of which fourteen days notice shall be given in some newspaper circulating as aforesaid, and to which all mortgages under this act shall be admitted; and all the said mortgages shall then and there be drawn by lot, by order of the of present, and numbered according to the event of such drawing; and the mortgages so drawn and numbered shall be regularly discharged in succession, according to priority of number.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said annual Application of furn of two thousand pounds to be raised out of the said rate for he annual the county of Gloucester, shall, by order of the said commission raj?e(j°&c ers, or any five or more of them, from time to time be applied*in manner following; (that is to say), a sufficient part thereof shall in the first place be applied in paying all charges and expenses incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Expense of act, and in the next place in keeping down the interest of the passing this said principal furps so to be borrowed, and in paying the annul k; pinedowq ties so to be granted in manner aforesaid, and the surplus shall the interest, be applied in discharging the expenses of creeling, sitting up, and paying and furnishing the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and new the annuities; houses of correction for the said county; and when such last "aot&c -

mentioned expenses shall be entirely discharged, then such fur surplus for a'plus shall be applied as a sinking fund, for the gradual discharge sinking fund, of the principal sums borrowed as aforesaid.

XL. And for establishing and enforcing a proper police within the said new gaol for the county of Gloucester, be it further enacted,

That before the opening of the said new gaol for the reception forestablish of prisoners, a body of rules, orders, and regulations, as bye !n*ce laws for the government of the said new gaol, and of the prie new foners to be therein confined, shall be framed, made, and confirmed, by such persons, and in such manner, as is appointed. for county gaols in general by a Statute of the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for 34 Geo. relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act to make discovery of and deliver upon oath, their efates for their creditors benefit; and in the same rules, orders, and regulations, proper and particular directions shall be given for effectuating such separation and classing of prisoners as is hereinbefore directed in appointing how the same gaol shall be con 'itructed, with such further separation and classing as shall be thought requisite, and also as well for enforcing amongst the prisoners, cleanliness, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as for securing a just and humane treatment of them by the gaoler and his servants; and all directions contained

19 Car. arc. 4* recited.

Prisoners in the gaol may be set to woi; k

Recital of an a 14 Eli 2.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [*7$5*

in the said act, respecting such rules and orders, shall be exactly conformed to.

XLI. And whereas, by an act of the nineteenth year of King Charles the Second? entitled. An act for relief of poor prisoners and setting them on work after reciting that there was not any sufficient provision made for the relief and setting on work of poor and needy persons committed to the common gaol for felony and other misdemeanours, who many times perish before their trial, and the poor there living idly and unemployed, become debauched, and come forth instructed in the practice of thievery and lewdriefs, it is enabled, That the jujhces of the peace, in their respective counties, at any their general sessions, if they shall find it needful so to do, may provide a stock of such materials as they find convenient for the setting poor prisoners on work, in such manner and by such ways as other county charges may be levied and raised, and to pay and provide fit persons to over/ee and set such prisoners on work, and make such orders, for accounts of and concerning the premises, as J, hall by them be thought needful, and for punishment of neglects and other abuses, and for be jloiving of the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners seton work for their relief, which fall be dulyj observed \ and may alter, reyoke, or amend such their orders from time to time, provided that no parish be rated above sixpence by the week towards the premises, having respect to the respective values of the several parishes: and whereas the provision of the said recited Statute is very fit to be executed with respect to such prisoners therein describea, as shall be confined in the said new gaol for the county of Gloucester, with an extension thereof to all other prisoners inclined to take the benefit thereof, and also an increase of the sum limited by the said act, for defraying the expense of executing the same; be it therefore enacted, That the justices of the peace for the said county of Gloucester shall have authority to execute the said recited provision in the said last mentioned al, for setting poor persons on work, as well in regard to such persons as are therein described, as in favour of all other prisoners within the said new gaol, who may at any time be inclined' and willing to work, and for that purpose are hereby authorised, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direct the payment of such sums of money, out of the county rate for the said county, as they shall from time to time think fit to be expended in executing the provision of the said last mentioned act, according to the extension thereof, hereby made.

XLII. And whereas, by an act of the fourteenth year of ^ueen Elizabeth, entitled. An act how vagabonds shall be punished, and the poor relieved, as also by the abovementioned act of the thirty second year of King George the Second, some provision is made for the relief of prisoners, but, notwithstanding the humane purposes thereby intended, the health of prisoners is frequently fa affected, by want of necessdry food, as to render them incapable of labour when released; and therefore it may be expedient to have a new and more extensive provision in favour of such poor prisoners as shall be confined. in the said gaol for the county of Gloucester, and have not any means

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. 31

of acquiring necessary fuftehance\ be it therefore enacted, That, Justices may from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the ?rder food justices of the peace for the said county oigloucester, at their necessa^for general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, from supportof time to time to order such sum or sums of money to be paid health, out of the county rate of the said county, towards assisting such. prisoners of every description, as, being confined within the said gaol, are not able to work, or being able, cannot procure employment sufficient to sustain themselves' by their industry, or who may not be otherwise provided for by virtue of any law or Statute, or of any custom or order, such food and raiment as the said justices shall from time to time think necessary for the support of health, and such money shall accordingly be applied in conformity to directions to be given by the said justices.

XLIII. Andy for regulating the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester, settling the government and police thereof \ be it further enacted, That previously to the opening of the fr regulat said penitentiary house for the reception of offenders, the justices in Peni of the peace for the said county shall, at one or more general house "and pr quarter sessions for the said county (at which seven at lead police thereof shall be present), appoint a governor or task master of the said penitentiary house, and such other officers, and with such salaries and allowances for the said governor and other officers, as they the said justices shall deem necessary; and afterwards the justices of the peace for the said county shall from time to time have power, at their general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, to appoint and remove the governor and other officers of the said penitentiary house, and to appoint others in their (lead, and to increase or diminifti the number of the officers, exclusive of the governor, and also to alter the salaries and allowances of such governor and other officers, as the said justices shall from time to time find convenient; and in fixing the salary and allowance of such governor or task master, the justices shall have regard, so far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in such penitentiary house, that it may become the interest as well as duty of such governor or task master to see that all persons under his custody be regularly and profitably employed; and further, fudh governor and other officers shall give such security for the performance of their respective duties, as the said justices from time to time, at any such general or quarter sessions, shall appoint; and such governor and other officers, for any negligence or mkbehaviour in their respective offices, may either be proceeded against on the security lb to be given, or shall be fineable by the justices of the peace for the said county, at any general or quarter sessions, in the same manr ner as the governor of any house of correction is fineable, by justices of the peace, by an act passed in the fevemh year of King James the First, entitled, An act for the due execution of 7 Jac. 1. C 4i diverts laws. and jlatuus heretofore made against rogues, vagabonds,

'3i

Justices to make byelaws and orders respecting the penitentiary house.

19 Geo. 3. c. 74.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10'.

[1785.

and sturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons, or by the aforesaid act of the seventeenth year of King George the Second; and if any governor of any penitentiary house, being removed by any order of the said justices at their general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall refuse or neglect to quit the possession of the said penitentiary house, for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace for the county of Gloucester, any two or more justices of the peace for the said county, upon proof before them of such order of removal, such notjee thereof, and such neglect or refusal to comply with the same, may, by warrant under their hands and teals, direct the sheriff of the said county to remove such governor out of the said penitentiary house, and the (beriff shall accordingly clear the possession thereof in like manner as upon a writ of Habere Facias Possesstonem.

XLIVY And be it further enacted, That, previous to the opening of the said penitentiary house for the reception of offenders, the justices of the peace for the said county of glou cester shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, at some general or quarter sessions for the said county, to make such bylaws, rules, and orders, for receiving, separating classing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reform ing, governing, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, during their respective confinement in the^aid penitentiary house, and also for adjusting what aid shall be given to them, as well during such confinement as on their being released, as to the said justices shall seem most fit and proper; but no such bylaws, rules, and orders, shall be made at any such sessions, unless seven justices at least shall be present; and in making such bylaws, rules, and orders, the said justices shall have regard to the discipline, provisions, and directions, contained in the aforesaid at of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders concerning the two national penitentiary houses therein mentioned, as nearly as to the said justices shall appear to be con liftent with the more limited design of the penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester; and further, such bylaws, rules, and orders, so to be made as aforesaid, shall not begin to have force till they have been submitted to the justices of assize, at the assizes which shall beholden for the said county next after the making of such bylaws, rules, and orders, or at some subsequent assizes, and the said justices of assize shall have subscribed a declaration, that they do not see anything contrary to law in the said bylaws, rules, and orders, so to be made as aforesaid, and all such bylaws, rules, and orders, shall be afterwards added to or altered, from time to time, as often as the said justices of the peace for the said county, at any general or quarter sessions (at which seven at least shall be present) shall think necessary, and such additions or alterations shall also in like manner be submitted to the justices of assize, at any assizes

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. id. 33

for the said county, in manner aforesaid; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be xonftrued to extend, to deprive any convict confined in the said new gaol or penitentiary house of the benefit of any weekly or other allowance which has usually been or hereafter maybe granted or made by virtue of any law Statute, custom, or order for the purpose of maintaining and supporting convicted prisoners; provided only, that the application of all and every such allowance shall be subject to such limitations and restrictions as may be contained in the bye laws rules, and orders, herein directed to be made for the government and police of the said gaol and penitentiary house.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the governor of the Powers of the said new penitentiary Ivouse, and his affiftarits, shall have the governor of same powers over the offenders to be confined therein as are in tiary house

to the office of a sheriff, or of a gaoler, and in like man*

be answerable for the escape of any offender within his custody; and moreover the said governor shall have power to hear complaints, add examine any persons touching offences and determine and punish the same (except by whipping) in such and the same manner as the governor of each penitentiary house directed to be built by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, is by the same ad empowered to do; and in case of the repetition of such offences, or in case of offences more enormous which the said governor of the said new penitentiary house is not by this act empowered to punish, the said governor shall report the same to the visiting justices of the said penitentiary house, or one of them for the time being to be appointed as herein after is directed; and such justices, or one of them shall have power to inquire upon oath and de rermine concerning all such offences so reported to them and shall order such offenders to be punished in such and the same manner as the committee appointed by the said last mentioned act are thereby empowered to do respecting offenders and offences in each of the penitentiary houses thereby directed to be built; and if any person ordered to hard labour in the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester shall, at any time during the term for which he or she shall be so ordered break prison, or shall escape from the said penitentiary house, or in the conveyance to the same or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender; or if any person shall refeue any offender, who by force of this act shall be ordered to hard labour in the said penitentiary house for the county of

Gloucester, either during his or her conveyance thereto or whilst such offender shall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or she shall be confined; or if any person shall be aiding or assisting in any such refeue; or if any person, having such custody as an assistant, shall, voluntarily or negligently permit such offender to escape; or if any person shall, by supplying arms, tools, instruments, or means of disguise, or otherwise in any manner aid or assist any such offender

Provifrons of Ad 19 Geo. 3. relating to escapes, C to be extended to the penitentiary house.

Expenses of the penitentiary house to be paid out of the county rate.

In dices to be appointed to insped the gaol, Sec.;

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

in any escape, or in any attempt to make an escape, though no escape be actually made; every such offence as aforesaid shall be pcmished in the same manner as the like offence would be punishable under the before mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, directing two national penitentiary houses to be built, if such had been committed by or in respect to any person ordered to hard labour in either of the said two penitentiary houses therein mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the provision.made in and by the said ast of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for carrying on. prosecutions for escapes, attempts to escape, breaches of prison, and refeues, in the case of persons adjudged to either of the said penitentiary houses thereby directed to be built shall extend and be applied to any prosecution for any escape, attempt to escape, breach of prison, or refeue, in the case of any person who, under this act, shall be adjudged to the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, and at all times after first opening the said penitentiary house for the county of Gloucester for the reception of offenders, the expences of repairing the same, with the buildings, easements, and appurtenances thereto belonging, and of providing proper implements, with (lock of materials for work, to be used there in, and the salaries and allowances to the governor and other officers thereof, together with the aid, adjusted as aforesaid, to be given to prisoners, as well during their confinement, as on their being released, and all other charges and expences necessary for supporting the said penitentiary house, in conformity to the directions and intent of this act, shall be paid out of the county rate, by the treasurer of the county of Gloucester, and the justices of the peace for the said county shall, from time to time, make provision for the same out of the county rate; and the said penitentiary house shall, in all other respects not herein particularly provided for, be considered as a house of correction for the county of Gloucester, and be subject to the various Statutes and provisions made and now in force, for the managing, regulating, and repairing houses of correction*

XLVIII And, for better preventing all abuses, as well in the said new penitentiary house as in the said new gaol, and new houses of correction, for the said county of Gloucester, the justices of the peace shall, at every Michaelmas general or quarter session 5 which shall be held for the said county, after the beginning to receive offenders in the said gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, respectively appoint two or more justices visitors of the said new gaol and penitentiary house, and of the said house of correction contiguous thereto, and also two or more other justices visitors for each of the said four other houses of correction; and such visiting justices, so respectively appointed, shall, either together or singly, personally visit and insped each such prison at least three times in each quarter of a year, and oftener if occasion shall require, and shall examine

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. g. iq. .3$

Into the state of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the respective officers, and the treatment and condition of the prisoners the amount of their earnings, and the expenses attending each prison respectively, and in matters of pressing necessity, and within the powers of their commission as justices, shall take cognizance therein, and proceed to regulate and redress the same $ and at every general or quarter sessions of the peace, the and report to laid visiting justices respectively shall make a report in writing the sessions' of the state and condition of the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and new houses of correction, and of all abuses which may occur to their observation therein \ and the chairman of the said sessions is hereby required to call upon the said visitors for such report 3 and further, it shall be lawful for every justice of the peace for the said county, of his own accord, and without being appointed a visitor, to enter into the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, respectively, and to examine the same, at such time or times, and as often as he shall think sir, and if be shall discover any abuses therein, he is hereby required to report them in writing at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held ior the said county; and when and as often as report of any abuses in the said gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, or either of them, shall be made by the said visiting justices, or, either of them, or by any other justice of the peace for the said county, the abuses so reported shall be taken into immediate consideration by the justices of the peace for the said county, at the general or quarter sessions at which such report shall be made, and they are hereby required to adopt the most effectual measures for inquiring into and rectifying such abuses as soon as the nature of the case will allow.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no keeper of the Keepers or said new gaol, or governor of the said penitentiary house, nor governors not any person or persons in trust for or employed by such keeper or governor, or who shall have any office or employment as tentiar^ assistant, or otherwise, under such keeper or governor, shall fell, house. or be capable of being licensed to sell, or have any benefit or advantage whatsoever, directly or indirectly, from the sale of any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors/used in such gaol or penitentiary house; and every person offending therein shall, on complaint made on oath, and conviction before one justice of the peace, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

*- L And whereas a considerable part of the emolument of gaoler or keeper of the gaol for the county of Gloucester has usually arisen from fees paid to him by debtors and other persons confined therein, and from incidental charges made by him on the county rate, on the dif mission ofprisoners, and on the removal of tran [ports, and, by reason qfneglect in regulating the said fees, as directed by the aforesaid ail if the thirty second year of King George the Second, they are become'ipprejfive and burdensome to poor prisoners and such charges on the xouniy rate are liable to frequent abuse; be it therefore enacted, justice9 to That the justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester, af settle a table

Da sembled of fe€s*

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

sembled at their general or quarter sessions, or at some special adjournment thereof, held for such express purpose, shall, and they are hereby required, within one year after the reception of prisoners in the said new gap], to regulate and settle a table of fees and rates to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of the said gaol; and the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to alter, vary, or totally disallow of all or any such charges and sees, and to order a copy of the table of fees, so regulated, to be hung up in the court of assize and quarter sessions for the said county, and another copy thereof to be transmitted to the said gaoler or keeper, who shall cause the same to be hung up in some conspicuous place within the said gaol; and all orders and directions contained in the said last mentioned al, respefitng the table of fees and rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of prisons, shall be conformed to as if the same were herein particularly enacted and repeated; and, by way of recompense for any diminution of emolument in the office of gaoler or keeper of the said new gaol, by means of any such regulation of fees, or by the disallowing any such charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of ail or any part of the profits and emoluments that have usually arisen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby further authorised and empowered to grant such fa ries and allowances to the said gaoler or keeper, and to his assistants, as to the said justices shall appear reasonable and satis factory, and from time to time to alter and vary the same as they shall think fit, and further to order and direct the said salaries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate by the treasurer of the said county, upon an order or orders signed by the chairman of any general or quarter sessions of the peace held for the said county, specifying the salary and allowance so directed to be paid: provided always, That no such regulation of fees and charges, or any subsequent alteration thereof, shall be made, nor shall any such salary and allowance, or any alteration thereof be fixed and determined at any general or quarter sessions, or special adjournment thereof, unless fourteen days publick notice at the least shall have been given, by advertisement in some newspaper circulating as aforesaid, signed by the clerk of the peace, and specifying that such regulation of fees and charges, or such grant of salaries and allowances, will be taken - into consideration; and no such regulation of fees and charges, or any subsequent alteration thereof, or any variation in such salaries and allowances, so granted, that may in any wise affect the sheriff or his officers, shall take place, or have effedi, pending the continuance in office of the sheriff who shall be actually in commission at the time of making such regulation, or any alteration thereof, or of varying such salaries and allowances, unjefc such sheriff shall, by writing under his hand, consent thereto; and the said justices, in granting to any gaioler or keeper any such salary or allowance, may stipulate, as a condi

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. 37

tien of the payment thereof, that he do regularly observe and keep the bylaws, rules, and orders of the said gaol.

LI. And it is hereby further expressly provided. That no No allowance such; salary and allowance shall be paid out of the said county to be made to rate to any woman, or other person incapable of executing the fncapable^f office in person, who may at any time be appointed gaoler or performing keeper of the said gaol; hut in case any gaoler or keeper shall, the office, from confirmed sickness, age, or infirmity, become incapable Gaolers be of so executing his office in person, the justices of the peace for come infirm the said county, at any their general or quarter sessions, at which seven at the least shall be present, shall take the circumstances ance from the of the case into their consideration, and if he shall be found to salary of the have executed his office with diligence, honesty, and fidelity, officiating the y are hereby empowered to grant him such an annuity as saoi€r* they, in their discretion, shall think proportioned to the merits and time of his service, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, and may dedud the amount thereof from the falaryvallowed to the officating gaoler or keeper, or, if they shall think fit, may order the payment of the whole, or any part thereof, out of the county rate for the county of Gloucester.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace moneycharg for the county of Gloucester shall cause such sum or sums of ed on county money as may be necessary from time to time for all or any the jaife^as^di purposes of this act, and as is or are hereby charged on the reded by 1* county rate, to be raised in the same manner as county rates are Geo. 2. c. 29. directed to be raised by an act made in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, colie Sting) and levying of county rates.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the All laws ap laws and Statutes of this realm, which, from the nature of the plicable to the case, can be applied to the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, or to the extended to building, sitting up, apd repairing the same respectively, or to it. the ordering, governing, and transferring prisoners to be confined therein, shall extend to the said new gaol, penitentiary house, an, d houses of correction, and prisoners, in the same manner as if the same laws and Statutes were herein particularly enacted and repeated, and applied to the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, forfeitures, Penalties and and penalties inflicted by this act, or which shall be inflicted by forfeitures virtue of any bye law, rule, or order, to be made in pursuance covered^and" thereof, the levying and recovering of which are not particu applied, larly herein directed, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of two justices of the peace for the county of Gloucester) who are hereby authorised to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and determine the same; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this act imposed; and inflicted, or authorised to be imposed and inflicted, the application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, (hah'

- d3 be

38 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

be paid from time to time to the treasurer of the said of for the time being, so long as there shall be such an cer, and when, by the operation of this act, 'the office of treasurer to the said of shall cease, then to the treasurer for the time being of the said county of Gloucester, and shall be applied and disposed of for the purposes of this a, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever; and the overplus of the money raised by such distress and sale, after deducing the penalty,

and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner of the goods distrained; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be committed by such justices to some house of eorre&ion for the said county, for such term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, as such justices shall think proper.

LV And) for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders How justices against this a ft, be it further enacted, That all and every the t proceed for justice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or per osders? 0t sons be corvvi<aed of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the convidfcion to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen,; (videlicet).;

Form of con tje it remembered, that on the * in the year

viction. J of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

A.B. is convicted before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of specifying the offence,

and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be].

Given under my hand and seal the day and year Jftrft above men honed.

Appeals.

LVL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything, done in pursuance of this act, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general or quarter feffioo of the peace to be held for the county of Gloucester, within six calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have, arisen, such appellant first giving, or causing to be giver, eight clear days notice at least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or justices of the peace, before whom the conviction shall have been had, and to the clerk to the said of, and within four days after such notice enter into recognisance, before some justice of the peace for the said county, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter session; and the justices at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognisance, shall hear and finally determine the causes

and

39

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.

and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices. shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter session shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no order made touch Proceedings ing or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or notn^for any proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convic ^antofform. tiens of any offender or offenders against this act, shall be quaffed for want of form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and that where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful; nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall such party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (if any) in an action upon the case; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of sufficient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party distraining, before such action brought.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action Persons pro shall be prosecuted against any person or persons, for anything fecuted may done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead aera\ ue the general issue, and give this actor the special matter, in s evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue joined, or if, on demurrer or other wise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the and recover like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other treble costs. cases; and though a verdict shall be given for any plaintiff, in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have Costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the action, and of the verdict obtained thereupon.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and Limitation of prosecutions, to be commenced against any person or persons a&ione. for anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the facts were committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact committed, and not otherwise

[Public act.]

LX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed

D 4 a pub

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1785.

a public j and be taken notice of as such in all courts, and by all persons whom foe vcr.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Mortgage upon the County Rates, far securing the Money borrowed

of the commtjf oners for executing certain powers in an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third entitled, An act for building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and certain new houses of correction, for the county of Gloucester, and for regulating the same, being assembled at a meeting of which the said is chairman,

held under the said act, at on the

day of one thousand seven hundred and^,

do hereby mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the said county, under the description of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment of the sum of which

of hath proposed and

agreed io lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the expense of building the said new gaol, penitentiary house and houses of correction, and of otherwise carrying the said act into execution; and we do: hereby confirm and establish the said mortgage and charge hereby made unto the said his executors, administrators, and assigns, for securing the repayment of the said sum of and interestfor

the same, after the rate of per centum per

annum, and do order the treasurer to the said of to pay the interest of the said sum of half yearly, as the same f hall become due, until the principal shall be discharged, pursuani to the directions of the said act.

'1

Form of Charge upon the County Rates for securing the Annuities.

WE, cas in the form of the mortgage] do hereby, in con jideratton of the sum of which

of hath propojed and agreed to pay, and hath

now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the expense of building the said new gaol, penitentiary house, and houses of correction, and of otherwise carry ing the said act into execution, charge and wake chargeable all the rates to be raised within the said county, under the description of county rates, by the laws now in being, with the payment to the said his executors, administrators,

and assigns, of one annuity or yearly sum of for the term of years [or, the life of the said

years [or, the life of the said as the case may require] \ and we do

hereby

4*

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 11 — 15*

hereby confirm and establish the said annuity or yearly sum unto the aid his executors, administrators, and aj/igns,

and do order the treasurer to the aid of to pay the aid annuity or yearly sum half yearly, as the same shall become due, pursuant to the directions in the said act.

CAP. XI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service.of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five. — ? 1, 500, 0001. raised as by malt act of this session.

CAP. XII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty rvc. — 1,000, 0001. raised more as by malt act of this session

A P. XIII

An act for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, in the county of Perth.

CAP. XIV.

An act for draining and preserving certain lowlands, within the parish of Timberland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool.

Recital of 8 Annae, C 12. for making a dock at Liverpool, and enabling the trustees to borrow 6, qoq1. Act 3 Geo. 1. for enlarging the term granted by the recited act, and for borrowing 4, 0001. more. Recital of 11 Geo. 2. c. 31. for enlarging the, term and powers of the former acts, and for borrowing 6, 0001. more for making an additional wet dock and dry pier. Recital of an act z Geo. 3. for enlarging the term and powers of the former acts, and for borrowing 25, 0001. for paying former debts, and building another dock. Recital that another wet dock, cf hath been built pursuant to the said act. 22, 5501. now due io creditors. The present docks are not sufficient to hold the ftiipping,

Two Other wet docks requisite. Corporation of Liverpool have contrasted to purchase the fcite of several timber yards, and other ground, on the west side of Wapping street, there extending southwardly from the duke of Bridgewater's yard and dock, up to Toxteth Park; out of which grounds to be appropriated, viz. beginning at the northerly boundary of Toxteth Park, and running from thence northwardly 260 yards;

: apd from Wapping westwardly ii5\yards for one dock; and for the

there, a slip Or the westernmost pairt^of the said purchased premises, extending from the duke of Bridgewater's yard and dock southwardly 386 yards, and in breadth 45 yards; for which, or so much as shall be to appropriated, the corporation to be paid in proportion to their purchase. And for a basin for both the said docks, it is agreed to appropriate a piece of waste ground, lying to the westward of the former, extending from the duke of bridgewater's dock and yard southwardly 45* yards; from June 1, 1785, to be appropriated for the new docks and basin. Power to the common council to erect two new docks.

The

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i [1785.

The duties continued from the expiration of the term in ad a Geo. 3. for forty*one ye&rs. 70, 000l. to be raised by virtue of this act, subject to all pripr encumbrances. Application thereof, first for expenses of the ad, then to pay former debts, and after for making, eredine, building, and finishing such docks, piers, and other works, as this addirected; and for maintaining, C the three present wet docks, and the buoys and landmarks, beaeons, or perches, Sec. erected in pursuance of former, or this act, and to pay the purchase money to the corporation. One third of the duties to be paid for ever. Reservation to the corporation of the ground not used for the docks. Property of the docks, C vetted in the trustees. Extension of all the clauses relating to the other docks, to the two intended docks, C Saving of rights of the corporation of Liverpool, and all other persons. Public act,

CAP. XVI.

An act for taking' down the present market house, and certain other buildings, in the town of Uxbridge, for the purpose of widening The High Street; and for paving the foot ways, and lighting andcleanf ing the streets and other places within the said town, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for changing the course of the road between mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said market house.

[Public act.]

Powers of the act to be exercised by a majority of trustees, who may appoint officers, and allow them salaries, and to take security from their treasurer, and may treat for the purchase of houses, C Incapacitated persons empowered to sell and convey. If such persons refuse to treat, Sec. a jury to be summoned. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of jury, C to be binding; and to be registered. Sheriff, Sec. neglecting his duty, may be fined 101. jurymen 51. On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed. On default thereof, or if any defect in the title, the purchase money to be placed out for the use of the persons entitled thereto. Purchase money for premises in settlement, to be laid out to the like uses. Trustees having obtained possession of houses, to cause the same to be pulled down, and materials sold, for the purposes of the ad. After the street is widened, trustees to cause a market place to be set out, and market house built. New market house, when built, vetted in the lords of the manor of Uxbridge. Power to change the course of the road. Pavements, C vetted in the trustees. Trustees empowered to cause the streets to be paved, C No person to alter the pavement. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, C not more than 408. nor less than 10s. Persons accidentally breaking lamps, Sec. to make good the damage. Sign, C to be regulan ed. Trustees not to remove trees, C where the carriageway is thirty feet wide. Application of the money subscribed to pay expenses, and the overplus (if any) to be laid out for the benefit of subscribers. sta e tute duty and composition, and contribution in lieu thereof, to continue to be performed and paid. Surveyor to be appointed. Surplus of the composition and contribution money (after repairing the roads) to be applied in paving the foot ways, Stc. Penalties and forfeitures to b, e recovered by distress and sale of goods, and to be applied for the purposes of the act, Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions; giving fourteen days notice. Limitation of actiona. General issue. Treble costs. Not to diminifti the rights of the lords of the manor,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 17, 18.

C A R XVII

An act to enable the house of commons to authorise the select committee, appointed to try the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election for the county of Bedford, to proceed in case the said feleti committee shall be reduced to a lefi number than is prescribed by an act, made'in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the select committee appointed to try and deter mine the merits of the petition of the honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue election and return for the county of Bedford, have made a considerable progress in the matters to them referred, but are now, by the indisposition of two of the members of the said select committee, reduced to thirteen; and if the said committee Should be further reduced, by the indisposition or death of any of the members remaining on the said select committee, the same would be dissolved, which would be attended with manifest injury and' inconvenience io the parties concerned; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if the said feled committee shall, by the indjlpofi If the com tioft or death of any of the said members of the said feled com mihttee be mittee, be further reduced to eleven, it shall be lawful for the the hous^of1* house of commons, upon application made to them for that commons purpose, to authorise and direct the said feled committee tomaydired proceed in the matters referred to them, and report upon the to Pr

same; which report shall be deemed to be as valid as if the report,

number of the said feled committee had not been reduced to eleven; anything in an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament jf, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII j

An act to empower the justices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate for the county fl/' Middlesex, to continue to hold a session of gaol delivery Newgate, begun to be held before the ejfoign day of term, and sitting of the king's bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such ejfoign day, or the sitting of the said court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said county Middlesex.

WHEREAS, by the present law of this realm, the power Preamble and authority of justices, appointed and authorised under and by virtue of any commission of oyer and terminer, or any commission of gaol delivery awarded into and for any county or place are suspended

h

43

44 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1785.

by the coming and sitting of his majesty's court of king's bench in such county or place: and whereas it hath oftentimes happened that the gaol of Newgate in London hath not been delivered of all the prisoners in it nbr the business of a session of gaol delivery of the said gaol^Newgatethe county of M id d 1 e fe X finally concluded before the ejfoign day of term, and the sitting of his said maj.efiys court of king's bench at Westminster in the said county of Middlesex, by reason whereof diverse prisoners in the said gaol Newgate have remained untried at such session, and have been kept and continued in the said gaol until the following session, to the great inconvenience of the public, to the mdnifefi hindrance and delay of justice, to the prevention of speedy and condign punishment being inflicted on offender sx and to the great increase of the number of prisoners confined in the said gaol, from which the most alarming and dangerous consequences are at times dreaded and likely to ensue: may it therefore pleafo your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this, present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. After May 3, That, from and after the third day of May, one thousand seven if aowte0" hundred and eighty-five, when any session of oyer and terminer ifreryofnew an delivery of the said gaol of Newgate for the said county gate for Mid of Middlesex, shall have been begun to be held before the dlesex, not to essoign day of any term, that the same session shall and may be* continued to be held, and the business thereof finally con

sitting of the notwithstanding the happening of such eltoign day of

cm^rt of any termor the sitting of his majesty's said court of king's, kiwg's bench, bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said county of middle sex and that all trials, judgements, proceedings, alts, deeds, matters and things whatsoever, and all proceedings, alts, deeds, matters and things, in pursuance of such judgements had, made, and done at such session so continued to be held after the essoign day of any term, or the sitting of his said majesty's court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said county of middhfexy shall be good, valid, and effectual in law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be so to all intents and, purposes whatsoever; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

Public

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall and shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

CAP. XIX.

An act for appointing of to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may ex if in the same; and to report such cbfervations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient for the public servicey YV. that an inquiry Should be made respecting the expenses in the

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. tg* ^5

different offices and departments of his Majestfs government herein after mentioned, and the fees, gratuities perquisites, and emoluments received and taken therein, with a view to such regulations as shall be judged expedient and proper for the correction of abuses which may have arisen, and to effiecf such savings as may be made in each \ that is to say The offices and departments under the management of the commissioners of his Majestfs treasury, the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, his Majesty's principal secretaries offate, the master general, the lieutenant general, the purveyor general, and officers composing the board of ordnahee* the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, his Majesty's secretary at war, the treasurer of his Majestfs navy, the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, the commissioners for victualling his Majesty's navy, the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, the of of the excise in England and Scotland re speclively, the commissioners for sick and hurt seamen, the commtf jioners for taxes, the commissioners for Jiamps, the commissioners for salt duties, the postmaster general, the surveyor general of the land revenue, the auditors of the land revenue, the surveyor general of Woods and for efts, the commissioners for hackney coaches, and the com fniffitohers for hawkers and pedlars: be it therefore enacted by the fcing's moll: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lords of of his majesty's treasury, for the Lords of the office of the treasury, for the office of paymaster general of his treasury, kc. majesty's forces, the offices of customs and excise in England turnjjffees and Scotland respectively, the offices of taxes, (lamps, and salt C taken in' duties, the offices of the postmaster general, surveyor general, their respectand auditors of the land revenue, surveyor general of the woods tive depart and forests, and also for the offices for hackney coaches, and for hawkers and pedlars, respectively; that the of floner8 Prefer executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, in after nam for the admiralty, for the treasurer of the navy, for the offices ed. of the navy and victualling, and for sick and hurt seamen, respectively; and the principal secretaries of (late for their several offices, the matter general of the ordnance for the office of ordnance, his majesty's secretary at war for his office, shall, with all convenient speed, lay the returns of the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, usually taken, demanded, or received, by any clerk or officer within any of the before mentioned offices or departments respectively, or copies thereof, together with copies of the annual establishments', and also of the incident bills for defraying the contingent expenses of the said offices or departments, as they respectively flood in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, or in such preceding and subsequent years as they shall judge most convenient, before sir John Dick baronet, and William Mollefon esquire, comptrol Names of lers of the army accounts, together with Francis Baring esquire, commission who are hereby conflicted of for making the en ers: quiries intended by this at: and that the said of, their duty.

or

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19.

[178*

dir any two of them, shall, and they are hereby required to take into their consideration all the said returns establishments, aid. bills, and shall proceed thereupon according to such Iriftruflions and directions as they shall from time to time receive from the king's most excellent majesty in council; and the said of shall, from time to time, report and certify their proceedings, in writing under the hands and seals of them or any two of them, to the king in council, upon each office or department, specifying what officers and clerks belong to or are employed in the same, and what is the duty, services, and attendance required of them, together with the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments which the said officers and clerks, or their substitutes or under clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take for or in respect of their several offices and places; adding, at the same time, such observations as shall occur to them, and such plans, either for correction and improvement, or for abolishing or regulating any of the said fees gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, or for carrying into execution the general purposes of this act, as may appear to them proper to be adopted for the time to come; and in particular, the said of shall, in all cases in which they shall be of opinion that any fees ought to continue to be taken in any of the said offices or departments, consider and report whether it will be practicable to appoint a person to receive and distribute the same, under the directions of the several boards or principal officers, hi such mariner, and in such proportions, as shall be hereafter settled.

Commission

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ers may take ]awful to and for the said of, or any two of them, o^oath^10118 anc they are hereby empowered, authorised, and required, to9examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer) the several persons employed under the lords of of his majesty's treasury, the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, the principal secretaries of state, the matter general of the ordnance, and his majesty's secretary at war, and the several persons in any other of any of the offices or departments before mention edj whom they shall think fit to summon at such time or times as shall be fixed, on application to be made to the principals of the said offices for such purpose, and all other persons who have had any dealings or transactions with the said offices, or the representatives of such persons, whom the said of or any two of them, shall thirik fit to examine, touching the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments taken therein, and touching all other matters and things necessary for the execution of the powers vetted in the said of by this at; all which persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said of, at such time and place as lhafll be appointed, and also to observeand execute such orders and directions as the said of, or any two of them', shall make or give for the purposes before mentioned.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 47

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the and may send said of, or any two of them, shall be, and are here for persons, by empowered to examine into any corrupt and fraudulentpape1^' ani practises, or other miscondu<9:, as far as relates to the purposes recor 8* intended by thi^a^t, committed by any person or persons concerned in the management of any of the offices or departments

herein before mentioned: and for the better execution of this present act, the said of, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to meet and sit, from time to time, in such place or places within the cities of London and Westminster, as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records relating to any of the offices or departments herein before mentioned, as shall be necessary for carrying into execution the purposes of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said of, Commission named in this act, before they enter upon the execution of the £rs to be same, shall take an oath, before the chancellor of the exche worn quer for the time being (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer), the tenor whereof shall be as followeth;

that is to say:

I A.B. do wear, That, according to the hest of my skill and know their oath, ledge, I will faithfully impartially, and truly, execute the several powers and trujh vejled in me by an act for appointing of to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned 5 to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such obfer* vations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said offices; according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaicf,

That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon Penalty on oath before the said of respectively, as before men giving false tioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every evidence, such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted,

shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 7

That in case of a vacancy or vacancies by death or resigna On death, C tien of any one or more of the said of, during the ofacomraif continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Ma Majesty may jesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may appoint a fuc think proper, to Cupply such vacancy or vacancies; and that cessor. every person so nominated and appointed (having taken the oath of office abovementioned) shall be held and considered to

be

4?

Continuance of this act.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20, 21. [1785.

be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the commissioner appointed by this ain whose room such person is so nominated.'

VII. And be it further ettadted* That this at shall continue in force until the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. XX.

An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, entitled, " An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to bfe raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; " together with those named in three former acts for appointing of of the iand tax, and with those named in the land tax act of the twenty-third year of his Majesty's reigti, and in the land tax act of this session of parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An act to render more effectual several acts of parliament, for erecting hospitals and workhouses, within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there; and to raise further sums of money for the better carrying the purposes of the said acts into execution.

Recital of9 & 10 Gul. 3. private act, No. 33. Act of yt Gteoi 2. C 53. a Geo. 3. C ao. respecting militia. 14 Geo. 3. c. 61. impowering corporation of the poor to raise further money Not more than 3, 3001. per ann. raised in pursuance of the last act. Corporation empowered to raise 8, 6601. within a certain time. Not more than 2, 2001. to be raised in either of the two first, nor in any succeeding year more than 1, 1001. to be raised by the governor, cof the poor of Exon, by an equal taxation. To be applied towards discharging debts, d. Parish officers to collect, and on nonpayment to distrain and imprisori. Yearly meetings to raise money on the second I'uefday in June yearly, deficiency arising by nonpayment of assessments, to be certified respectively to the corporation; and to be made goodbye re assessment. Corporation empowered, in case of neglect or refusal of the mayor, justices, C to issue their warrants for levying assessments, to levy the same by distress and sale. Corporation to ascertain what weekly, monthly, or other sum necessary for maintenance of the poor. No person to be abated in afteft ment, so as to reduce the same under the weekly rate of twopence, unless upon application to the mayor, justices, C Claujfe in former act respecting charitable gifts, CC repealed. Disqualification of guardians, if made aldermen, or removing out of city or county for one year, or do not attend courts for one year, or be bankrupt, or discharged as an insolvent debtor, or compound his debts, or do not pay 3d. per week poors rates. out patients of the Devon and Exeter hospital to be maintained by their respective parishes. in patients to be provided with clothes by their respective parishes. Recital that the annual in -- come of 3, 3001. is inefficient for the poor. Commissioners to be elected by their respective parishes. If no 'inhabitant within any particular parish qualified to be elected commissioner, power to elect from any other parish. Names of of to be returned to the clerk of the corporation, who is to enter the same in a book to be kept for the purpose. New election, in case of death, or disqualification of of Commissioners to be summoned to attend meetings. commissioner to be convened at a general court before any money levied above the annual assessment of 3, 3001. and 8, 6ooi. If of neglect to attend general court, or be equally divided in opinion, dr neglect to determine on the sum to be borrowed, corporation to apply to the quarter sessions. Treasurer to account within six months after

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22< 49

the ekpiration of his office, or in default to be committed; commis (iofters impose red to inspect accounts, and visit workhouses & If guardians negie& to attend, of may visit, and make report.

No person to supply the workhotife with any kind of provisions, liquors, articles of manufacture, LI ten fi ls, 'or other matters, above 50l. in a year, tinless by public contract. Penalties and forfeitures to be levied by distress. Persons or parishes overrated may appeal to the quarter sessions. The mayor, dec. of Exon to convey the tolls of the market for security of any money for setting the poor id work. Continuation o former as. This at not to annul proceedings under former acts.

Charges of this att to he paid out of the firs money arising thereby.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Limitation of actichi$ in six months.

Publick ak

CAP. XXII.

yfn act for repealing so much of an act made in the idjj session of parliament as relates to the disl illation of corn spiriis in mall fills, iti certain counties or districts of the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorising the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant, licences, to persons living in the aid counties or dtftrxfts, to distill spints from barley, bear, or bigs the growth of the said counties > and fdr imposing a duty on such licences.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament. Preamble (entitled, An alto discontinue, for a limited time, the4 Geo. 3. payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home conc. 46. recited lumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties iti lieu thereof 5 and for the bdttei* regulation of thd making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vetting in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands of Ferintosh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the iveft Indies); it was, among other things, enacted, That it Should and might be lawful for the of of the excise, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or the major part of them, not with [landing the several former acts and Statutes then fub ftfling in relation to the distilling and manufacturing spirits from cor n and notwithstanding the provijoes and regulations in that act, to authorise and empower such number of persons as they Should judge proper and expedient, within the highland parishes or dt/lrifts of the counties, therein mentioned, to ere ft, hep, and work fills, the cubical contents of which, including the head, Jloould not exceed twenty galions, English measure, or at the most thirty galions, nor in any case be of less than the ftrjl mentioned size: and whereat it now appears that the purposes which the said act was intended to answer, with respect to the revenue, and the improvements of agriculture in the parishes and disl rifts aforesaid, have been in a great measure defeated by the variety of rejlfiftions therein contained, and particularly by the:

Jize of the sills being too fmau^bt it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent ma^by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritn# % nd temporal, and commons, in this Vol. XXX — - E prefer

50 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22. [1785.

So much of present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, the recited That so much of the said act as particularly respects the high' the'^hv Wands counties of Scotland, shall be, and the same is hereby re ot scohand, S Pealech and that no action for penalties incurred shall brought repealed.*interms thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Licences may*that upon the fir.ll day of December, one thousand seven hun be granted dred and eighty-five, or as soon as may be in the course of that the commit month and so from year to year thereafter, it (halband may be tionersofex lawful to and for the of of his majesty's excise in cife in Scot Scotland, or the major part of them, by licences under their land, within hands, to authorise persons, qualified as herein after mentioned, knd^counfies, re several counties of Orkney, Gaithness, sutherlandrof$+

for distilling'Cromarty, Invernest, Argyle, Bute, Stirlings Clackmannan, Perth, corn fprits. Dumbarton, Aberdeen, Forfar, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, 'and Elgin, (excepting those parts of the counties of Dumbarton, Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth, hereki after described), to Size of the erect, keep, and work stills, the cubical contents of which re stills. spectively shall not be less than thirty, nor more than forty gallons

of English measure, including their respective heads, and to distill and draw off spirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the said counties, during the term of one year, and for no longer or shorter space, from the date of the corami (Tion or licence, and tp use, fell, and dispose of the spirits so disttileci, subject to the restrictions and regulations, and on payment of a composition or licence duty at the rate of twenty Shillings, sterling for each English gallon of the content of such still, for the space aforesaid, and that in place of the whole rates apd duties imposed on the diddling of corn spirits, and upon the malt or grain from which the spirits are extracted; but declaring that the licensed distillers shall not be allowed any drawback or deduction from the above duty, on account of their, or either of them, having bought from any entered maltder any part of the malt to be used by them, and for which the ordinary duties upon malt have been paid, or are due.

III. And, for the better ascertaining the persons to whom such licences may be granted, the conditions under which they are to be obtained, and the powers of the commissioners of excise, and others, with respect to the granting thereof, be it enacted by the authority The heritors afprefaia, That, within two months after the passing of this to amble t*le ^er*tors of each parish, within which such licensed stills

and make out are to be permitted, or persons duly authorised to act for thema list of per shall assemble in the paridi church, previous notice of the day fons proper to and hour and purpose of such meeting being given by advertise e licensed. ment, signed by the collector of the excise of the bounds, and by one or more of the principal heritors of the parish, or their factors, and affixed on the church doors for two Sundays preceding the day of meeting; and shall proceed by a majority of the voices, not in point of number, but according to the extent 1 of their valued rents, (o that those who cohesively shall have the greatest extent of valued relit, shall be deemed to have the

majority

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22. 51

ivikjority of voices, to make out.a list of the persons within the said parish to whom such licences may most properly be granted; which'lift the ptefes or clerk of the meeting shall forthwith Lists to be transmit to the commissioners of excise at Edinburgh, and a copy transmitted thereof to the collector of excise within whole bounds the said parish lies 3 and the said of shall have power to limit excise at the licences to be granted, in consequence of the said lists, to Edinburgh, such number as they shall judge the particular cifcumstances. f

and population of each parish or county hall require, provided — the number be not less than two for each parish, if so many shall be demanded b^the heritors; which bfring done, the said commissioners shall, without delay, return the said lists, 'so approved of or restriested, to the different collectors of excise, with. orders to give immediate notice thereof, to the persons te whom licetices are to be granted, and to require them to ftnd security, as herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That, in all succeeding years, the Heritors to heritors of each parish shall assemble for the purpose of making ^heirible, after out the lists as aforesaid, in the first or fecorid week of May, at yea^tnthe the parish church, previous notice being given of the precise month ot* day and hour of meeting by advertisement on the two preced May.

\ng Sundays as aforesaid; lists shall be transmitted to the commissioners of excise, in the manner before directed, who ftially without delay, give notice to the respective collectors of excise of the bounds, to what extent the lists are approved of, and who are to be entitled to licehoes, on the first day of December following, or as soon after as maybe in the course of that month; and the collector or collectors shall in like manner forthwith give the same notice to the persons who are to receive the licences: and if, from neglect or inattention, no list shall If heritors be transmitted from the heritors of any. parish to the said com ne£j<; t to missioner the said of shall nevertheless give orders coamr^i^r^o1^ s, to the collectors of excise of the bounds to issue licences for the ers to lieenfe ensuing year to such persons as they shall think proper, the such persons number of which persons shall not be less than two, as before as they think mentioned, if so many are!'demanded; and those persons who pl0per* held them for the preceding year shall have the preference, on. paying the former composition, and complying with the other regulation herein after mentioned.

V Provided always, and it is hereby specially provided and declared, That no licence shall be granted to any per soil to Power of dreeft of work stny still under this a, within ten English Statute grantinj? h; miles of any distillery regularly entered according to the laws of ces lim'excise, and provided such entered di(filler has paid yearly, for the two preceding years, duties to the extent of eight hundred pounds (terling yearly and is going oh in the same business; or who, being in that business, and within the distance aforesaidj shall require the suppression of a small still, and give obligation, with fufkcient security, that the duty to be imposed upon the distillery, carried on by him, her, or them, shall amount to ameaftthe saidf years funi 6f eight hundred pounds. V " E 2 sterling

5i

Certain conditions to be complied with by every person applying fora hceffce.

Persons whdf are to obtain licences must give proper security to the collector of excise.

ticence to specrfy the name and residence of the person who obtains it, with the size of the still, etc.

Computation of the quantity of grain

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22v [1785.

sterling for two years to come, the distance to be computed By the usual publick road, or by any usual ferry or passage by. water

VI. Provided alfa, That no person shall be entitled to a licence under this act who shall not, at the time of his or her application, produce avecbmmehdatton from the heritor on whose property he or she lives, or his factor, and a certificate of his or her being a person of good character, and reputed in good circumstances, together with the name or names of the person or persons proposed to be given as security for the payment of the duty hereby imposed upon his licence, and of the further sum of fifty pounds sterling, to answer thefrpayment of such penalties as he or she may incur.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the persons who are to obtain licences in any particular parish are thus ascertained, they shall be obliged to find security, to the satisfaction of the collector of excise of the bounds, that they shall take out their licences at the time and in the manner before directed, and shall make payment of one quarter of the said licence duty at the time when the licence shall be delivered to them, and of another quarter of the same at the end of each three months then after, till the whole twenty Shillings is paid for the year's licence; and in case they, or either of them, fail to give such security, with at lead one cautioner bound for him, to the satis faction of the collector as aforesaid, the person so failing shall not be infilled to the licence, but in that case it shall be in the power of the said collector to grant a similar licence to any other person within the same parish who shall appear to him sufficiently qualified for the purpose, and who is willing to pay and find security as aforesaid, the collector of excise always preferring those who have been recommended by the heritors; and that each licence so to be issued as aforesaid, shall specify the name and place of residence of the person who obtains it, the place at which the still is to be erected, the size of such still, together with an acknowledgement of the licence duty to the above extent being paid, and security found for the penalty, as before directed.

VIII. And whereas the said privilege and exemption are hereby granted for the purpose of promoting agriculture and improvement in the said highland counties and districis, and for accommodating the inhabitants thereof with spirits drawn from their own grain at moderate rates \ and it has been computed that a still of forty galions, wrought in the manner known and practised in those districts of the country, and during that part of the year in which it will commonly be in their power to work them, will manufacture into good spirits two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow measurey of the barley, bear, or bigy of these countiej, and no more, which will producey at an average, one thousand six hundred and sixty gallons of pure spirits, and that the produce of smaller fiitts will be in a similar proportion; be it therefore enacted, That when a licence shall be tak&n our, and the composition duty paid, for a still of forty galions, such

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22^ 53

4wty shall be held to be a composition for the duty oa malt to made into the extent of two hundred and fifty bolls, Linlithgow measure, spirit yearly and no more, and for the duty on the spirits manufactured in^Lllons1 such still to the extent of one thousand six hundred and sixty ancj Of the gallons English, and no more; and when a licence shall be taken spirits pro out., and the composition duty paid, for any still of a lesser size, duced there the like proportion shall be observed both as to the quantity ofronu malt, and the quantity of spirits for which such duty shall be held to be a composition; and that for all malt which shall be Duty to he used or made by such licensed distiller, over and above the said and quantity, and for all spirits which (ail be manufactured from spirits ex such stills, over and above the quantity aforesaid, there shall be ceeding those paid the same duties to which the entered maltster and distiller quantities, are, by the laws of excise, liable.

IX And) for the more effectually securtng to his Majesty's revenue the payment of the abovementioned duties, for all spirits which the owners of such fills shall be able to manufacture beyond the quantity corresponding as aforesaid, to the fefpeciive sizes of the sills, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers of excise Excise officers shall at all times have full liberty to enter into and survey the (^r^rnalt^ malt barns and distilleries belonging to such licensed distiller, barns and and to keep an exact account of the malt and spirits manufac distilleries, tured therein, and to charge with the usual duty all malt, made and charge or used therein, exceeding the quantity of two hundred apd fifty a^ffuch* bolls in the year, and all spirits exceeding in quantity one thou malt^etc^ land six hundred and sixty gallons annually; and that no spirits manufactured shall, from and after the said first day of December, one thou therein, sand seven hundred and eighty-five, be allovyed to pass or be From Dec. r, carried from one place to another within the counties or dif tricts aforesaid, to which counties or districts the sale of the fpi moved, wiuvf^ rits to be manufactured in the stills to be licefifed under this act the before is hereby expressly restricted, without being accompanied with mentioned a permit from the proper officer, expressing the quantity so per districts, mitted to pass, and also mentioning that the same is the produce p^ndt.1*of a licensed still; that the owner or owners of such licensed still V pr stills shall, in consideration of the annual composition paid by him, her, or them, be entitled to demand free permits, in the course of the year for which such licences are held, for the quantity of spirits before expressed as the produce of a still containing forty galions, and for a proportional quantity if the still be of a lesser size, but for no more, allowing them to pass anywhere within the said counties or districts; and ip so far as permits are demanded for a greater quantity, they shall only be obtained on payment of the duties chargeable by law on the entered distillers and maltsters.

X. And, for the more effectually preventing the spirits which may be dif Hied by virtue of this a CL from interfering with or prejudicing the trade of the entered dfiliers, who carry on their business subject to the payment of those duties which are imposed by the laws of excise;

be it enacted, That no still shall be licensed in the counties of No stills to

Dumbartonr Stirling, Clackmannan, and Perth to the east or licensed -- -- £3 right certain parts

54

of the counties of Dumbarton, Stirling etc.

Spirits, the produce of licensed ftiils, removed to the foutherri parts of the kingdom, liable to seizure,

Penalty on {icensed distillers for having ?h heir ppffef fiori stills larger than those compounded for;

or on difppf ipg of any malt, tic.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. zz.

[1785.

right hand of a line beginning at the boat of Babel), wherg l<$h Lomond run into the rivpr Levtn, and proceeding along the great military road from thence by Bqcklivie, to the town of Stirling; and from thence along the great road called Hillfooft Roqd, on the south side of the Uchell Hills, till it meets with the great road from Kinross to Perth, and along the same till it comes Jo the bridge of Earn, and along the water of Earn till, it junction with the river Tay, and along that river till it joins the German ocean; and that no spirits, the produce of such licensed stills, shall be allowed tp pass, either with or without permit, into the southern parts of the kingdom, either by land across the line above expressed, or by water carriage from the coasts or ports of any of the counties mentioned in this act; and that all spirits, distilled to the west and north of the above line, the produce of such licensed stills, or not produced by stills entered in the manner directed by the laws or excise, thaj shall be found pasting tp or in other parts of the kingdom, either with or vyithpuf permit, shall be liable to seizure by the proper officers, to be disposed of by them in the same manner as other spirits so seized are directed to be disposed of by the laws of exqfe.

Ttj. And it is hereby enacted j>y the authority a sore fa id. That every ficensed distiller haying; in his possessiori or using a still of larger dirnenfipns than those for which he fias obtained a licepee, and paid a composition, shall be subject to a further duty of two pounds sterling for each gallon such (till shaft cop? tain over and above the quantity specified in his licence 5 and if such furplqs shall exceed three gallons Englifo, he shall forfeit such still, and all the utensils thereto belonging, together with his licence, and be liable to a penalty of twenty pounds sterling stnd further, if he shall be coriyided of having in his possessiori any other still than that for which he has obtained a licence, hp shall in like manner forfeit his licence, and be subject to a penalty of fifty pounds sterling, and such unlicensed still shall be seized and forfeited; and every licensed distiller, who shall be convicted of using "any grain, not the growth of the counties qbove nientionpd^ 9t same one of them, shall forfeit five Shillings per bushel for all such grain or malt, and shall in like manner forfeit his ftilpand utensils, and his licence.

XII. And it is hereby declared, That no licensed distiller Q

distillers shall sell or dispose of any malt, under any pretepee whatever, nor have in his, her, or their ciiflpdy, any corp spirits other than those of their own manufacture, unfefs thp same shall have been purchased from an entered or licensed di tiller, and accompanied with a regular permit > and if fie, (he, or they, shall act contrary hereto, he, (lie, or they, shall forfeit their licepce apd utensils, and double the value of the said malt ?nd spirits

jpd whereas the licensed disuucr is entitled by this act to (i free permit 10 the extent of one them Jan fvc hundred and sixty gallons of spirits, for ajiill of forty galions, and fq in poporiiot\ jot cne of

\ V^'*' $ I'M

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22. 55

a lesser fizey being the full quantity for which the above composition No. spirits to is meant to be paid; it is declared, That no spirits shall be re he removed moved from the place they are distilled at, without a permit; and that all spirits carrying from one place to another, without jeci without a permit, shall be seized and forfeited. permit.

XIV. Andy in order the more effectually to prevent the use of jlills of any other size than those allowed by the laws of excisey or those authorised by this ably and the dfi tiling of corn spirits by any perjbis other than those qualified according to lawy or ivko shall hold licences

in pursuance of this ably be it enacted, That, from and after the Directions palting of this act, no still shall be made or offered to sale for rel^e tithe home use, without having stamped or engraved thereon the g, ng p maker's name, and place of residence, with its cubical content expressed by the number of galions, under a penalty of ten pounds sterling on the maker or seller of every still made or sold contrary to this provision \ also, that all stills made for the use of chemists, druggists, or perfushers, shall in the same manner be marked, chymiftsy Druggijlsy or Perfumers Still; and that no person shall sell, for home use, a still of the dimensions permitted to be licensed by this act, except to persons who possess licences in pursuance thereof, or on seeing a certificate, from the collector of the bounds, of their licence being ordered by the commissioners of excise; and further That if any still Stills made shall be found, on the said first day of December next, in the contrary possession of any person residing within any of the before mentioned counties or dlftrids, not having the name and place of ddtroyed. the maker, its contents, or number of galions, expressed upon it as herein before directed; if. its dimensions be of a kind not allowed by law to be used in the distillation of corn spirits, not marked as a druggists, chemists, or perfumers still, such still shall be liable to seizure by any officer or officers of excise, who are hereby directed to destroy the same; and the materials of all such illegal stills, so seized and destroyed, shall be sold by or under the direction of the collector of the bounds, and the money arising from such sale shall be disposed of in like manner as the penalties herein after mentioned are directed to be disposed of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the licensed distiller. Stills how to on the expiration of his licence, unless the same shall be renewed bedisposedof, within eight days after such expiration, shall be obliged to de piration^f^ posit his still with the officer of the district, or to dispose of it licence.

in the view and presence of the said officer, to some other person taking out a licence, or to the original maker thereof; and in case of his failing so to do, or using the said still during the said eight days, he shall be cortfidered as an illicit distiller, and be liable to the same penalties.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise may withdraw the licences, commission or restrid their number, in all or any of the counties before ers of excise mentioned, during the course of any year, upon ap application {ic^n^gh ^rraw from the of of supply of such county, assembled at restrict their^E 4 - a meeting number, upon

fjippiy.

56 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1785.

application a meeting previously advertised and called for the purpose, by from the cpm the convenor of the county, certifying, as the ground of such miffiopprs of application, that there arc probable grounds for apprehending a scarcity of grain; and in case the licences shall be withdrawn the licensed distillers shall be respectively entitled to a return or abatement of a proportion of the duty which had been paid for such licences; and in case a restriction only shall be imposed, such restriction to be proportionably laid on all he parishes of the county.

Penalties and

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties forfeitures and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall gnd may be sued for co^red^and6" ^e^ore ?ny two Majesty's justices of the peace within the applied.^county where the offence shall be committed, whose sentence shall be subject to review only by the justices of the county in their quarter sessions, or before the barons of his majesty's court of exchequer, but before no other court; and that the said penalty and forfeiture shall be sued for and recoverable by any of the officers of excile, or any of the expedants of excise, or any member of the kirk session in the parish within which the offender lives, or by any licensed distiller within the same parish pr county; and the one half of the said penalties apd forfeitures shall go to the poor of the parish within which the offence is committed, and the other half thereof to the prosecutor, and of limitation of which there shall be no power of mitigation; and all actions 'actions. for the recovery thereof shall be commenced within six months after such offence has been committed

CAP. XXIII.

An act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, yards, courts, alleys, and passages, within that part of the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, called The water side Division, and for removing and preventing nuitances, and annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain part of and belonging to the turnpike road leading from the east end of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the county of Kent within the said waterside Division of the said parish, therein mentif oned.

Commissioners appointed for putting this act in execution. Qualification of of, 50l. per anri. or i, ooool. personal effecte. Penalty on acting, not being qualified, 50l. Vidiiallers incapable ot being of Meetings to confiflof 5 or more of adlourp merits. Commissioners to pay their own expenses. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to account. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distress. On failure of dr streis, etc. offender may be committed Limitation of imprisonment, IX months. Officers taking fees, or being interested in any bargain, incapable of serving, and to forfeit tool. Commissioners impow^ ered to pave all the strepts, Japes, yards, courts, alleys, and passages, within the said division, of the said parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Ber: mondsey!; and also to repair all the highways in the said pari fit, not under the direction of particular trustees, lay virtue of any ad of parliar ment and to cause all to be cleansed, lighted, and watched; and may btrht and watch the turnpike road, and contract for pavements, etc. purveyors to insped the works, and if contract not performed, actions fp be brought thereon, Materials may be dug out of or brought

-" '...'its

Cj O

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

into streets, etc. Property of all materials to be vetted in the commifli* pners. Penalty on interrupting workmen; first offence, 20s. second, 40s. and third, 3k Commissioners may sell the old materials, and apply the money to the purposea of the a. No alteration to be made in the form of the pavement, without consent of of commissioners to provide watch houses, watch boxes, watchmen, and beadles. The duty of watchmen and beadles is to endeavour to prevent all mischiefs by fire, all mureters, burglaries, robberies, disturbances, and breaches of the peace, and all outrages, misdemeanours, indecencies, and disorders; and for that purpose, without warrant, to arrest, and detain in the watch house, or other convenient place, provided by the of within the said water side Division, all mhlefactors, rogues, vagabonds, disturbers of the peace, and other disorderly persons, found loitering, wandering, or misbehaving, or committing disorders in or near the said division, or whom the said watchmen shall have reason or just cause to suspect of any evil design, to be carried before a justice of peace, to be examined and dealt with according to law. Commissioners of sewers to make and repair grates, sewers, 'and drains, and to call the sewers within the said division. If commissioners of sewers neglect to do the works, of for pavements to do the same, and recover expenses. Commissioners of paving to alter gutters, or channels in the streets. lamp irons may be fixed against walls of houses. Persons wilfully damaging lamps, etc. may be seized without warrant, and to forfeit 5l. for each lamp, and pay damages, or may be committed to bard labour for fourteen days. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, etc. to make satisfaction. Commissioners to employ persons to cleanie, and to purchase carts, etc. Penalty on laying allies, etc. in the streets; offence, aos. second, 40s. and third, 3l. saving the right of the owner or occupier of the millpond there, who may call the soil thereout as heretofore. Penalty on obstructing the streets by carriages, etc. to forfeit 20s. and pay damages. Penalty on driving, etc. wheel barrows, etc. of the foot pavement; for sir ft offence, 5s. second, 10s. and third, os. Hoards, etc. may be made for building, by leave of the surveyor. Foot pavements to be swept every day except Sundays. Houses to be numbered, and names of streets to be affixed on the corner houses. Signs, etc. regulated. Penalty on, offenders, 5l. To remove the soil, at any time cast out of Saint Saviouris mill pond, within five days. If soil not removed within five days, the surveyor to remove the same, and recover double the expense. Step, etc. proje£ting too far to be removed. Commissioners not obliged to pave highways. Rates, upon occupiers of hpuses, " fliops, warehouses, wharves, dockyards, or other yards, mill, mill ponds, rope walks, cellars, vaults, or other tenements in the said division, whether occupied with land or not, and on every person occupying land therein, and on all occupiers of houses, (hops, warehouses, land, cellars, vaults, or other tenements in the division of the said parish of Bermondsey, called The land side Division, on the south side of the turnpike road, so to be lighted, at the rate of as. 3d. in the pound on houses, and gd. in the pound on land: and the houses in the occupation of Samuel Read, Robert Lewis, Thomas Crout, William Randall, Thomas Child, Thomas Flowers, William Burrell, and John Keating, to be charged with the land held therewith, at 9d. in the pound. Half rates till paved. Rates to be signed by justices. Owners of houses, let out intenements, to be assessed, and to be paid by pny tepaftt, anc) deduced put of the relit. meeting houses and void spaces of ground to be rated at the discretion of the of, and to be paid by the proprietor, trustee, treasurer, or minister, or deacon officiating. Rates recoverable by action, with costs. Occupiers quitting without paying rates may be followed, and by warrant their goods distrained. ny person authorised by comraiffiohers to inspe<$£ parish rfttes^ etc. Persons paying this rate exempted from all other expenses 6f paving, etc. Pavements liable to be repaired by any parishes, corporations, or trustees of turnpikes, etc. to be repaved at their expense. The of may compound with such parishes, 3, 000l. Hjay be borrowed on annuities. Annuities charged upon e rates, and

r 82

58 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 24. [1785.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

not Viable to the land tax. When annuitants die, other annuities may be purchased. Annuities may be affrgned. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered. Moneys raised vested in the of Expenses of passing this act to be first paid. Commissioners may purchase lands, etc. Moneys in the hands of the treasurers, receivers, or coile&ors, to be the first paid in case of death. Power to repair or rebuild certain bridges over the Mill pond, viz. Folly Bridge, water lane Bridge, London street Bridge, and the bridges at the west and east end of jacob street. Proviso for excluding Five foot Lane out of the ad. Penalties may he mitigated, but not to iefs than a moiety. Commissioners to relay pavement taken up for repairing any vaults, drains, or pipes, and to be reimbursed by the party taking upiuch pavement. Power given to compound with of ot sewers. Action to be brought for expences, of relaying any pavement. Penalty on neglect of giving notice of taking up the pavement for hours, aos. Commissioners to pay for altering pipes. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods and in default of goods, to be committed for three months, and not left shan fourteen days, or till paid, and to be applied for the purposes of the 3$. Commissioners may reward informers. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends hath been made. Minute book to be kept. Justices empowered to administer oaths. Commissioners who are justices may ad as such Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Limitation of actions, in six months.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the last session of parliament as imposes duties on all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, 'and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, not being printed painted, or stained; and on licences for bleaching or dying the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament,

*4 Geo. 3. C (entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty additional 40. lecited. duties on linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great bri tain; and for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed, in foreign parts): and whereas so much of the said recited act as imposes duties on all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wave, in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained and on 'licences for bleaching or dying the same, has been fund inconvenient', be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirimal and temporal, and commons, in this present 1 of the parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar,

recited act from and after the passing of this act, so much and such part

jepcaac. of the recited act, as imposes duties on all cotton stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, pr stained'on licences for bleadving or dying the same, ijiall be, gnd the same is hereby repealed,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. €.'25, 26. 59

CAP. XXV.

An act for allowing further time for the importation of goods the produce or manufacture of the island of Tobago, upon payment of the British plantation duties.

13 Geo. 3. c. 14' recited. Goods, the produce of Tobago, may be imported before Dec. 31, 1785, upon payment of firitiih plantation duties.

Purport of the oath to be taken by the importer.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear. port and haven of Sunderland, in the county Palatine of Durham.

Act 3 Geo. 1. Private ad No. 3. 13 Geo. 1. c. 6.0 Geo. a. C 18.

The duties in that ad, ad. per chaldron of coals and cinders. Ad 3

Geo. a. A further duty of id. per chaldron of coals and cinders. The works done under the said acts; a large pier and key, and deepening the channel. The present situation and condition of the port: the ealt end of the pier ruinous. That the duties are insufficipnt. 1, 4001. borrowed on the credit of the tolls, The importance of the port, etc. it would be convenient to have all necessary power in one a A. The term of the former acts continued, and the provisions of this act to be exercisecj for twenty-one years more. Commissioners appointed. The qtfalifi cation of of, iool. per ann. Penalty of acting, not being quashed, Pl. Commissioners to take an oath of qualification yearly.

Meetings, Jfune 13, and as often as necessary. If npt seven commicjiqn ers present, chairman to adjourn. ..cjcmimilfiohers to pay their own expences at meetings. Chairman to be present at meetings; and have determining vote. If chairman not able to attend on a notice left at his house, another to be chosen. Times for chusing the chairman, June Q, and Dec. 31, yearly. For eledingcommissionera on death, etc. in twelvemonths. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them fauries. Officers not to be removed unless eleven of present. Commissioner v^ho does not attend in twelve months, not to vote ip removal or election of officers Commissioners not to hold offices etc Officers to take an oath. Power for improving the navigatjoh.

Materials may be taken from private grounds, making satisfadiorf for damages. Power to purchase lands, etc. incapacitated persons im powefed to felt and convey. To ascertain the value, where persons do not treat to sell. Sheriff or coroner to return a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Jury to ascertain damages, etc, Verdi A of Jury, etc. to be tin all (except as after.) Witnesses or jurymen making default, may be fined. Fees to sheriff, and expenses of jury, etc. by whom to be paid. Verdicts and judgements to be returned to the sessions. Damages done by the works being made, to be provided for. On tendering money agreed or ascertained, to proceed in the work. 'If any parties are dissatisfied with the jury's verdict, they may try the value, etc. in a feigned issue in the court of pleas at fjurham. Sixpences of trial for settling damages, etc. to be paid according to the event.' Lands, etc. to be used for the purposes of the navigation only, and the pwness to hold and enjoy the same for other purposes. Commissioners hot to have wagon ways, but for the purposes of navigation. Dwners, makers, or Ikippers, to be answerable for damage done to the pfers, ef C by any of the crew. The property of buildings, etc. vested in the chairman; who is empowered to prosecute. To prevent abuses and annoyances. A jury to be summoned. Jury to give in their verdict, etc.

Time for repairing keys, etc. three months, and removing impediments.

Further time to repair, etc. to be allowed, if necessary. Owners of lands may go thereon to build keys, etc. without being guilty of a tref pgfs, to tue occupier. c^muuffioners may I'M? and sud it the name 9f

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C.

[1785.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

of their chairman. No action or indictment to be brought or preferred, but by order of eleven of To prevent fkippers, etc from overloading their keels used for ballast, to forfeit 408. Owners and fkippers names to be on the keel. Keels for ballast to be weighed, etc Coal keels to be entered, and marked. Pitch, etc. shall be boiled on board vessels, by an iron instrument called a Loggerhead, on forfeiture of 5l. Time allowed for weighing and raising vessels sunk, twenty-four hours, or to pay damages. To prevent ballast being call: into the river, penalty 5l. To prevent calling ballast without a port fail, penalty 5l. To prevent ballast lying on the keys too near the edge, penalty 5l. Power for the engineer to remove ballast, etc. Penalty on taking coals, etc.' on board of ships in the narrow, 5l. or in the channel between the high Hairs, belonging to John Thornhill, esq; and the extreme east end of the pier; except between the said stair3 and the coble ship, if but one ship in a tier, next to the key; or to the north side of the channel, if but one ship in a tier. Not to moor ships in the narrow, except as aforesaid. No ships to He in the narrow, after being loaded or delivered, on penalty of 5l. Stopping the passage. or hindering the works, penalty 5s. an hour. Proceedings against offenders withdrawing. Commissioners may bring an action. Wilfully damaging the works, to answer damages. To prevent ships being milled by fire of limekilns, of to build walls, to be repaired by the owner. New duties on coals and cinders, brought to the said river, between South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and the port of Sunderland, 3d. per chaldron by owners, and id per chaldron by sitters. Commissioners may collect duties already due. For ascertaining the quantities of coals liable to duty, may examine on bath persons belonging to colliers. Exemption from duties; if coals be lost or used in making salt and glass, glass bottles, vitriol, copperas, earthen ware, bricks, tiles or lime, in limits of the said port, to be proved on oath. If the ftaitbmen dp not appear to be examined, owners may be charged with 3d, per chaldron, and sitters with 4d. per chal* dyon, for not above 15, 009 chaldrons in a year, as the of think fit. Commissioners may borrow money, and assign the tolls as a security. Form of assignment. Assignment8 may be transferred. Form of transfer. The manner of levying penalties, by distress and sale of goods. For rewarding informers. The money to be applied to pay the expenses of act, and paying charge of several works done in pursuance of the act, and paying money Borrowed and intereift. Information to be given in six months, and prosecution in twelve months. Offenders not to be punished twice. Commissioner not to sit or vote in his own case. Proceedings to be entered in books, and to be evidence. No order to be quashed for want of form. No order to be repealed tinless eleven of present. Commissioner being a justice may act as fuefi. Power to mare bylaws; and notice thereof to be given by advertisement. Commissioners may admirrifter an oath to prove serving of process, etc. Persons giving false evidence, to be deemed gtiilty of perjury. Quakers affirmation to be taken, under like pains and penalties. Officers to account. Penalty on default. For want of distress by commitment till account, cor by action. Officers to deliver up books, etc. when required so to do by the of, or to be commuted. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. For preserving the keys, etc. used at the time of passing this act. Allowing the budding of new keys, wharves, and ftaiths. Nuisances may be punished at common-law. Commissioners to satisfy damages occasioned by carrying on any new works; and keys, etc. to be rebuilt: damages to be assessed by a jury. Saving of rights to the lord bishop of Durham, and others. Navigation to be free. Limitation of aptionsf

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, i

Persons seized of estates in their own right, or in right of their wives, of 30l. per ann. in the said hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, and justices of the peace redding the rein, and all rectors and vicars, usually resident therein for months, and occupiers of land, etc. of iool. per ann. resident there, to be guardians of the poor, within the hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, and incorporated.

Women to act by proxy. Corporation not to hold lands for more that! five years. Poor to continue under the law of the churchwardens and overseers as they now are, until a house be provided for their reception

Children may be apprenticed by the guardians. Justices may, grant re dref8 to children misused. Children may be di fluffed to their parents and friends. First meeting to be four weeks after the passing of the act, and to choose by ballot twenty-four directors. Qualifications of directors; 8ol. per ann. in one of the said hundred?, or 6ol. there, and 40l. in some other hundred. Persons seized of 300l. per ann. or heirs apparent to 600l. to at as directors. Officers to continue in office only during pleasure. Directors and guardians, at the first meeting, to deliver in their qualifications. Penalty on directors acting, not being qualified,

50l. Power to elect three directors not qualified. Officer to account and pay the balance*Officer not accounting to be committed. Balance of money in hand at receiver's death, to be paid by his executors, etc.

Directors may contract for lauds and buildings. Incapacitated persons empowered to sell lands, etc. Director may enclose thirty acres of*waste; and, if no agreement can be made, may cause the value to be ascertained by a jury. Penalty on ffieriff, jurymen, etc. making default,

10l. Directors empowered to exchange lands in certain cases, but not more than fifty acres; and those taken in exchange to be deemed freehold, and those given in exchange according to their former tenure

Accounts to be delivered to the directors of lands and tenements givert for the benefit of the poor. Such lands and tenements may be let, etc. by the directors and guardians, with content of the churchwardens, etc.

May be let or sold by five directors, on four weeks notice in the Norwich newspapers. No director concerned in the letting or selling such lands, etc. shall be interested in any leaie or contract. Moneys arising by letting or foie, to be paid to the treasurer, and to be applied according to the direction of the donor of the lands, and the surplus distributed to the most meritorious poor. Aftey purchase completed, paflefiion shall be delivered to purchasers, Directing an allowance to be made to the parishes for town houses let or sold, at 5 percent per ann. for future rates. Money hereafter left for the poor, without any particular direction, is to be distributed to the poor of the parish 5 and overfecra to forfeit treble value, if misapplied. Houses, etc. to be purchased, to be free of all parochial, county, or parliamentary taxes, except such as they were assessed at before the act. Directors to erect or provide necessary buildings for the reception of aged or infirm persons; for children unable to work; another separate for the poor that are able to work, and working rooms; another for an infirmary for the sick; another separate for lunatics; also a chapel, and other necessary buildings; to be called The House for the Poor of the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing; and also to inclosie a burial ground, and may alter and enlarge the same, and to keep them in repair: the expencea to be defrayed by money arising by virtue of the act. Persons obstructing the erection of such buildings, deemed guilty of felony. Seven directors to superintend the buildings Power to get materials for building. For obtaining a supply of water, may enter any lands adjoining; but not to deprive any other house or lands of their water. Penalty of injuring the drains, etc. 19i, and not left than 40ft Recqmpence shall be made.

4t

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. t 1785.

for damages. Directors to furnish the house, and provide materials for employment of the poor, etc. The house to be built and furnished by contract. When the house is finished, a general meeting to be calied, and the vackhdy of directors filled up. Acting guardians to be appointed yearly, On the first Tuesday after the fifth of July. Power to make bylaws. bylaws to be approved at the quarter sessions. Meetings annually oti the first Ttiefday after the jth. of July, ioth. of October, 5th. of January, and the 5th. of April, at the house For the poor. Choice of director, guardians and frearuref. At other quarterly meetings may fill up vacancies of directors and guardians. Division of directors and guardians iri quarterly committees. That the weekly or quarterly fiieetings.may be altered, and they may divide themselves ih tb committees for each month. Penalty of aos. for non attendance of dife£for, and ios; For a guardian. Power to relieve occasional poor. Poor fibt baring h legal settle then t within the said hundreds, to be re iretfed by a yxiftitt, or guardian, till able to be removed, and to be reim lfhffed by the directors, or guardians, and they by the overseers of the parish where such person settled; and if the poor person die before ex attilnatioil, tbdehiilg settlement, to be buried at the expense of the guardians and directors. Children becoming chargeable to the parishes, shall be received into the house, nurtured, and put out by the guardians. Not to afftdl the settlement of any person. Sic. For punishing idle and difotderty perfoflg, able but unwilling to work as by the ad of 17 Geo. 3. chuffcft Wardens or overseers neglecting to make complaint thereof, to be fined. The husband or father of poor persons to assist in maintaining the m. Guardians may apprehend idle persons refilling to Work. Accounts to be settled and allowed at each quarterly meetings Nine to cofiftltute a quarterly meeting; four of which shall be director. Directors may borrow money, but not more that 15, 0001. in several films bf rool. each, and assign the rates as a security. Alignments tramfer rsbie. Power to raise 6, oobl. by annuities. Annuities may be transferred: Power to raise money by a scheme of survivorship, at not more than 5 percent. No contributor to advance less than 50l. Assessmentg to be ihade at yearly and general quarterly meetings. Deficiencies to see made goodbye a re assessment. Assessments not to exceed the poor rates oft ah average of seven years. Churchwardens and overseers may make assessments for other purposes. Houses and lands usually rated to continue chargeable. Churchwardens and overseers to attend first meeting, bring their books, and leave them with directors. For want of books and fates, to a fiefs at their difefetion. Churchwardens and overseers to aid and assist directors and guardians in execution of this act. Penalty ort default, 5). Every director and acting guardian, failing in his duty of holding quarterly meeting, to forfeit 5l. Directors and acting guardians migrant certificates with the persons Who shall remove. An cehificatei'"to be delivered to the directors. Penalty of 40s. on dverfters, C ftfffering persons to reside Without certificate, or not informing directors of litfgle v*6meri fufpbcted to be with child. Parishes Jidble 16 maintain such paupers as shall, by such neglect, gain settle ntents. Bonds of indemnity against bastards, already giveh toparish officers to be delivered to the officers of the directors and acting; guardians; and the corporation may file thereon in their own name and all future bonds to be their property. Churchwardens and over feefs, to be ordered by a fustice to find work for the poor, Or make shem a weekly allowance in the mean time; which is to be reimbursed Out of the parish rates, over and above the money to be raised By this act. A governor and matron to be appointed; a surgeon or apothecary; £ clergymen and schoolmaster. Such poor as shall misbehave, or be guilty of arly vice or immorality, may be inflicted by order of the di fedbrs and acting guardians, at Weekly meetings, viz. if a child Under it years of age, by moderate correction, or abatement Of diet, of di ftihction in dress and diet; above that age, by foiitafy confinement, ibkfeftlent of diet, or distinction in dress 6r diet or by putting id the ftccks, for not more than two hours for one ofibnee* or to be fed with

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

bread and water only, not more than twenty tour hours. The apparel of the poor to be the property of the guardians and corporation; and fdr purloimng? Selling, pawning, or carrying away, kny materials, furniture or implements of work, or other their effects, or any apparel, or running away without leave, may be apprehended by justices warrant, and committed to hard labour for not more than twenty-one frays, nor less than five days, and to be whipped privately; and for the feoond offence, to be punished as if convicted of petit larceny, Persons receiving ftqlen goods and clothes to forfeit not more than iol. nor lets than 40 s. to be levied by distress and side of goods; and if no goods, to be committed' to hard labour not less than seven days, nor more than three Calendar months. Governor and officers, for purloining, embezzling, 6r wilfully misapplying any money, or goods, or damaging any materials, or implements of work, utensils, goods, and chattels, belonging to the fatft corporation, to be discharged from their offices and pay tot, and treble the value of fuel) money or goods, e. to be levied by distress and sale of goods, in the same manner as overteers of the poor by this at, and applied to the use of the poor of the house; and if ho distress found, to be committed to the house of correction for not left than one, nor more than six calendar months. Directors and guardians may at as justices. Power to indices to proceed in all cases, not otherwise provided for in this at. Encouragement to be given to the industrious out of the profits of their work, at the discretion of the diredfors, C and to the governor and matron in office. Profits of the work to go in aid of the rates. The poor may be hired out to harvest or other work. Justices to settle differences between them and people employing the m. Directors may contract for employment of the poor. Pef*» fons contracting with the corporation not to act as guardians.; hdut*s of work limited to ten hours a day, and to be allowed not less than fix'i'nor more than twelve days every year for recreation; and parents and relations may have access to the poor at all proper times, except meal times. Guardians to pay their own experices. Majority to determine' all questions. Directors, Sic. May appoint fp^cial edri tables. Governor may execute warrants. Ptini foment On conveying fplritpous liquors into the house, the same as by 24 Geo. ». C 40. for conveying spirituous liquors into gaols. If ten guardians seized together of effates of the annual value of 6, 0001. assembled at a general quarterly meeting, desire a general meeting, on three weeks notice in Norfolk newspapers; and in case they then prove any mismanagement or abaft of trust in the present directors and aiftfng guardians, others may be ehofen by the rules in the act. Penalties audfoffeitures edming to the hands of any churchwarden, overseer, or constable, to be accounted for to the treasurer, and applied to the use of the.cprporation, as judged proper. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress ind sale of goods, and paid 'to the treasurer, and the overplus returned to the owner; and if no distress found/the offender to be committed for ndt ihord than t, wo months, or till paid. Money borrowed on securities may be discharged on six months notice by lot. That notice shall be given of paying of the money. In case of ref Ufa! to receive the same, interest to cekft. Three months notice bo be given. This act not. to extend to the parifo of North Waltham. Residence in North Walfoam no disqualification to be director or guardian. Appeal allowed against guardians nd directors as against justices of the peace. Expenses of this act to, be paid first, Limitation of actions

The' SCHEDULE to which this A refers

Form of mortgage upon the rates for relief of the poor within the hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, for securing the money borrowed, and the interest thereof.

E. being. of the formof

directors and acting guardians of the poor within the hundreds mortgage.

of

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C

of Tunstead and Happing, in the fcounty of Norfolk, by authority of ad act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his male fry King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poof within the said hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, at a meeting afr sembled, of which the said, is chairman, held

under the said act, at ori thfi day of

one thousand fevrin hundred and do hereby mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the said hundreds, under the description of poors rates, by the said act with the payment of the sum of which

hath proposed and agreed to lerid; and hath now actually advanced and: paid, towards the expense of bqilding a house or houses for the reception of the poor of the said hundreds, and otherwise carrying the said act into execution; and we do hereby confirm and establifk the said mortgage and charge hereby made, unto the said his executors, administrators, and assigns, for securing the repayment of the said sum of and interest for the same, 'after the rate of per centum per arinum, and do order the

treasurer to the said directors and acting guardians to pay the interest half yearly, as. the same shall become due, until the principal shall be discharged, pursuant to the direction of the said act

L S.)

Form of charges on the poors rates for securing the annuitieb.

WE, cas in the form of a mortgage] do hereby, in confidefa tien of the sum of which

hath proposed and agreed to pay, and hath now actually paid, towards defraying the expense of building the said house or houses, and of otherwise carrying the said act into execution, charge and make chargeable all the rates raised for relief of the poor within the said hundreds under the ad now in being, with the payment, to the said his executors, administrators, and assigns, of one annuity

or yearly sum of for the terra of

years, [or, the life of the said as the case may

require]; and we do hereby confirm and establish the said annuity or yearly sum unto the said his executors, administrators,

and assigns, and do order the treasurer to the said directors and acting guardians to pay the said annuities or yearly sum half yearly, as the same shall become due, pursuant to the directions of the said act.

Form of agreement and mortgage by way of tontine.

Tontine TT eereas A bed. have agreed with the directors and ad mortgage. VYING guardians of the poor within the hundreds; of Tunstead and Happing, in the county of Norfolk, to advance jointly and togethert towards carrying on the building of a house or houses for the reception of the said poor, under an act of the twenty-fifth of his majesty King George the Third, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the said hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in shares of each, by loan, at legal interest, and in the nature of a tontine, with benefit of survivorship; and have actually advanced the same, and have also mutually agreed amongst themselvesj that the interest of the said sum so advanced by the said parties shall, as it becomes due, be paid to, and distributed equally share and (bare alike, amongst them the fair joint partners; and the survivors or survivor of them shall be entitled to, and receive the full amount of the interest of the above principal sum, during his [or her, or their] natural life or lives, after which time the said principal and interest shall fink into and become a part of the flock of the said directors and acting guardians: now we the said directors and acting guardians do confirm and establish the said tontine, and*. do

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.

do charge all the rates raised for the relief, of the poor within the said hundreds, by authority of the said, or Of any Jaws now in being, with the payment of the said interest fof and during the natural lives or life of the said A.B. C D. and the survivors or survivor of them, and direct our treasurer to pay the said interest half yearly, in the manner and to the persons above mentioned*

Form of transfer.

IDO transfer this security, with all my right and title to the principal money hereby secured, and to all interest now due, or hereafter to be due, unto C D. his executors, administrators, and assigns.

Dated this day of

witnesse. F. >: A.B.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for opening an easy and commodious communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the country southward; also from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty on the north, and for enabling trustees to purchase lands, houses, and areas for that purpose; for widening and enlarging the streets of the said city, and certain; avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the university; enlarging the public markets, and communications thereto for regulating certain taxes; for lighting the said city; for providing an additional supply of water; for extending the royalty of the said city.; and for levying an additional sum of money for Statute labour in the middle district of the county of Edinburgh.

recital of a6 Geo. a. C 36. and 7 Geo. 3. c. 17. Trustees For the uni verftty of Edinburgh and; south'bridge, the right honourable James Hunter Blair lord provost of Edinburgh, the right honourable Henry Dundas of Melville, the right honourable Hay Campbell lord advocate of Scotland sir William Forbes baronet of pit/ligo, Robert Macqueen of Braxfield esquire, one of the senators of the college of justice, Archibald M Dowal esquire, merchant and dean of the guild of Edinburgh, John Grieve esquire, merchant in Edinburgh Mr. William Jamieson^ mason and convener of the trades of Edinburgh, John Davidson esquire, writer to the signet, Niel m'viecar esquire, merchant in Edinburgh, and Jamea Brown esquire, architect. insedinburgh, for erecting such buildings in the university of Edinburgh as they shall think proper and for making the access from the High Street there to the country on the south; easy by a bridge over the Cowgate, and by streets, See. on the south side of the city. On death of trustees, new ones to be chosen. Meetings of trustees on the third Monday in June, fik or more to choose a presses, to continue a year, and have the catting vote. Trustees to bear their own expenses, and to meet four times a year. Lord proyost, magistraties* and town council, to form a, Commodious access from the Lawn Market to the west part of the netir extended royalty, 'by the mound or passage acfofs the North Loch tq.prince's Street; to enlarge the public markets, and make roads thereto, and to erect a bridge between the road to Leith and Galton Hill,: kcross. Calfcon Street, and bring into the city fresh water, C The city divided into two distri&sr one The Ancient Royalty; and the other The Extended Royalty, and the line of division to be the key stones of the middle arch of the bridge over the North Loch, 'running east to Trinity College church, and west to the north side of the cattle, in a line along the middle of the low ground, formerly the North Loch. Commissioners for lighting the streets of the Ancient Royalty named; and also of for lighting the streets of th Extended Royalty. Meetings of commissioners, or eight of them; for the ancierilroyalty in the council chamber of Edinburgh, and for the Extended Royal ity in Saint; Andrew, a; ehurc.hi each to criufe a coirf VOL. XXXV F vener.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1785.

vener, to catt meetings for the year, on ten days notice in newspapers. Five commissioners to go out of office annually, and others to be elected in their room. Commissioners shall go out of office by rotation, as they ft and on the roll, tjualification, possessing an house of 181* per ann. relit in the drftrift. Powers of trustees to make a bridge over the Colgate, and to agree with the owners and occupiers of houses and ground on the fonth side of the High Street, bounded by merlin's Wynd on the west, and niddry's Wynd on the east, and all houses and areas between the said Wynds to Cowgate on the south, and from thence to nicolfori's Street, particularly mentioned. All the present road leading from the Cowgate to College Street, through adam's Square, and twenty feet to the west of the said road; on the west side of which area, opposite the houses of George Buchan of Kello esquire, lord president or the court of session, Alexander Farquharson and Robert Chalmers esquires, no building to be erected, except a wall six feet high; all houses and grounds from professor hamilton's house to the Infirmary Ground, bounded by College, or Infirmary Street, on the north, and the infirmary ground on the east; all houses, C from the corner of Cowgate, and the west side of aitken's Close, in a line south, sixty feet eastwatd from the centre of lady nicolson's piliar, and west in a line to a point forty feet west ward, and from the said point in a line parallel, till it meet the town wall, and as much more ground as is necessary to form a road parallel to the town wall forty feet wide, in a line from lady ni eolfon's pillar sixty feet eastward; and for all houses, grounds, and areas on the south'side, and fronting High Street, one hundred and fifty feet west ward from the west wall to Tron Church, and from the west end of the said line southward two hundred feet in a parallel line with merlin's; Wynd, apd from thence eastward to merlin's Wynd, and from the south or the said space to the Cowgate, including the wed.side of merlin's Wynd, and both fides of peeble's Wynd, and the timber house east of niddry's Wynd, fronting High Street. For making satisfaction to John Adam esquire, for the damage that may be done to ftis house. For making satisfaction to Thomas Carnegie esquire, for damages respecting the ground, to open the communication, C Powers of trustees to make a proper communication to the southward of said bridge; and to purchase houses and grounds necessary for the above purpose. Where proprietors refuse to sell their houses or grounds, a jury to be summoned. Witnesses may be examined on oath. Verdict of jury, C to be final. Fines to be imposed on jurymen br witnesses making default. By whom the expences of juries shall be born. purchase moneys awarded are to be tendered to the party, and if refused, paid into the bank of Scotland, or into the royal bank of Scotland. After such payments, trustees may pull down houses; C Moneys paid for damages to be settled to the uses the premises taken were settled. For registration of feafines.and renunciations. i Geo. a. C aa. Regulations relative to houses insured in the Edinburgh Friendly Insurance. Policies may. be. transferred to other houses of equal value. Trustees may, by public roup, dispose of useless ground. Moneys arising thereby, C to be applied towards the purposes of the act. Trustees to keep a record of their proceedings, and regular accounts. In case of surplus of money; to he applied towards paving nicolson's Street, and buildings in the uni verftty of Edinburgh. In case the funds are deficient, 10 percent, on the valued relit may be levied; but no more. If not paid within eighteen months, trustees may levy the same. For rebuilding the university. nieolfon's Street, and the cross streets leading thereto, and the roads on the fides of the triangular piece of ground belonging to the heirs of lady Nicolson, deemed public streets. The lord proyost, magistrates, and town council, empowered to make a commodious access from the Lawn Market to the new extended royalty; and to make a road by the north side of the cattle; and to make a bridge over the Caltort Street, powers vetted in the magistrates and town council. Lord proyost, X to have no; plaim on any person on account of damages by making the purchases. Powers of of for lighting the said city, Rates all

- ftt

178*} Anno vicesimo quinto geor(3ii tll C 29* 67

percent, on the valued relit. Rates may be levied by di ft refs and fate of goods in three diys by public auchtfn. Houses of 3?. per ann. exempted A collector and clerk tc( be appointed by the of of each district. Commissioners riiay coritraft for lamps and lighting. Collectors to account annually, Money raised bjf the commissioners for lighting streets. Commissioners to defray their own expenses. An additional supply of water to be brought into the city. Sheriff depute of the county empowered to determine any dispute relative thereto.

Persons aggrieved by the sheriff, may apply to the court of session. Limitation of appeal in twenty days. The said sheriff empowered to f 11 Trillion a jury to ascertain damage done to grounds by. bringing in said Water. Jurors may be challenged: Sheriff depute to order payment of Aims awarded, and to enforce verdicts of invies. On failure of a supply of water, heritors may purchase springs, CC at or near Over Libberton, before June 24, 1788* Heritors may prosecute suits in that behalf, magistrates^&c. for neglect of bringing spring water in twelve months, ti forfeit their right to the springs, and the same are vested in the heritors of the eight districts south of Edinburgh. Land tax to be rated on all houses in the extended royalty, C stent masters to be appointed, tp value the relit of houses, eland tax to be levied as by law respecting Scotland. Proprietors to be answerable for collectors. Valua'tiens of relit settled by arbitration to be final. Impowering the magistrates of Edinburgh to appoint ftent masters, in case the present ftent ibafters do not act. Duties payable to the city on wines, spirits, mum, and beer, and other liquors, to be continued on vintners, taverns, or inns, and on public-houses, and in the city of Edinburgh, or the royalty or liberties thereof, in the parish of St. Cuthberts, south and north Leith, and Canongate; and to be payable in nicolforis Street, etc. Said duties to be taken off private families. An additional sum of one percent, to be levied on the valued relit of, houses. For levying an additional sum for Statute labour in the middle cjiftrict. The royalty extended over five acres of the lands of Broughton, purchased of the heirs of John Dickson of Kilbucho esquire; and one acre one rood and eleven fklla belonging to the right honourable James Montgomery, lord chief baron of the Exchequer in Scotland, and other trustees, for building a repository for the records of Scotland, who by their charter, dated;

Jtitie i6, 1776, are bound to pay a proportionable part of the taxes and p'iiblick burden £ botifes to be 'built thereon liable to city rates. extension of the royalty subject to the provisions of 7 Geo. 3. c. 27.

Powers to drain the meadow on the south side of the city. Reservation of rights in the eight districts. Not to infringe the act of ip Geo. 3. in f e&atrd to the south districts, and the rights of the city of Edinburgh reserved. Continuance of this atft to January 1, 179$, and no longer.

[Public act.]

Saving the rights of the college of justice. Expenses of this atto be paid one third by the lord provost for the city, another third by the trustees for building the bridge over the Cowgate, and the other third by the commissioness for lighting the streets.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty third year of his present Majests reign entitled

An for authorising the treasurer of the navy to pay to the ' garrison and naval department at Gibraltar > the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships of war taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

[Preamble.]

ftthereas by an act, made in the jwenty third year of

V y the feign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for au 13 Geo. 3. horifing the treasurer of the navy to pay to the garrison and C 16. recited.

F 2 naval

68 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. £9* [-1785.

twas department at Gibraltar, the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his majesty's ships of war taking or deft roying ships of war belonging to the enemy), it is, among other things, enabled That the Commissioners of his Majestfs navy pall, and they are thereby authorised end required (upon proof'made to, the J'atisfaflion of the said of, by certificates or otherwise, of the number of men living on board the said Spanfth ships of war at the time of the attack and surrender of them respectively), to make out bills for the amount of the said bounty, directed to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, to be divided amongst the officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, within and belonging to the said garrison and naval department, at the respective times aforesaid, in such manner, and in such proportions, as his Majesty Should graciously please to order, direct, i and appoint $ and the treasurer of the navy was thereby author ifedand required to pay all such bills, according to the course of the navyj to the said officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, or to such agent or agents as they Should authorise or appoint to receive the same: and whereas, besides the bounty money given by the said act, ajid received by the agent or agents appointed by the late garrison and naval department of Gibraltar, to receive and distribute the farnej thf said agent or agents have received, and are likely to receive, under and by virtue of the like appointment, further sums to aconsiderable. amount; which further sums are or may be distributable to and amongst the officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines of the fold garrison, as prize money, 'in such or the like pares and proportions as the] ffidf.bounty money fas' keen distributed, or is distributable: and Whereas the distribution of such pari>of the said bounty money and prize 'money, as bath been allotted toimd remains to be distributed,: and pall hereafter be allotted to, and difir ibut able' among, the officers) and soldiers of such of t$ejbritift\ regiments and royal artillery, whicj formed part of the said garrison, and are fiill fubfifiing corpse may t be greatly facilitated if the prize agent or agents, appointed as aforesaid, were authorised to pay the same over to the agents for the time) being of the said British regiments and royal artillery, m order that the same may be paid and distributed by them to and among such of he officers and soldiers of the said corps as are entitled to receive the famemay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cotffent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and Commission by the authority of the same, That the secretary' at war the rrs appointed governor of Chelsea Hospital, and the adjutant general of his account of majesty's forces for the time being, together with the present bounty mo governor and lieutenant governor of Gibraltar, shall be, and ney, etc. with they, are hereby appointed of for the inspecting, prize agents, examining, and settling of all accounts of such bounty money and prize money, with the prize agent or agents who have received, or shall hereafter receive, all or any part, of the said bounty money and prize money, and for directing the future distribution of the said bounty money and prize money, as it a shall.

6g

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. igl

shall, from time to time, come to the hands of the said prize agent or agents; such distribution nevertheless being always to be made in such and the like shares and proportions, as have been heretofore settled and observed with respect to the said bounty money and prize money already received and distributed, unless his Majesty shall think fit to order any variation in the same.

II And) for the better enabling the said of to infp 'efi and examine such accounts, and to order such distribution to be made in future; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Prize agents prize agent or agents who now are, or hereafter shall be ap deliver to pointed, by the officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, of the liners*said garrison of Gibraltar, to receive their several shares of bounty counts of money or prize money, which hath already been, or shall at their receipt any time hereafter be allotted and distriburable to and amongst aild disburse them as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, within one ca menth> lendar month after the passing of this act, and once in every three months after the expiration of the said calendar month, to deliver to the said of, and each of them, a true and perfect account in writing of his and their receipts and disbursements of the said bounty money and prize money, and of::

the balance remaining in his or their hands, distinguishing such money as shall be then in a course of distribution, from such money whereof no distribution shall have been then diretf ed; which account the said of are hereby authorised and required to inspect and examine; and it shall and may be lawful for them to demand, and the said prize agent or agents is and are hereby required, from time to time, to furnifti to them, and each of them, such further information as may be necessary, by production of any books, papers, or vouchers, in his or their custody or possession, relating to the said bounty money or prize money.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or commission a majority of them, after inspection and examination of such ers may order accounts as aforesaid, from time to time, as they shall see fit qfdbountution and reasonable, to order, by writing under their hands and seals, money, Itc. a distribution, by the said prize agent or agents, of the whole in the bands or any part of such bounty money or prize money, as shall have of agents, come to his or their hands, and of which a distribution shall not before have been made by the said prize agent or agents, on such day or days as they shall think proper; which order of the said of shall, and is hereby declared to be binding upon the said prize agent or agents, who shall forthwith proceed to make a distribution accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or commission a majority of them, from time to time, if they shall see fit, by ers impo^er writing under their hands and seals, to authorise and direct the said prize agent or agents to pay over to the regimental agent agents to pay Pf agents for the time being, of such of the said British regi to the regis

5 ments mental a

7° Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1785.

gents, etc. ments and royal artillery as are (till subsisting corps and to the,

such shares of persons who were on the thirteenth day of Septcriilcr, one thou bounty mori CL _: ^iig.'

tie etc as even hundred and eighty-two. Colonels or eotniiianding

shall hereafter officers of British regiments at Gibraltar, which have since been

remain m their hands.

reduced or disbanded, or to such agent or agents as shall be appointed by the said colonels or commanding officers respectively, for the purpose of their being distributed by such regimental agent or agents, colonels or commanding officers, or their agent or agents respectively, as aforesaid, to and among the officers and soldiers of such subsisting and disbanding corps respectively, all and every the shares of such bounty money or prize money, which shall at any time or times hereafter be or remain in the hands of the said prize agent or agents under or in a course of distribution, including in such payment to such regimental agent or agents, all and every the shares of such officers, non commissioned officers, and soldiers, as were a part of the said still subsisting corps whilst on service at Gibraltar but who may since have died, quitted, or been discharged from the same, after deducting from all and every such payment or payments as aforesaid the usual allowance of five pounds per con- turn, by way of commission on such bounty money and prize mopey so received and paid by him or them as aforesaid; and the receipts or acquittances which shall from time to time be tobeaccepted given, by the said regimental agent or agents, colonels, or comas vouchers of manding officers, or their agent or agents respectively, as afore

Ueceipts of regimental agents, etc

payment.

Commissioners not to direct commanding officers to receive such

said, to the said prize agent or agents, shall he, and shall, in the settling and allowance of the accounts to be rendered by the said prize agent or agents, with the said of, or the major part of them, be accepted and received as good and Efficient vouchers for all and every such payment and payments as aforesaid.

V Provided always, and it is hereby also enabled. That the said of shall not authorise or direeft the said colonels or commanding officers of British) regiments, or their agent or agents respectively, to receive from the said prize agent or agents any part of the shares so due as aforesaid, unless upon u^on^thdr^application previously made to them by such colonel or com rtquest, 1 etc. manding officer requesting such authority or direction; nor unless such colonel or commanding officer, or his or their agent or agents respectively, shall also, previously to his or their receiving such authority and diretfion, give full and ample fecu jity to the satisfaction of the said of, or a majority of them, for the due and faithful distribution of such moneys fa'directed to be paid to them as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, J; f. That, from and after the first day of January one thousand fpvcrl hundred and eighty eight, no claim or claims/shall be admitted or received by the said prize agent or agents, nor by the said regimental agents, nor by the said colonels or commanding officers, his or their agent or agents respectively, or any of them, to any share or shares of the said bounty money or prize money, unless the said of, or a majority

bounty money, et, C to be received, without content of commissionerg.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

of them, shall seq good reason to declare a further day for receiving and admitting suchor claims; in which case the said of, or a majority of them, may, by writing under their hands, fix a further day, riot exceeding twelve months after the said sir ft day of January y one thousand seven hundred and eighty eighty for receiving and admitting such claims. j LVII

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the time by this at limited, or to be limited by authority thereof, for receiving and admitting such claims as aforesaid, shall be expired, the said prize agent or agents, and also the said regimental agent or agents, and the said colonels or commanding officers, his or their agent or agents respective ly, in case any of the said bounty money or prize money shall have been paid to them, or any of them, by virtue of any of the directions and provisions contained in this act, shall, within three months after the expiration of the time so limited or to be limited as aforesaid, deliver to each of the said of an exact account in writing, attested upon oath, which oath the said of, or a majority of them, are hereby autho lifed and required to administer, of all receipts and disbursements, and of all money remaining in their hands, custody, or power respectively, for or on account of the shares unclaimed of such bounty money and prize money, or on any other account; and shall also produce and shew to the said of, or the major part of them, and verify the same upon oath, if thereunto required, all books, papers, and vouchers, necessary or material for explaining the said accounts; and shall pay and deliver, or cause to be paid and delivered, to such of, or a majority of them, all such money remaining in his or their hands respectively, taking from the said of, or such majority of them, their acquittance or acquittances for the same, which acquittance or acquittances is and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual; anything in any former law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, hereby directed to deliver all or any of the accounts so required to be delivered and verified, upon oath as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to deliver all or any such account or accounts to the said of herein before mentioned, or a majority of them, within the time before limited and appointed in manner and form as is herein before mentioned and required; or who shall neglect or refuse to pay and deliver over, within ten days after the settling of such accounts, all and every such sum or sums of money as shall remain fct his or their custody, power, or possession, after settling such accounts as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above such money then in his or their hands respectively; one third part whereof shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two thirds to the royal hpfpitai at Chelsea, to be recovered by the treasurer

Prize agents, etc. within a limited time, to deliver to each commissioner an account of all receipts and disbursements, etc. relative to bounty and prize money;

and all such money remaining in their hands.

Persons neglecting to deliver accounts, and to pay the b; lance.

shall forfeit 1001.

n

If any fraud shall be com

to fprfeitiool.

Money ari sin g from unclaimed and forfeited

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c.

[1785.

for the time being of the said royal hospital, witk costs of fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, of information, ija any of his majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any fraud, collusion, or deceit, 'shall be witting or wilfully made, used, com

ingletc.^of3*mitted, permitted, done, or suffered, in making, dating, or said accounts, balancing, any such accounts so to be verified upon oath as the offender aforesaid, then all and every person or persons, who shall be thereof duly convicted, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over and above the penalties inflicted by this acts, the sum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, one other third to the use of the said, royal hospital at Chelsea, and the other third to the informer who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such money as shall arise from the unclaimed shares of such bounty money or prize money, or otherwise, which shall be

shares, how to received by the said of, or a majority of them, upon bs applied, settling such accounts as aforesaid, shall (after deducting such charges and expenses as shall seem reasonable to the said of) be, as to so much thereof as may arise from the unclaimed shares of the soldiers, by them immediately paid over to the treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the time being; and so much thereof as may arise from the forfeited and unclaimed shares of the seamen and marines, be by them immediately paid over to the treasurer of Greenwich 'Hospital, who shall, and are hereby respectively authorised to give them a full and complete discharge for the same and the said money, when so received by the said respective treasurers, shall by them be carried to the credit, and shall be applied to the use and benefit of the said hospitals respectively; thing in an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to amend an act, made in the laf session of parliament, entitled. An act for the encouragement of seamen and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty's navy; and for making further provisions for those purposes), to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. And whereas a great number of brass and iron ordnance, anchors, cables, and other sores, have been fished up from the ruins or ivreck of the Spanish battering ships which were defrayed on the late etc. fhhrrf no attack Gibraltar, to a c&nfderable amount in value; be it enact % °th^eru, 'nb e<^' That ail sums of money which have arisen, or shall here hatteringam*a^rer are from the sale of such ordnance, anchors, cables, and ships, how to stores'have already been, or shall hereafter be fished up bedisposedof. from the ruins py wreck of the said battering ships, within three

ttq Geo. 3.

C 23.

Ordnance,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. fc. 30. 73

years from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be divided amongst the said garrison and naval department vjho were present at Gibraltar on the ever memorable day, the thirteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, in such shares and proportions as the said bounty money has been ordered to be divided, un jess his Majesty shall be plea fed to make any. variation in the said division.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said commission Expenses of ers, or a majority of them, shall and may order the expenses this a how of passing this act, and such expenses as shall rise in carrying to

the same into execution, to be paid from time to time by the said prize agent or agents, out of such bounty money or prize money as shall be in his or their hands, of which a distribution shall not have been declared, and shall allow to the said prize agent or agents, on settling his or their accounts, such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have paid by virtue of, and in compliance with such order or orders as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Part of3

hereby in part recited act of the twenty-third year of his present Gco 3* C 16. Majesty, and of the before mentioned act of the twentieth year c4re?eaud* of his present majesty's reign, as can or may extend to make the said prize agent or agents, appointed by the said garrison

and naval department of Gibraltar in any manner accountable to the treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, his deputy or deputies, agent or agents, in respect of any bounty money or prize money due or belonging to the said garrison and naval department, which has or may hereafter come to the hands of the said prize agent or agents, shall, and is hereby declared to be utterly repealed and made void.

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on shops within Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, in order to raise the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this section of parliament, have resolved to grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present prom, j parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, I7g5> the^fol from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hiin lowing duties dred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, and paid unto shall be paid his Majesty hi heirs and successors, throughout greatbritain^' [hrou ho>pt8 goofi every house, or pth^r building, npvv or hereafter to be Great Britain,

erected, via. '

for Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1785.

ere&qd, any pet of which shall for the time being be used as a (fiop, publicly kept open for carrying on any trade, or for selling any goods, wares, or merchandise, by retail, and upon every building or place used as a (hop only, for the purposes before mentioned, a yearly duty according to the several and respective rates following; (that is to say).

From the For every such house, or other building or place, of the

__ye^riy relit c)r value of five pounds, and under ten pounds, the

in^he yearly sum of sixpence in the pound of such relit or value:

pound: For every such hpuse, or other building or place, of the

10l. to 15l. — yearly relit or value of ten pounds, and under fifteen pounds, 1 s. in the the yearly sum of one shilling in the pound of such relit or pound: value:

15l. to aol. — is. 6d. in the pound:

aol. to ajl. n is. 9d. in the pound:

L and upwards, as. in the pound.

For every such house, or other building or place, of the yearly relit cm value of fifteen pounds, and under twenty pounds, the yearly sym of one shilling and sixpence in the pound of such relit or value:

For every such house, or other building or place, of the yearly relit or value of twenty pounds, and under twenty-five pounds, the yearly sum of one shilling and nine pence in the pound of such relit or value:

And for every such house, or other building of place, of the yearly relit or value of twenty^five pounds and upwards, the yearly sum of two Shillings in the pound of such relit or value:

The above duties to be paid in addition to those granted by 6 Geo. 3. C 38;

19 Geo. 3. c. 59.

and 24 Geo. 3

C 38.

First nflcffr tnrrit for tmee quarters, etc,

Which said yearly rates and duties shall be assessed and paid in manner herein after expressed.

1, 1. And be it further enacted, That the said several yearly duties, so charged as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition to the respective duties charged by an al, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and by another at, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the lost session of parliament and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act; and also for amending so much of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and by another a, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited hovfes; and upon the importation of cocca nuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the first assessment of the said duties so hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be made for three quarters of 3 year, from the fifth day of July, Questhousand

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. 9.50. 75

sand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards that, th assessment of the said duties.'shall be made for one whole year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several duties Duties to be by this act granted as aforesaid, shall be paid quarterly on the paid quar four following days of payment in the year; (that is to say), terly»

the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said duties, granted by the occu by this act as aforesaid, shall be charged only upon the inhabi piers, fants or occupiers for the time being of the houses, buildings,

or places hereby charged, or their respective executors, or administrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who shall have let or demised the same, except in the case herein after mentioned; any covenant 6r agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this act, relative to the payment of any duties imposed, or to be imposed on such houses, buildings, or places, or upon such inhabitants or occupiers in respect^ thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That where any house shall, Houses how by reason of having some part thereof used as a (hop, be liable to assessed. to any of the duties so by this act charged as aforesaid, such

house shall be assessed under this act at the same yearly relit or value as the same shall for the time being be assessed at, for and in respect of the duties on inhabited dwelling houses, by virtue of the said act made in the nineteenth year of his present majesty; and where any building or other place, not being subject to any of the duties on inhabited dwelling houses, shall, by reason of the whole or some part thereof being used as a (hop, be liable to any of the duties charged by this act, such building or place shall be assessed to the said duties under this act, according to the full yearly relit or value of such building or place.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Warehouses, warehouse, being a distinct and separate building, and not part in separate pr parcel of any (hop, place, or building, chargeable with any chargeable duty by this act, but employed solely for the purpose of lodg g*ing goods, wares, and merchandise, or for sale of goods by wholesale only, or carrying on some manufacture, although the same may adjoin to or have an internal communication with such (hop, place, or building, shall be charged with any of the duties hereby granted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in nor bakers this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any (hop, (hops etc house, or place, where bread, flour, meal, bran, and rubbles

only are made or sold.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any house, build Where houses ing, or place, liable tp any of the duties hereby granted, shall ?re

see divided into different apartments arpongst (eyeral occupiers, ap^tments

w.

the landlord to pay the duties.

Duties to be assessed and collected, etc according to the methods prescribed by

30 Geo. a.

C 3 5

C 4»5

ai Geo. ir. C 10;

*6 Geo. a. C 17;

3 t Geo. a. C 22;

a Geo. 3. c. 8;

and the acts of and 24 Geo. 3*.

made.36: [1785.

ftic* same shall be assessed as if the same was occupied by one peifeiri' or family only, and the landlord or owner of every such house, building, or place, shall be assessed as the occupier, and fllafl accordingly pay the duties hereby granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That the duties charged by this at as aforesaid, shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected'

'received by persons to be appointed by the same authority, nd shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in this act expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and di regions as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houses, and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An act for repeating the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windowsor lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act to enforce the execution, of an act of this feffort of parliament, for granting to his Majesty sever al rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act, made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, entitled. An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for the more effec tual levying' of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of great.britain called Scotland; and by an act made in the thirty*first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and penfeons'i and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to he charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights; and by the said herein before mentioned acts, made in the sixth, nineteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the same now remain in force, or are not altered by this act; and all the powers, authorities; rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, coftedling, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted? shall be in full force, and be duly observed, p radii fed, and

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 57

put in execution, throughout the wholejdogdom of great Brt^ tain, for the assessing, raising, )evying, "collectfog, and paying the several duties upon housejs, buildings, or places, by this act, granted, as fully and effectually, to all intepfs'and purposes, as the same are and( may be for Ithe assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging the rates'.andt duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, so far as 'the said poyvers, authorities, rules, and penalties are applicable hereunto, and not altered by this adh '.,: ,

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the moneys arising. Duties to He from the duties granted by this act (the n^ceflary charges of pai4into tjlc raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time exc e<*uer* to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at,

Westminster y and in the office, of the auditpf of: the said receipt,

there shall be provided and kepta^dook'ov.^ iri which all. t:

such^monies so paid into the said1'receipt pc

aforesaid, shall be emered. separate, aha^ % ^cffrw all \other and to be eu moneys paids and payable, to' lijs majesty, bialkeits arid; tpc.cefr ^dhor^e^ fors,; upon any account whatfe'eyer; jai. rhpbnjsp, so rate from ail

paid T; jh'^.a'i^jreceipt.pr, e otfefem.

pay merit 'of' die, ui ties, ' and ^tj] apjl' ex,

pencexas'are directed to be paid and pzjable, 'pursuant to/aiij act of this present fe$oh.'ia»Ah a & far.

granting, annuities to satisfy certain havfa vtsitauin^/and trapfaprtl itlh+and ordnance debentures. %: V.*

And; pe ijt further enacted, That fqr.an& in' eonmer^r: Allowance to tien'of the extraordinary care and pains requisitejn making; and?a5e?°n? f£r*r adjusing the firsta{fe(fment to be made. in, carrying' tins mn J a €

into execution, so far as respedis fuph buildings and places, as shall be assessed, without reference to theaffefiment of the duties* on inhabited dwelling houses, the assessorbrassessors flisfll Kayean* allowance for such'first afeflment of threepence for each hquse, building, or place, a fie (fed by him or them respectively; Had and received Trom the respective receivers general, their deputy pr deputies, who are hereby appointed and dbredied, to pay the same accordingly, and who shall be allowed the same in passing their accounts. f M

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better execu commission tien of this ad, and for the ordering, raising, levying, collect €rs* ing, and paying the duties hereby granted, the of authorised or'appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed hereafter for putting in execution the said herein before mentioned acts, concerning the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, shall be of for putting in execution this present a, and the powers therein contained, in all the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Great Britain and the said of, in order to the speedy exe Their fit ft cution of this act, shallj in their respective counties, shires, meting, etc. stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and* places,

J

If cotnmifli onere neglect ta meet at the times appointed, they may afterwards meet C

of not to at until they have taken the proper oaths.

Oath of qualification.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III.

places, for which they are or shall be appointed cdfchaljlipnersr respectively; meet For the first time on of before ti fifth day f July, one thousand seven Hundred and eighty five^jahji shall ih like manner meet yearly and every year, at such days or times as the said of for the time being (half think proper tb appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and ftlall then divide therhfelvefs to act in separate dmficfs, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for afleising, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in fuel; and the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the said before men tiotied acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties on houses, and windows or lights, thereby imposed, except in such cases III which art alteration s made by this act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if,

by any neglect or default, there foal! riot have been a meeting of the said commissioners, and a due execution of the several, powers hereby created; within or at the time or times, or according to the manner: or circumstances directed Or prescribed in and by this present act, t shall and may be lawful for the; faits c^tt; missioners, or any hvirp orin all the

courses; shirei, stewartries, ridirigs, cities, boroughs, cinque' poftsy towns, arid: places, in Great Britain respectively, Wherein; foefi default shall havr happened, to meet and execute, the said: powers at any other time or times, anything herein before' ctmtained to the contrary notwithstanding; and they are hefe;, by authorised and required*forthwith, or as soon as may be alf'tef the time or times 'at which such meetings shall have been Hdd, and such power?' Should have been executed according to the directions bf'this present act, to meet and execute the same, as That the said rates and duties charged by this t be duly and effectbally charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to His Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses in this act, V notwithstanding any such omission or desect; and all such meetings and a'cts of the said of, or ariy two or more of them, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person shall presume to act asa commissioner in the execution of this act ("except in adrriiniftering the oath of qualification here in after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oaths required to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, and windows or lights, by any of the acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following oath; (that is to say),

IA.B. do [wear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a cmmissioner, according to an all, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Third, for granting to his Majesty certain,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30.^9

tain duties on (hops within Great Britain; and will determine upon all appeals, which shall he brought before me under the said act, according to the beji of my skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the of, in the county, Shire, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made are hereby authorised to administer: and if any person shall act Penalty on as a commidioner of this acts (except as aforesaid) before he acting.before shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every of ^jngthe fence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissiorw Notice be ers shall cause notice" to be infer ted in the precepts to see from Siven in time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes thecappoint. or places within their respective districts or divisions, whotn ment of af - they shall think fit to be presentors or assessors under the said fefiors. before mentioned acts charging duties on houses, and windows or lights, pr.any of them, that such persons are.also appointed a Be (Tors, of the duties upon houses, buildings, and places, within this'aids.

XVII. Andy for the more effectually, levying and collecting the itu, ties imposed'by this act, be it further enacted, That \( at any: time there shall be a negleist to appoint afieffofs for the fqidj duties on houses, and windows or lights; or if the assessors p; pointed (halt neglect to perform what is required of: theth b this act, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, or the inspector or inspectors appointed or to be appointed under the authority of apy of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows pr lights, and they are hereby required to do or perform such and the like services as by. this act is required from such assessors; and the surveyors or irifpe&ors, ifj on the first: assessment under this act, they hall perform the duty of assessors, shall be entitled to the same reward as is hereby provided for the assessors for the said first assessment under this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person so appointed or to be appointeid iafleffor as aforesaid, or any surveyot or inspector hereby authorised to act as an assessor, shall, before he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (betides the oaths required to be taken by assessors by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, seeing one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe a folemri affirmation, in the following form:

On failure of appointment of assessors, C surveyors or inspectors to do their duty.

Assessor to take an oath, besides those appointed by former acts.

IA. b. dojwear, (or affirm, as the case may require, ), That in The oath, in the assessment which, by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, for granting to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain, ijhalt 'make upon the houses, buildings, and places, liable to any of the said

duties,

He; d by

- Of

i

Penalty on acting before taking the skid oath.

Duty of assessora.

Two commissioners to sign the af feflments.

vijcegmo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1785.

duties, within the district or parijfh for which I am appointed an af fifiof, I wtli fate each at the true annual valuer according to the best dftofjuigeinifttdnijktlh and that will truly and faithfully etie cute the trusts reposed in me by virtue of the said act:

V^'So help me GOD.

Whith oath or affirmation any two or more of the of in the County, Shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the said assessment is to be made, are hereby empowered and required to administer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person appointed or to be appointed assessor, or any surveyor or inspector hereby authorised to a as an assessor, shall presume to ain the execution of the said office or employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath, (unless such person shall be a Qtfaker, f and shall have made such affirmation as aforesaid) he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pound?.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such persons so appointed or to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, do and shall, before the tenth day of September, in this present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and in all future years be 'fofb the twenty-fourth day of June eifttmate and ascertain, ac > Chfding tdthe hest of their, (kill and judgement, the full and Ju(£ yearljr relit which every such building or place, hereby; Charged with 'atiyduty, within tyre limits and places for which. fodfi 'dffeffors'.are tb acts, and which is not already charged to Cfijd diity/on inhabited houses, is really and bona fide worth to brief, J and dp and shall make an assessment in writing of the diitf hereby imposed, according to such estimate or valuation. tiport the bcctf pier or occupiers of every such building or place, and do and shall, by writing under their respective hands, certify, the number of buildings and places respectively charged by Virtue of this a, which are not already charged to the duty ori inhabited houses, within the limits of such places as aforesaid, together with the rents estimated and ascertained as aforesaid, for or in respect of the same respectively, and the names of the several occupiers thereof respectively, and the several sums of money charged on, and payable by them, for or in respect of the same, by virtue of this act; and likewise do and shall, on or before the tenth day of September, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and in all future years on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in every yekr, dei fiver the certificates or assessments, to be made by them respectively as aforesaid, unto the said commissioners, or any two of more of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said of, to whom such assessments shall be delivered in pursuance bf this act, or any tvio of them, shall, within, the pace of one calendar month next after the receipt, of the same respectively

5 of

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c.gaj 81

Or, as foori after as conveniently may be, set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made in the meari time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, as is or are herein after mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and and tdap appoint two of the persons named in each of such assessments Point chilec«. to be collectors, or any other two such persons as they shall tors think able and responsible, for their respective divisions and places for which they shall be so presented, and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments so by them allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors for each year respectively, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect: and pay the duties hereby assessed4 and to give acquittances for the same; for whose paying unto the receiver-general, now or for the time being, appointed by his Majesty, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, or by the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, in the manner hereby directed, fucit money as they shall be charged with under this act, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall be answerable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and assessors and other places, being extra parochial, and not within the confta colle^ora blewicks or precincts of the respective assessors, to be appointed pointed in exl by virtue of this act, the said of, or any three or traparochiai more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate places.

and appoint two fit persons, living in or near the said privileged or other places as aforesaid, to be assessors for the said places; and to make and return their said assessments in like manner as by this act is appointed in any parish, tithing, or place; and also to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required to coilecl and pay the same, according to the rates appointed by this act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commifli Commissiori

oners, or any three or more of them, shall (trictly peruse the €£s to Peruse certificates or assessments which by this act are before directed ^ffments to be annually delivered to them, and also shall examine the

assessors and presentors thereof; and if the said of*

or any three of them, within their several limits or divisions shall, at the time of the delivery of such certificates or aflefit meats, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge, or cause to suspect, that any house, building, or place, or any part thereof, which ought to be charged by this act, is omitted in such certificates, or that any such house, building, or place, or any part thereof, is undercharged, or not duly charged according to the directions of this act, the said of, or and may fdmi any three or more of them, shall have power to summon the mon before person or persons occupying such house, building, or place, to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixed, of which be under three days notice at least shall be given; and if any person or rated;

Vol. XXXV G persons

Sz Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1785.

persons summoned shall neglect: to appear the said of may proceed to amend such assessments, and to charge such occupier with such rate as shall appear reafoqable from the evidence before them; and moreover, the said of, to whom such certificates or assessments shall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three of of the respective counties, shires, or stewartries, where such assessments shall be made, shall have power, and are hereby required, by all lawful ways and means, to examine and inquire into and concerning the annual value of any such house, building, or place as aforesaid, charged in or by any such assessment, or which shall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon and may cor to enlarge, "alter, abate, or diminish the said assessments, so to rest the affef be delivered to such of, to the end that such duty found to be may et anc upon every such house or tenement,

erroneous. according to the true intent and meaning of this act:; and the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, after such perusal and examination thereof, set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made thereto in the mean time, testifying their allowance of the same.

Duplicates of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissi assessments to 0ners, or any two or more of them, shall, from time to time e made ou. yearly^ cause true duplicates of such assessments as aforesaid to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such and the same manner, and at like times, as is directed by the aforesaid acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, with respect to the duplicates of the assessments therein mentioned.

What those

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in duplicates the said duplicates to be transmitted to the receiver general shall contain. an(j to the king's remembrancer, the number of (hops, buildings, and places, exclusive of those assessed from the assessmenfc on inhabited dwelling houses, shall be inserted, as well as the amount of the duties, in order to ascertain the money which the receivers general are directed by this act to pay to the assessors for the first year's assessment, at threepence each (hop, building, or place, not being assessed from the assessment on inhabited dwelling jhouses, and for the information of the proper officers, who are to allow the same in the receivers accounts, purveyors and

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every fur anfpedors to veyor or surveyors, and inspector or inspectors, appointed or to cffmrinc appointed under and by virtue of the several acts relative to

befortthey ^uties on houses, and windows or lights, herein before men are signed by tioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties thereby impof the commif ed, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to loners insped, examine, and supervise the assessments to be made in or for any such parish or place as aforesaid, before the commissi pners shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for fp doings and every person in whose custody any

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. 8i

such certificate or assessment shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or surveyors, or ipspector or inspectors, as aforesaid, to produce the same; and if any such If any omjjv surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, shall, after such n e assessment or assessments shall be so respectively made out, {^itbefup signed* and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or plied by a their survey, that any house, building, or place, or any part surcharge. thereof, which Should and ought to be charged with the duties hereby granted, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, such surveyor or surveyors, or in spe&or or inspectors, shall certify the same in writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of, on or before the sixteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the first quarterly payment which shall be due on the tenth day of October, in the same year, and thenceforward, and in every future year, at the same times they make their surcharges for the duties on houses and windows under the said acts here in before mentioned, in order to have such omifliori or underrate rectified in the said assessment; and the said commissionerg are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if ariy surveyor or If a surchargd

surveyors, inspector or inspectors, shall omit to make a surcharge j? thor

surcharges for the first half year, it shall and may be lawful ftrtoay bjear^ for the said surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors to made for a make a surcharge or surcharges for the whole year. year.

XXVIII And) for the better information of the commissioners appointed to carry this act into execution, and the surveyors and in jpeftors, and the persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, with respect to the annual relit or value of all houses, buildings, dr places ebarged by this act, and the better to enable them to perform their

duty; be it further enacted, That the said of, or aay Assessors, ete two of them and the said assessors, surveyors, and inspectors, or any one or more of them, or any person or persons authorised Sea parish1" by them, or any of them, shall have liberty to inspect and to rates. take copies of, or extracts from, any book or books kept by any parish officer or officers, or any other person or persons, of or concerning the rates for the maintenance of the pbor, or any other public taxes rates, or assessments, in any part of Great Britain within the limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any person or persons in whose custody or power any of Penalty oti the said books shall be shall refuse or neglect to permit the said refuting them inspection, or the copies or extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said of with their books when required so to do, then and in every such case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted That no house, building, Houses to bd r place, chargeable by this act as aforesaid, shall be estimated

Or rated at any left value yearly than that at which the same

G 3 (lands

84 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30# [1785.

(lands legally rated and assessed to the public rates, taxes, and assessments, or any of them, now subsisting, where such premises are charged by a pound rate, and according to the full annual value thereof respectively; and when such premises as aforesaid are charged by a pound rate, according to any proportionate part of the real annual value thereof respectively, the same shall not be estimated or rated for the purposes of this act at less than the full annual value upon which such proportions have been computed and taken as aforesaid.

Occupiersnot

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no occupier or oc to be charged cupiers of any house, building, or place, liable to any duty rates6&c°for c^arsec^ by lhls an any Parifa or place, shall be charged or the duties im assessed to the poor's rate or highway duty for or in respect of posed by this any rates or duties imposed and made payable by this act; but act. such owners and occupiers shall continue to be rated and assessed

to the poor's rate and highway duty, in such manner as they were rated and assessed to the said rates and highway duty respectively at the time of passing this act, anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Payment of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the payment of affeaiettle any rates an duties granted by this act by any occupier mentor occupiers of any house, building, or place, charged with any

duty by this act in any parish or place, 'shall not entitle the person or persons, so paying such rates and duties, to a legal settle — ment in such parish or place.

Persons over

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or a^eal tole per r°ns a think himself, herself, or themselves respectively commission*6 overcharged or overrated by any assessment, charge, or fur cra, charge, to be made by virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for

him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said of; and the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals; and all such appeals, in respect to the assessment for the first three quarters under this act, shall be heard and determined between the tenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and all appeals in respect of any future assessments, on the days appointed, and in the manner directed, in the several acts herein be fore mentioned with respect to the rates and duties on houses, and windows or lights, thereby granted.

In what cases

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commis he commis fiqners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing of such abat^the af appea'> roake any abatement or defalcation in the charge or fur feflments.*charge made upon any person by such assessment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any speh surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors as aforesaid, but the same shall stand good and remain part of the assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said of, by examination of the circumstances of the case upon oath, to b administered by any three or more of them tha* such person hath been overrated in and by such af p feffmen

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 85

feflment or surcharge; in which cases the said of are hereby authorised and empowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diminish any such assessment to be made as aforesaid in such manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this a; and every person intending Perform Into appeal to the said of shall, and is hereby required t, nt|to.p* to give, at the lead, ten days notice thereof to any assessor or jovaysno assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, of the tice to aflef parish or place wherein such person is assessed, of fudi intention for, See. to appeal, and such assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, may then and there attend to justify the said assessment and surcharge 5 and such assessor or assessors* surveyor or surveyors, or inspector dr fnfpe&ors, and appellant,

shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and whilffi the said of shall be determining the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all appeals, once Appeals once heard and determined by the said of, or any three determined to or more of them, or the major part of them then present on be na; the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final, except as is herein after directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such assessor Exception or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, or the persons so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend the determination made by the said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such assessor or affdffors, surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, or appellant respectively, to require the said of to (late specially, and to sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said of, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to (late and sign such case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the Further ap court of king's bench or common pleas, or to one of the bap allowed rons of the court of exchequer for the time being; and every Wales to one such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient justice of the speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his king's bench, opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opi ^- 5 nion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: and if such and iq Scot? assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspec an tors, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person dissatisfied, respectively, toejfequire

G 3 thp

jg& Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1785.

the said of, or the major part of them then present, to state specially, and sign he case upon which the questiop prose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said of are hereby required to (Jate and sign such: accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the

party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her to aiudge transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge a baron" ofor and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to re the exche turn an answer to such, case so transmitted, with his opinion querf thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so

certified, the assessment, which shall have beep the cause of such appeal. Avail be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithstanding any such case, so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, pr barons, the determination of the # said of shall stand, with respect to the payments which shall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

Penalties

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every penalty or feeding 20l. forfeiture, which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater recovered.2 than twentyfounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if the matter shall arise within; England or tvalesy or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, of jkpore than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety pi every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

Penalties not

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases pxceeding.ol. where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth notex ableyefore^ ce the of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two justices; two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, Shire,

' stewartry, division, city, liberty, town or place wherein the of.

shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the

voluntary confe.ffion of the party or parties accusefi, or by the

': V Aath of oner or more credible witness or witnesses; and one

- a, Moiety of every such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, r his; heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the pd may see; \ informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of

levied by di nonpayment shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's.: goods apd chattels, by warrant under the hands and' seals of

t'such justices 5 and the overplus; of the money raised, after de dufftiftg the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, jftiall see rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient di' jtkefs* the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of

|uch m«nty,: Shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, town or place, for such time, pot exceeding six months, nor Jess that ^nep^onth^ fis such justices shall think most proper,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. go 87

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person Persons ag or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the grieved may Judgement of any such justices, then he or they shall andtnay, appeai to the upon giving securify to the amount of the value of such penalty er e*and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in

Case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any person or persons shall be summoned, as a witness persons sum or witnesses, to give evidence before such justices of the peace, ^tnefte^who touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the shall neglect part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and to attend, shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the time and place to be

for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect, or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as herein before directed as to other penalties.

XL. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful Justices may to and for the said justices, where they shall see cause, to miti mitigate pe gate and lessen any such penalties as they shall think it, rea naltie8 sonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation does not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and V

charges; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all constables and Constables, Jieadboroughs, tithingmen, and all other his Majesty's officers, and other of hall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively a^nginthe aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey execution of and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them di this act. reded in that behalf by the respective of hereby appointed, or any three or more of them

XLII. And be it further enacted. all actions, suits, Limitation of and informations, ^: for any: offence against this act, shall be a<ftmns, brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested,

(pr prosecuted fox anything by him or them done or executed. m pursuance of this act, or of any dause, matter, or thing

G 4 herein

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Preamble

From July 1, 1785, the treasurer of the navy to apply to the treasury for money as herein mentioned; which (Kail b issued to the bank,

and placed t the account of the treasurer of the navy,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31. [1785.

herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue an action, or suffer a nonpros, or shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for letter regulating the office of the treasurer of his Maf jess navy

WHEREAS it appears, by the reports made by the commissioners appointed to examine, take, and fate, the public accounts of the kingdom, that regulations are necessary for better conducting the business in the department of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the treasurer of his majesty?s navy for the time being, in all memorials to be by him presented to the treasury for money for navy services, shall pray that such sum as he requires may be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England oh his account; and shall transmit with each memorial a copy; of the letter or letters from the of of the navy, victualling, and sick and hurt boards, directing him to apply for such sum or sums; in which letter or letters the said of shall, and they are hereby required and directed to Specify for what particular service or services the said money is wanted; and shall also date the balances then in the hands of the treasurer of the navy, under each head of service respectively; and the of of his majesty's treasury for the time being, by their letter from time to time, shall direct the auditor of the exchequer to issue, to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treasurer of his majesty's navy, naming such treasurer for the time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn, upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer in favour of the said treasurer, for which the receipt of the caftiier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all sums: for which letters of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury Avail be drawn, shall be issued to the: governor and company of the bank of England, in like manner as they have been heretofore issued to the trea 0 surer of his majesty's navy j and all such moneys to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall be placed on kn account or accounts to be raised iti the books of the governor and company of the said bank of England, and to be entitled, Tke Account of the Treasurer of his Majestfs Navy,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31. 89

inferring the name of such treasurer for the time being, for the pay branch, cashier's branch, and the victualling branch; and on receipt of all such moneys at the exchequer, the treasurer of the navy shall immediately certify to the of of the navy an account of the whole receipt, under the respective heads of service, and shall also certify to the of of the victualling, and sick and hurt boards, the particular sums received, and applicable to those services respectively.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That no sees No extra fees whatsoever shall be paid at the exchequer or treasury for or by be paid at reason of the transactions aforesaid, beyond the amount of what XC e hath been usually paid upon imprefts and accounts hitherto q

made, according to the former custom of transacting business between the exchequer, navy pay office, and bank, severally.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From July i,

jday of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no785* ho mo money for the service of the navy shall be issued from his Ma f^vices^a? jesty's exchequer to the treasurer of the navy, or shall be placed, be tinted from or directed to be placed in his hands or possession. the same the treasury shall be issued and directed to be paid to the governor and combetrea

pany of the bank of England, and to be placed to the accounts *the

iabove mentioned, according to the services for which it is craved

and issued.

IV. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of his majesty's The treasurer navy for the time being, by himself, or the person or persons to draw on in his office duly authorised by the said treasurer, from and after aunav*fertile first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty vice8# y five, shall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of

England for all navy services whatever, and shall specify, in each and every draught, the head of service for which the same is drawn; and no draught of the said treasurer, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient voucher to the said governor and company of the bank of England, unless the same specifies the head of service for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England.

V Provided always, That the moneys to be issued unto the Bank not to governor and company of the bank of England, on account of p?y said mo the treasurer of his majesty's navy, shall not be paid out of the so^2vy fer bank, unless for navy services, and in pursuance of drafts to be vices, and in drawn on the governor and company of the bank of England pursuance of and signed by the treasurer of his majesty's navy for the time proper draught, being, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; in which

drafts shall be specified the heads of service to which the sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which drafts, so drawn, shall be sufficient authority to the bank to pay such money to the persons mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearerof them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, refig On the death nation, or removal, of the present, and every other treasurer of or renlova* °* fiis majesty's navy hereafter to be appointed, the balance of balance in

calli

gq

the bank to vest in his successor.

Treasurer to

issue his*draft3 for all unfatif fied demands;

and to make ub annual' accounts of nivy and victualling fer vic€8, 'W'

to be transmitted fothe auditor of the impressed.

Treasurer to inserty in the annual ae 1 Count, all payments made" to him in loch year, etc.

j

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3 u [1785.

caflvfor rwhieh he shall at that time have credit, an his account or accounts as treasurer of his majesty's navy, with the governor and company of the bank of England, shall, at the end of the current moath after a successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually veil in such successojy in trust for the service of the navy under the respective heads, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the account or accounts of such successor treasurer of his majesty's navy, to be applied to the said service, in pursuance of the like drafts as aforesaid: and the treasurer of his majestyvnavy for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifttions to the treasury, and to issue his drafts as aforesaid, for all charges and demands on account of the navy service, which, shall be due and remain unsatisfied, although the same may have, accrued in the time of any former treasurer. C

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer of the navy shall, and he is hereby required to make up, or cause to be <made'upy an annual account of the navy and victualling fsrvices, entitled. The Account of the Treasurer of his Majestf s Navyr to bersigned and attested by every treasurer who shall llffve paid; or discharged any part of the said account; the first (account toend.on: theihirf.y first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and every succeeding account to rhegin on the Sift day of January to end on the thirty first day of december in each year following, and to transmit the same (having: heen previously examined in the offices of the commissioners of the navy, of the victualling office, and of the lick and hurt and signed by the of of the navy), to the auditor; of auditors of the impressed, who shall, and they are hereby directed and required, ^within three months after the receipt thereof, to examine, or cause to be examined, the said annual accounts, and, if found satisfactory, to present, or cause to be presented, the same to the proper officer, or officers for declaration; and when the same is declared, a quietus or acquittance, in the usual form, shall be made out to the said treasurer or treasurers, his or their heirs, executors, and administrators.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer of the navy shall every year insert, in the said annual account, all payments which shall have been made by him in the course of such year,; and that all bills, which shall have been drawn by the of of the navy or victualling, shall be sufficient vouchers; to discharge the said treasurer of any Aims paid by him upon such bills, whether the payments directed to be made by the said bills shall be specified to be upon account, or, otherwise; and that when the said treasurer of the navy shall, in the account of any year, have taken credit for any payments made in pursuance of impressed bills, or on account, no further bills shall inr any subsequent period be drawn upon the said treasurer, or any treasurbr>of the navy for the time being, for the purposes of clearing the said imprests, but the persons to whom the pay 1 - menu

9*

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.

jments have been so made on account, shall he set insuper; in the exchequer, apd to be made accountable for the same, and the treasurer of the navy shall be no longer chargeable or accountable for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Treasurer to

first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, keep an ac thp treasurer of his majesty's navy for the time being shall keep the bankltetc the account with the bank of all moneys issued to or directed to 1

be paid to him for the service of the navy; and the said treasurer, observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed,

shall not be answerable for any money which he shall not actually receive; and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the moneys which shall be actually received by them for the service of the navy.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Any person shall, from and after the passing of this act, knowingly and will forging the fully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or tr^ahire^ etc counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully actor assist in the forg to obtain mo ing or counterfeiting the name or hand of the treasurer of his ney from the majesty's navy for the time being, or the person or persons au bank, shall thorised as aforesaid, to any draught, instrument or writing whatsoever,

for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the a3 a 0 money in the hands or custody of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treasurer of his majesty's navy; or shall forge or counterfeit, or caiife or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any draught, instrument, or writing in form of a draught, made by such treasurer of his majesty's navy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid; or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whomsoever; every such person and persons fb offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall Not to pre mot extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the treasurer of his majesty's navy from issuing to the pay clerks at the feve mmiey

ral outsorts, such Sums as maybe thought necessary by the to pay clerks

navy board for paying ships, and carrying on recalls; and the at outports.

pay clerk at each port shall, and he is hereby required to make

up, at the end of every month, on account of all his receipts!

and payments during that month, which account shall be signed by him, the comptroller's clerk, and the ticket office clerk, at each port, and transmit the same, within fourteen days after the expiration of each month, to the treasurer of his majesty's navy,

and a copy thereof to the commissioners of his majesty's navy;

and the comptroller's clerk at every out port shall, and he is

hereby required to transmit to the navy board every week an

pccount of the payments made by the treasurer's clerk at that

port'

[Preamble.]

92 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1785.

On the death,

XII. And be it further enacted, That, upon the death, re etc. of every signation, or removal, of every treasurer of his majesty's navy, derktac ldke accounts of the pay clerks at the several out ports shall be counts to be immediately made up and the balance of cash, for which he made up, etc. shall at that time have credit with each of them, shall, as soon as a successor shall be appointed, be carried to the credit of the account of such successor, and an account thereof forthwith transmitted to the of of the navy.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

May it please your most excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the large supplies which were granted for carrying on the late war, several debts remain unprovided for, on account of bills payable in the course of the navy and victualling offices, and for transports, and upon account of debentures payable out of the office of ordnance; and it is highly expedient that provision Should be made for the establishing certain annul ties,; to be paid to the persons interested in or entitled unto such bills and debentures, in lieu thereof in the manner herein after mentioned j we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do therefore ixiqft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons interested in or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, or for transports, which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, who already have carried, or shall, on or before the sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, carry the same, after having had the interest thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the office of the treasurer of his majesty's navy, shall have, in exchange for the same, from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon; and the persons who shall be possessed of such certificates shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be in titled, in respect of the same, to the sum of one hundred and eleven pounds and eight Shillings capital stock, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum; and also, that all persons interested in or entitled unto such navy, victualling, and transport bills, made out between the said thirtieth day of June, one

[Persons possessed of navy or victualling bills, etc. dated on or before June 30, 1783, etc. may carry them to the treasurer of the navy's office, and exchange them for certificates;

on delivery whereof at the bank, they shall be entitled to certain flock. Regulations relative to such bills made out bein

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93

thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and the first day of Ja tween June nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eiehtv five. who already 3°, 1783, and

one thousand seven hundred and ei y

after having had the interest, due upon such of the said bills as bear an interest, computed and marked upon the said bills to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, at the navy and victualling offices respectively, to the treasurer of his majesty's navy, shall have in exchange for the same from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the said governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon, after deducing therefrom a sum, at the rate of five shillings per centum, upon the amount of such principal and interest, for every month between the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and the day on which such bill was made out; and the persons who shall be possessed of such certificates, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to one hundred and eleven pounds and eight Shillings capital stock, for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificate, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser sum: and also that all Similar pro persons interested in or entitled unto any debentures, payable visions re out of the office of ordnance, which were dated on or before deben the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred tures. and eighty-three, who already have carried, or shall, on or before the sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, carry the same to the treasurer of his majesty's office of ordnance, and shall have the interest, such debentures computed, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall, in exchange for such debentures, have a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount of the principal and interest of such debentures, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be in titled, in respect of the same, to the sum of one hundred and eleven pounds and eight Shillings capital stock, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser sum; which said capital stock shall be attended with annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per Persons pof fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, who fefied of any shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any bill or deliver bills payable in course out of his majesty's offices of the navy or them to the

victual respective

have carried, or shall, on or before

treafarerg, t have them marked,etc. before June 7, 17 $5'

Interest due on July 5, 1785, on navy bills, etc. to be marked thereon at the respective offices.

Treasurers of the navy and ordnance may receive and cancel such bills, and deliver certificates in lieu thereof.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1785.

'vksfualling, or for transports, which were respectively made out or'dated in the said respective offices on or before the thirtieth day of June? one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and between the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and the said. first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or shall be possessed of interested in, or entitled unto, any debenture or debentures payable out of his majesty's office of ordnance, which were respectively made out or dated on or before the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to deliver such bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the respective rreasurers of the said offices, to be marked, cancelled, and certified, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette, and other public papers, for that purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the interest which became due on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for and in respectt of such of the said navy, victualling, and transport bills, as bear an interest, shall be computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, before the same are delivered to the treasurer of his majesty's navy; and the proper officer and officers of his majesty's navy office and victualling office respectively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his majesty's navy for the time being, to take in and receive from ail and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, all the said bills which any such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, shall, on or before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his paymaster and cashier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills; and that also it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his majesty's office of ordnance, in like manner, to take in all such debentures, payable out of the said office of ordnance which, on or before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be delivered to him; and the said last mentioned treasurer, or his deputy, is hereby authorised and required to cancel the same, and to make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of such debentures.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C

V. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that, ' from the multiplicity of computations to be made upon the several bills that may be brought to the respective offices of the navy or victualling to be marked, and the interest thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the same cannot be completed so as to be delivered to the treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or cashier, within the time limited by this act, for the said treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, to form the proper calculations, and make forth such certificates as are herein directed to be transmitted to the bank of England; in all such cases, any person or persons, entitled to such of the saidl navy, victualling, or transport bills, as shall be tendered to, and left with the officers herein directed to receive such bilk, on or before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon producing to the treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or cashier, any bill or bills, marked and computed in the manner herein before directed, shall be entitled to receive from the said treasurer of the navy, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the bank of England for the sums contained in such bill or bills; provided such bill or bills shall be demanded at, and received from the respective offices of the navy or victualling, on or before the thirtieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and shall be delivered to the said treasurer or his paymaster or cashier, within seven days after the same shall be received from the said navy or victualling offices respectively, notwithstanding the time of tendering the same to the said treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, shall be after the day herein limited for that purpose; and the several and respective officers abovementioned are hereby authorised and required to issue such bills and certificates accordingly.

VI. And in case it shall happen that any person or persons, entitled to any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, or ordnance debentures, shall, from any unavoidable accident or cause, not be able to deliver into the respective offices of the navy or victualling, or to the office of the treasurer of the ordnance, on or before the said sixth day tf/'june, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, any such bills or debentures, be it enacted, That upon sufficient cause being shown, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, it shall and may be lawful for the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, at any time or times before the sixth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to direct, authorise, and empower the officers of the navy or victualling offices respectively, and of the treasurer of the ordnance, to accept and take in from such person or ersons any such bills or debentures, and to compute the interest and mark the same; and the treasurer of the navy and ordnance respectively to make forth such certificate or certificates as are herein before directed to be done and made out; and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and empowered to give credit for such flock and

annuities.

9$

In case all such bills caa not be delivered to the treasurer of the navy, within the time before limited, a further time to be allowed:

and so likewise for such bills as cannot be delivered into the navy or victualling offices, etc. within these time before limited.

Person pro ducing their certificates at the bank, shall be entitled to 5 percent, annuities for the same.

Annuities to be deemed personal estate,

and to be tax free.

Annuities to be paid out of a fund to be established this session, etc.;

and to be made a joint Hock with the annuities efta

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32; [1785.

annuities, as such person or persons would have been entitled to, in respect of such bills or debentures, in case such bills or debentures had been delivered into such office or offices before the said sixth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, who shall deliver any such bill or bills, debenture or debentures, to the said respective treasurers as aforesaid, upon producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said treasurers, in lieu of such bills and debentures, shall, in respect of the principal sum hereby granted, for every entire sum of one hundred pounds contained in such respective certificates, have and be entitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively; which said annuity shall be payable half yearly at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say), the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, the first payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, fare, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act 5 and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the moneys which shall from time to time arise and be in the receipt of the exchequer of the fund to be established in this session of parliament, and for which the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be a collateral security; and that the said annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five millions of the public debt, bearing interest after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this acton which the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending.

V

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. ( 97

tendings shall from and after the fifth day of "July, one thou blifliedby sand seven hundred and eighty-five, be added to, and made a4 Geo. 3. one joint stock of annuities, tfansfierrarble at the bank of England, with the annuities established by an act made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities, to satisfy certain navy, victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures); and that all and every perfori and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which hebe,

or they shall become entitled, as aforesaid, by virtue of this ast, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional ill ter eft and share in the Paid flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid; that all the said joint stock of annuities shall be paid and payable out of the several duties granted, as well by sundry acts passed in the last session of parliament for the payment of annuities granted in the same session, as of such duties as by any act or acts of this present session shall be charged with, and madd applicable to, the payment thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, upon the delivering in of every such navy, victualling, Treafufei4 of or transport bill, by any person or persons, bodies politic or recei^of n*the treasurer of his majesty's navy, or his paymaster vy bills, etc*cashier, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to give cer forthwith to give a certificate, signed by him or them, for the tificates for principal sum or sums contained in every such bill, and also for fariie> the interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid, to be due on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon such of the said bills as bear an interest, to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns; and that upon the de and so itke livering in, by any person or persons, bodies politic or corpo the

rate, of every such debenture or debentures, the treasurer of his qvdnance, on majesty's office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall, and they are the receipt of hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate, debentures, signed by the said treasurer or deputy, for the principal sum or sums contained in every such debenture, and also for the interest on such debentures, computed.after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July, one thousand feveii hundred and eighty-five, to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, orbis, her, or their assigns; and all such Certificated certificates shall be assignable by endorsement thereupon made, at any time before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer; and all Rich certificates and alignments thereupon shall not be charged with any stamp duties whatsoever; and that the interest so computed and marked on every such bill and debenture respectively, bearing interest as aforesaid, shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill and debenture respectively; and the amount of such principal and interest, or the amount of the sum contained in every such bill and debenture not bearing ir. terest, certified in manner before directed, except as herein after You XXXV H h

Bills or debentures, the property of infants, may be delivered

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1785.

is mentioned, shall be the principal sums for which the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, delivering such bills or debentures, shall, for every one hundred pounds therein mentioned, fie entitled to one hundred and eleven pounds, and eight Shillings, in the capital stock of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, established by this act, and foin proportion for any greater or less sum.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any infants shall, by the gift, devise, or decease of the parent, or other relation of such infants, or otherwise, become entitled to any of the said bills or debentures; in such case, the guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees of such infant or in

by their guar fants, (half or may be, and he, she, or they, is or are hereby

riians, etc. to the said treasurers.

empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such respective treasurers all such of the said bills or debentures to which such infant or infants shall be so entitled; and such infant and infants, guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees,

delivering up such bills or debentures, shall be entitled to

Clause rela

etc

such an annuity as aforesaid, and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same; anything herein contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who, as executor to,

etc. in possess or administrator, trustee, committee of an idiot, or lunatic, or fion of execu persons of unfound mind, depositary or mortgagee, shall be or tors, trustees, become possessed of, interested in, "or entitled unto, any of the depositaries, said bills or debentures, shall and may deliver up such bills or debentures, as they shall be so possessed of, interested in, or in titled unto, to such respective treasurers as aforesaid; as to executors or administrators, the annuities which they shall be entitled to in respect of the said bills or debentures so by them delivered up, shall be the same assets in their hands as the said bills or debentures were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid; and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the annuity which they shall be entitled unto, for or in respect of such trust, or mortgaged bills or debentures, which they shall so deliver up to such respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same trusts, and equity of redemption, as such bills or debentures were, or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and re hereby respectively authorised and required to take in and receive all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills and debentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon the receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby

required

The bank to receive certificates;

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32^ gg

required forthwith to give credit, in a book or books to be pre and for every pared for that purpose, for the principal sum of one hundred iool. therein and eleven pounds, and eight Shillings, for every one hundred contained, to pounds contained in every such certificate To brought to him

or them as aforesaid, and foin proportion for a greater of lester sum; and the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, Stock may hi whole credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said transferred book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being shall also, on of before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written dh paper of the said book or books first herein before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV. Andy for the more ea fy and Jure payment of the annuities established by this atty it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank The batik, of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, ap from fime t point and employ one or more sufficient person or persons. i1 a^caftsief within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firrt nd account cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the ant general same office, to be their accountant general; and that the mo ec;

nies from time to time, and at any time, being in the receipt

of the exchequer of the fund to be established for paying the said annuities, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury,

or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued

for, had, or obtained in that behalf, be i(sued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the said first or chief ca(hiej* or

cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of impressed,

and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities;

and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said moneys shall Caflijef', dii

from time to time be issued, shall, from time to time, without ^£idesat the

delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or ^che % femo

their accounts thereof according to the due eourse of the? ex pay the ari

chequer. miitics.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant Accountant

general for the time being shall, from time to time, insped and general to examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers*

and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order to prevent any and payments fraud, negligence, or delay,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That all the moneys intended to be converted into annuities by Moneys to be virtue of this at, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be converted in one capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the rate Of five pounds per centum per annum shall be attending; joint ftoek*

Hi and

and to be transferrable.

Transfer books to be kept in the accountant general's office, C

100 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. fc; 32. [if785*

and that all and every perfort and persons, ihd corpbfktidhs whatsoever, in proportion to the triorifey tohich he, she, or they shall be entitled to as aforesaid, shall have, and be deie'med to have, a proportional interest and share in the said (lock, and in the annuity attending the same, at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint stock, or any share or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this a d directs, and not otherwise: that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the said accriuntant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, Wherein all assignments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint stock, or ariy part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the farrie at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers; or, if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom such transfer shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said flock, and the annuities attending the same, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

XVII. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share or interest in the said joint stock of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will, as relates to such estate, share, or interest, be entered in the said office; and that, in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns,

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of

portion until the and their successors, notwithstanding the

redemption of redemption of all or any of their own funds in pursuance Of the the annuities, acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the said annuities shall be redeemable by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act,

XIX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the interest on the said

interest on or bdls or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling cancelling' the said bills or debentures, or any of them, or for granting said bills, C certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the moneys

for

Stock may be devised by will.

Bank to con

No see to be taken for computing

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 33. tot

for paying the said annuities, or^any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or ftnall, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity contrary to this adfc,

hail, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to on penalty of the party grieyed, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by 2q*action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any three Treasury may or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three fons aem. or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, ployed in shall have power, and they are hereby authorised, out of the executing this fund to be established in this lesion of parliament for payment ut of the of the annuities granted by this act, or out of the sinking fund,

to reward all such persons 3$ shall be anyways employed in the annuities., execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same: and also to appoint such allowances as they shall think proper, for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, and trouble of the accountant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on him by this act; all which allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank'of England shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, he Person9 profiled, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them execu^n^this done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the ge plead the general issue, and give the special matter in.evidence neral for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him and recover or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. treble costs,

CAP. xxxur.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five. —

To raise 1000000 before Jan. 5* 1786, as by malt aft,

102 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34, [1785.

CAP. XXXIV.

act for better paving, cleaning, repairing, lighting, and watching the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Relit; and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for erecting a market house, and holding a public market in the said yilj.

Commissioners for putting the act in execution. In case of the death cof of, new ones to be defied. Not obliged to elect new commissioners, until the number is reduced to thirty. No person folding any office, or having ftiare in contract or works, to act as com miffiooer. The major part of commissioners, not less than seven atany meeting, to carry the act into execution. The president to have the cast ing voice, proceedings to be entered in a book. Such book to be evidence. No act of the of to be binding unless tfone at^meeting, fr'irft meeting at the workhouse in Ramsgate on the Tuesday fortnight after the parting the act. Adjournments by majority, C qualities.ion of of, (except mayor of Sandwich and vicar of t. Laurence) residence in said vill, aol. per apn. real estate, and 500l persong. Penalty of acting not being qualified, iool. Commissioners jjto appoint a clerk, treasurer, and surveyor, and allow them salaries. pfiicers refilling, C to obey the orders of of, to be inca pacitated, and to forfeit 50l. Pavement vested in the of,

may direct the pavements to be altered, relaid, or repaired. Materials

to be provided, and paid for, by the of No altera'to be made in the pavements without consent of the of, Commissioners to contract for paving the llreet's, clamps to be affixed in such places as of shall appoint Persons destroying the lamps, or furniture thereof, to forfeit for the first offence ios. for jthe second 15s, and for the third 203. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, to make good the same. Watchmen to be appointed. For every chaldron of coals, coke or cinder, containing thirty-six Winchester butoels, imported and landed, or carried through the liberty of the vill of Ramsgate, is. and for coals, C sold by tun, of twenty hundred weight, is. and so ip proportion above all other duty. Puty on coals, Stc. lo be collected before ships be permitted to depart from the port. On refufakto pay the duty, vessels and, carriages to be detained. obstructing payment of duty, or selling or consuming coals, See. before payment thereof, to forfeit 4q8. and damages, or be committed to the house of correction for two months, if not paid sooner; one moiety of the penally jto the informer. Books to be provided for entering accounts of moneys received by the duty. General highway act to remain in force, as by 7 s3 Geo. 3. C Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts

to the of Commissioners may borrow money at interest,ut not more than scocl. and assign the rates as a security; or may grant

annuities on lives. Acbount of money borrowed, and annuities granted, to be entered in books. Persons purchasing annuities to enjoy the same during their lives, dr lives of their nominees. Securities may be transferred. Moneys borrowed to be charged upon the duties, C The duties to be applied to the purposes of the ach When moneys paid off, of to assemble inhabitants, and if they agree, then the duty to continue for ten years longer, but if they do not consent, then the duty to be reduced to 6d. per chaldron or tun; and at the expiration of the said fen years, finally to cease. Pavements to be repaired upon complaint.of want of reparation, foot pavements to be swept by inhabitants. Land to be provided for depositing materials for repairing the L streets. Signs to be placed on the fronts of houses, and incroachments

to be removed. footpaths and highways may be widened. Annoyances to be removed. Nuisances not to be permitted in the streets, C Liberty to make enclosures for building or repairing houses, C Projections to be avoided in future. Penalty on obstructing the execution of the ad 3l. Power to get materials, Watchmen to apprehend ma* lefactorf

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. 103

lefattors and disturbers of the peace. Commissioners to set out a market. market house to be erected. market house vested in the of Market tolls not to commence till twelve months after the market is opened. To prevent incroachments on the market, no other to be held in the vill, nor any flesh, nor raw victuals, fish, poultry, butter, eggs, herbs, roots, nor garden stuff, to be sold in any other place therein, on penalty of 5l. to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and one moiety to go. to the informer. Fishermen may sell fish on the strand, and the inhabitants provisions in their houses. Penalties may be 'mitigated. market house, C to be erected by voluntary subscription. Commissioners to purchase ground for the market. If owners of ground refuse to agree, jury to settle damages, with the usual clauses. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and applied for the purposes of the at. Expenses of the al to be paid out of the money collected. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions. t)iftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Saving the jurisdiction of Sandwich. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. publick act.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the more easy and effectual sale of lands, tenements, and hereditaments of crown debtors, or of their sureties,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (entitled, An act to make 13 Eliz, C 4, the lands, tenements, goods and chattels, of teliers, receivers,

C liable to the payment of their debts), for the better security of the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, against such as Should have the receipt and charge of the money and treasure of her highness, her heirs and successors, it was declared and enacted, That all lands, tenements, profits, commodities, and hereditaments, which certain officers of the crown, farmers, and persons therein named, particularly the treasurer or receiver of any sums of money impressed, or otherwise for the use of the Queen's majesty, her heirs or successors, then had, or at any time thereafter Should have, within the time he or they, or any of them, Should remain accountable 5 Should, for payment and satisfaction unto the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, of his or their arrearages, at any time thereafter to be lawfully, according to the laws of the realm, adjudged and determined upon his or their account, (all his due and reasonable petitions being allowed), be liable to the payment thereof, and be put in execution for payment of such arrearages or debts, in like and in as large and beneficial a manner, as if the person had, the day he became officer or accountant, flood bound by writing obligatory, having the effect of a Statute of the jla ple, to her Majesty, her heirs or successors; and reciting, that forasmuch as many times it might come to pass, that the Queen's highness, her heirs or successors, might not be conveniently satisfied of the debt to be determined or due upon any account as aforesaid, by way of extent, for that the yearly value of the lands extended would not satisfy her highness, her heirs or successors, within the compass of many years,

Jo as that great loss might ensue to her highness, her heirs and successors; for remedy thereof it was enacted, That if any treasurer, or other person accountant before mentioned, which Should, from and after the feast of Saint Michael then next ensuing, receive or be charge

104 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. [1785.

able with any money or treasure of the Queen, her heirs or successors, and Should, upon the determining of his or their account, or by reason of any farm as aforesaid, be found in arrearages, and sholtld not' within six months next after his or their accounts finished, or debt known, pay all such sums of money as he or they Should, upon determination of his or their account, or upon his or their debt known, it Should be lawful to the Queen's highness, her heirs and successors, at any time, and from time to time, after the said six months ended, to make sale, by her or their letters under the great seal of England, of ft much of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of every such accountant or debtor, so being found in arrearages or debt, as might suffice the Queen, her heirs or successors, for satisfaction, until her Majesty, her heirs or successors, Should be by such sale fully fails fed and paid off such arrearages and debt; and that if any overplus Should be received upon any such sale, then the same Should be paid to the accountant or farmer, or his heirs, by the officer that fioould receive the same money upon any of the said sales, without further warrant in Eliz C 3. that behalf: and whereas by an act, made in the twenty seventh of the same Queen, after reciting certain doubts upon the said act of the thirteenth year of her reign, it was declared and enacted, That the said recited a ft, in every part thereof touching the power thereby given to her highness, her heirs and successors, to make sale of any the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the same aft limited tv be sold, Should be expounded and intended, as well in case where the sale is to be made after the death of such accountant or debtor, as where it is to be made in his or their lifetime; and also as well in case where the account is made, or ike debt known, within eight years after the death of such accountant or debtor, as where the same account is made, or the debt known, in the lifetime of the same accountant or debtor; but it was provided. That after the death of such accountant or debtor, and before any the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, deft ended'unto the heir of such accountant or debtor as heir, Should be sold, a feire facias Should be awarded out of her Majesty's court of exchequer unto the sheriff of the county where any such lands lie, to garnish the same heir, to show cause why the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments, Should not be put to sale for satisfaction of the same debts or farms in the said act. mentioned, according to the tenor thereof \ whereupon if the heir Should not, within a convenient time. Upon a garnishment or two nichils returned, show and prove unto the said court that the executors or administrators of such accountant or debtor, have sufficient, which ought to answer or he liable for the same debt or farm, then, after ten months next after such two nichils or garnifhtnent returned, the sane lands, tenements, or hereditaments, Should be sold by her Majesty, her heirs or successors, and the money thereof coming disposed according to the said former recited act: and after various other enacting clauses, there was a proviso to prevent Jak of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any heir, during the 59ehz, C 7. time of his or her nonage: and whereas by an act, made in the thirty ninth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, the said recited explanatory act of the twenty seventh year of Queen Elizabeth was repealed, and a new exposition was made of the said recited statute of

ihi

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35i

the thirteenth of Elizabeth, % vith various new provisions \ said act of the thirty ninth year of Elizabeth being only temporary, and having expired early in the reign of James the First, the said explanatory act of the twentyseventhyear of Elizabeth became revived, and is now in force: and whereas it may tend greatly to facilitate and expedite the payment of debts to the crown, where the real estates of its accountants or debtors, or of their sureties, are seized into the King's hands under writs of extent, if a sufficient part of such estates was to be sold unto the provisions of the said recited acts of the thirteenth and twenty seventh years of £)ueen Elizabeth, but the said acts have not been lately put in use, and inconvenience is likely to arise if the mode of sale therein directed Should be pursued; be it therefore declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's court of exchequer, and the same court is hereby authorised, on the application of his majesty's attorney general in a summary way, by motion to the same court, to order that the right, title, estate, and interest of any debtor to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the right, title, estate, and interest of the heirs and assigns of such debtor, in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which have been, or shall hereafter be extended under and by virtue of any such writ of extent or diem claufit extremum as aforesaid, or fa much thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy the debt for which the same shall have been so extended, shall be sold in such manner as the said court shall direct; and that when a purchaser or purchasers shall be found, the conveyance of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments so decreed to be sold shall be made to the purchaser or purchasers by his majesty's remembrancer in the said court of exchequer, or his deputy, under the direction of the said court, by a deed of bargain and sale, to be enrolled in the same court; and that, from and after the making of such conveyance, and the inrollment thereof as aforesaid, the bargainee or bargainees in such conveyance, and his or their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, hold, and enjoy the lands, tenements, and hereditaments therein comprised, for his and their own respective use and benefit, not only against the extent of the crown, but also against such debtor of the crown, or the surety or sureties for such debtor, and all persons claiming under such debtor, or the surety or sureties, unless by a title paramount to, and available in law against such extent as aforesaid; and all moneys which shall become payable from any such purchaser or purchasers as aforesaid, shall be paid, accounted for, and applied towards discharge of the debt due to the crown, and of all costs and expenses which shall be incurred by the crown in enforcing the payment of such debt, in such manner as the said court of exchequer shall from time to time order and appoint: and if, after payment of the whole debt tq the crown and of al colls and ex

105

Court of exchequer, on application of the attorney general, may order the estate of any debtor to his Majesty, C to be sold

pences

The surplus, if any, after'payment of

O

debt and costs, to be paid to the persons entitled thereto.

Court of ex chequer may make an order for the production o title deeds.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 36. [1785.

pences incurred in enforcing the payment thereof, there shall be any surplus of the moneys arising from any such sale, the said surplus shall belong to the same person or persons as would be entitled to the lands, tenements, or hereditaments sold, if there had not been a sale thereof, and shall accordingly be paid to such person or persons, under the order and direction of the said court of exchequer, upon motion or petition to the said court, to be made upon such notice to the crown, and to be supported by such affidavits or other proofs, as to the said court shall from time to time seem just and reasonable.

II. And whereas, from the want of the deeds and writings rela- five to the title of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as the said court of exchequer may decree to be sold under this atty difficulties may arise in the execution hereof \ be it therefore further eha&ed. That it shall be lawful for the said court of exchequer, from time to time, to make such order touching the production, delivery, and custody of such title deeds and writings as aforesaid, in the same manner, as if a decree had been made by the said court for a sale of the lands of a crown debtor, in execution of a trust created for payment of debts by such crown debtor himself.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the term, and altering some of the powers, of an at of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, "for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of, Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven; and for preserving ships wintering therein from accidents by fire."

[Publick act.]

XI Geo. 3. c. 14. Commissioners to cause a plan to be made of a new bridge, which is to be built by contract. When the new bridge is built, the present one to be taken down, and the materials sold. So much of the duties by former act, as is equal to one halfpenny per chaldron on coals, Winchester measure, last of wheat, rye, barley, malt, or other grain, and every weigh of salt, and every tonne of other goods (fish excepted) imported into the said haven or road, and also all money thereby directed to be applied towards repairing the said bridge and the publick quays, there collected, and not applied, or after received, to be applied by the mayor, cof Great Yarmouth, for building the said bridge, and supporting the quays, and for other expenses as the of shall direct; and all such money to be annually accounted for. Power to borrow aooool. and to assign the rates as a security. assign ments may be transferred. After the bridge i3 completed, the money borrowed to be paid off, according to the direction of the commissioners. The duty appropriated to repair the present bridge, to be applied (after payment of the money to be borrowed) to the repair of the new bridge, etc. Power to apply the surplus of the duties appropriated to Norwich, Norfolk, and Yarmouth, for other purposes than those directed by the act. The corporation to advertise for proposals for fur nifliing material for repair of the bridge, etc. Penalty on throwing rubbish, etc. in the haven, etc. 40s. for every offence. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money. Former act continued, (except where altered,) and the present act to commence June 13, 1785, and to continue for the further term of twenty-one years, from the expiration of the former act.

*785.1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 37j CAP. XXXVII

An act for rebuilding the bridge across the river of Ayr, at the town of Ayr.

WHEREAS the bridge across the river of Ayr, which is of great public utility, being the only communication for travellers going for Ireland, by the great west road, through the county of Ayr, and for the march of his Mfljejlfs troops to Ireland by tjoat road is not only very incommodious, being sleep at each endy and so narrow, that it is with difficulty that two carriages can pass each other, but also the same, from its great age and natural decay, is become inefficient \ it is therefore absolutely necessary either to have the said bridge taken down and rebuilt, or to build a new bridge near to it \ but the same cannot be effected without the aid of parliament

[Public act.]

Magistrates of Ayr empowered to rebuild the bridge of Ayr. Damages to be ascertained by a jury, and the usual clauses for that purpose. For injuring the works of the bridge to pay damages and costs, and may be committed. Pontage for passing the bridge: coaches, C drawn by six horses, CC 48. by four horses, cas. by three horses, etc. is. 4d. by two horses, etc. is. and by one horse, C 6d. wagons, etc. drawn by six horses, etc. 48. by five horses, etc. 3s. 4d. by four horses, etc. as. 8d. by three horses, etc. is. by two horses, etc. 8d. and by one horse, etc. 4d. for sledges without wheels, and horses, etc. not drawing, ad. for oxen, etc. per score, is. horses, etc. unihod, per score, as. for calyes, sheep, lambs, hogs, or goats, per score, 6d. Pontage may be levied by cliftrefs. Carriages loaden with coals, peat, or turf, drawn by one horse, one penny toll. Toll to be paid but once a day, unless passing with a new loading. Penalty on evading the toll, aos. Penalty on taking off horses td evade the tolls, aos. Exemptions from tolls: horses, etc. carrying corn, or virtual, to or from Ayr milns, or farm meal to granaries, or dung, etc. or implements of husbandry, carriages, etc. with hay, corn in straw to be laid up, (but if for sale to pay,) but not coals for exportation, nor cattle, etc. to pasture or water, post horses, carriages, attending soldiers on march, or carrying vagrants. But this exemption only to extend to carriages with one horse, except carriages attending soldier.9 on march. Materials may be gotten for building or repairing the bridge. Houses not to be built on the bridge. In case new bridge shall not be built on the fcite of the old one, the toll to be collected at the old bridge till the new one is built. If old bridge becomes impalpable before new one built, a ferry to be estabiished. Foot passengers to pay one halfpenny for passing the ferry. Tolls for passing over the river by the old bridge, the same as for the new one. Carriages not to remain on the bridge, etc. longer than necessary, nor cause ob strurtions, on penalty of aos. Bridge vested in the magistrates of Ayr. 5000l. may be borrowed. Fords in the river to be spoiled. Old bridge not to be used by wheel carriages after new one built. Commissioners appointed. Toll to be reduced when they produce 7l. 10s. percent, of the cost. Free when money borrowed is paid, and a fund raised to keep it in repair. Commissioners to settle accounts. Commencement of the art from the passing. Magistrates and council to have jurisdiction in complaints, and determine thereon in a summary way. Costs allowed in artions brought. Sheriffs, etc. to be aiding in execution of heart.

u#

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 38. [1785.

[Preamble.]

dated o^t. 2$775*

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, doctor in physic, his ex ecutors, adminfirators, and assigns, the sole property of his inven or discovery of the nfe and application of certain vegetables for dying, flaming, printing and painting certain valuable colours, throughout that part of his Majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

WHEREAS his most excellent majesty King George the Third, by his letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster, the twenty-third day of Oc recital of his tober, in the fifteenth year of his reign, did give and grant unto Majesty's let Edward Bancroft, of downing street, Westminster, doifor inters patent, physic, and fellow of the royal society, his executors, administrators, 'and afitgnsy his said Majesty's especial licence, full power: foie privilege and authority to make, ufey exercise, and vend his the said Edward bancroft's invention of using certain vegetables growing sport taneoufiy in his Majesty's American dominions and their tingenty flamingo or colouring parts and particles, for dyings flamingo printings paintings or other wise communicating certain valuable colour s9 in upon, or to woolly hairs furs silk hemps cottons linen, jkinss leather, papers and woody and to the several produilionss manufactures, and substances composed of the fames within his Majesty's kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the term of fourteen years: and whereas, in consequence of an act of parliament made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty's To prohibit all trade and iptercourse yvit.li the colonies of Newhampshires Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, conneiii cuts New Yorks New Jerseys Pensylvanias the three lower counties on Delawares Maryland, Virginias North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgias and for other purposes therein ipentioned), and of the succeeding war, the said Edward Bancroft has been deprived of the benefit of the said letters patent: to the end therefore that the said Edward Bancroft may be restored to the full benefit of the said letters patents and be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said invention, and that his property therein and in Us improvements thereof, may be secureds so that the public may reap all the advantages to be derived therefroms in their fullest extent; and the said Edward Bancroft may receive an adequate recompense for his fludys labours expense, and time; may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of the said Edward Bancroft) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the foie privilege and advantage of making, ufins> exercising, and vending the said invention, mentioned in tionveftedin the said letters patent, with the additions and improvements

sing$

*6 Geo. 3. £ 5*

The foie privilege of make ing and vend ins the inven

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 38, rogi

since made therein, within that part of his majesty's kingdom Edward ban of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and croft, his exe town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be, and the same is here cutors, etc. by declared to be, vested in the said Edward Bancroft, his ex or 14 years# ecutors, administrators, and assigns, for and during the term of fourteen years from thenceforth next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended; and that he the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself or themselves, or by his or their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said Edward ban £roft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall at any time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times during the term of years herein before last mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make, use, exercise, and vend the said invent tiort herein before mentioned, with all and every the additions and improvements thereof, within that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, in such manner as to him the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any of them, shall, in his or their discretion, seem meet; and that the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of the said invention, for and during the said tfcrtn of fourteen years, herein before last mentioned; to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy the said privileges and authorities, and every part thereof, unto the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of fourteen years, from the passing of this act as aforesaid; and that no other person or persons Penalty on 0 within that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain call, there persons ed England, the dominion of Wales and the town of Berwick ^tfo^wuh upon Tweed, shall at any time, during the same term of fourteen out iicease, years, either directly or indirectly, make, use, or put in prac etc. tice the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or substradlion from the same, whereby to pretend himself, herself, or themselves, the inventor or inventors, devisor or devifors thereof, without the licence, consent, or agreement of the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and leal, or hands and seals, first had and obtained, in that behalf, upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offender or offenders, for his, her, 6v their contempt of this act; and further to be answerable to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, according to law, for his or their damages thereby ©ccafioned.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing This a nest contained in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to to hinder the

prejudice ufin8anyin'

Ho: /

no

vention which is not the invention or application of Edward Bancroft, etc.

If Edward Bancroft, etc. shall transfer the privilege of his invention to more than five persons, etc.

or shall do anything contrary to the recited a ft.

6 Geo.i.c.i8,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3 8/ fi ?gi.

prejudice or hinder any person or persons from making or using any invention, which is not of the invention of application of the said Edward Bancroft, of using certain vegetables growing spontaneoully in North America, as described in his majesty's letters patent aforesaid, or which is not, or at the date of the said letters patent was not, a new invention, as to the public use and exercise thereof within that part of his majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that every objedior* which might have been justly made to the said invention not being a new invention within the true intent and meaning of an act of the twenty first of James the First, sufficien't to invalidate letters patent, may be made in bar to any action brought by virtue or in consequence of this act.

III. Provided also, That if the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons who shall, at any time during the said term of fourteen years from the passing of this act, have or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or to the power, privilege, or authority of the sole use and benefit of the said invention, shall make any transfer or assignment, or pretended transfer or assignment, of the said liberty or privilege hereby granted to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or any share or shares of the benefit or profits thereof, or shall declare any trusts thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five, or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for public subscriptions to be made, by any number of persons exceeding the number of five, in order to the raising of any sum or sums of money, under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, or shall, by him or themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever of any number of persons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes, or shall presume to act as a corporate body, or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privilege hereby granted to the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, into any number of shares exceeding the number of five, or shall commit or do, of procure to be committed or done, any ad, matter, or thing whatsoever, during such time as the said Edward Bancroft, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any such person or persons shall have any such right, title, or interest, either in law or equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better securing certain pcivers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two charters for assurance of hips and merchandizes at sea, and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned), or irt case the said power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time

bee 01*6

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 39.' 111

become vested in, or in trust for more than the number of five

persons, or their representatives, at any one time, otherwise than

by devise or succession, (reckoning executors and administrators

as and for the Angle person whom they represent, as to such

interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right of such their

testator or intestate); that then, and in every of such cases, all then this act

liberties and advantages whatsoever, hereby granted and vested y^ecome

in the said Edward Bancroft his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if the said Edward Bancroft, his Edward ban executors, administrators, or assigns, or someone of them, shall ec?

not particularly describe and ascertain the nature of the said in fication of the vention, in its present improved state, by an instrument pnder nature of his his hand and seal, and cause the same to be enrolled in the high invention to court of chancery, within four calendar months after the pass enrolled in ing of this act, that then all the liberties, powers, privileges, thin four and advantages, hereby granted and vested in the said Edward months or Bancroft, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall cease, tolofe the determine, and be and become absolutely void; anything here benefit of this in before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with ac*standing.

[Public act.]

V Anti be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this adfc shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public

act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleads ing the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for the better preferring and maintaining the piers and harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

WHEREAS Cromarty Bay in North Britain, has, in all times been a mcji safe road stead to ships of all nations overtaken with forms, in any part of the German ocean; and the erection of a pier and harbour, has been judged beneficial to navigation in general, and to the commerce of that part of the united kingdoms in particular: and whereas George Ross of Cromarty, esquire, proprietor of the barony of Cromarty, and of the port and harbour, has given up, for the benefit of the public, the ground and coast necessary to be occupied by the said harbour and pier; and his Majesty has been graciousy pleased to grant the sum of five thousand pounds, out of the produce of the forfeited estates in Scotland, towards ere ft ing the said. and pier: and whereas the main pier is erected and one of the other piers, or jettees, to complete the said harbour, is begun to be erected: and whereas the above sum of five thousand pounds not being fuss dent for ere ft ing and completing the said piers and harbour, the said George Ross has undertaken to complete the same at his own e; xpence; but the said harbour, and piers, of so great public utility,

Hi Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

cannot be maintained and preferred, without such tolls are levied as - may be adequate to that purpose: and as the same tannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, C

Sheriff depute for the counties of Ross and Cromarty, the provosts of Dingwall and Fortrose, and the baron baillie of Cromarty, to be trustees. From Aug. 1, 1785, trustees may collect the following tolls: For every boll of grain, confiding of firlots, one halfpenny: for every boll of meal, one farthing: for every barrel of Englifti coals, of three bushels, one halfpenny: for every tonne of Scots coals, twenty hundred weight, 3d.: for every gross of quart bottles, id.: for each 100 bolls of lime, is. 6d.: for each boll of foreign salt, three farthings: for each boll of native salt, one halfpenny: for every 40 solid feet of wood in logs, 4d.: for each 3000 Hates and pantiles, 6d.: for each 1000 bricks, 4d.: for each barrel of salmon, id. iq.: for each 100 salmon kits, is. 8d.: for each barrel of herrings, three farthings: for each 100 barrel hoops, one halfpenny: for each 150 half barrel hoops, one halfpenny: for each 1000 Virginia barrel staves', is.: other goods according to value, a percent.: for each barrel of goods, id.: for each small pareel, one halfpenny: for all empty calks, one fourth of what they pay when full. Anchorage duties: vessels of 300 tonnes, 8s. ditto of aoo, 7s. ditto vof 150, 6s. ditto of 100, 5s. ditto of 75, 43. ditto of 50, 3s. ditto of 30, as. ditto of 15, is. ditto of 6, 6d. under 6, 3d. Owners of vessels to permit them to be raeasured, on penalty of 5l. Collectors and other officers to be appointed. To prevent evading the payment of the rates and duties, not to enter or clear out, without receipt for duty. Duties to be paid. In case of refusal, to be levied by distress. Owners of vessels refusing to pay duties, to forfeit 5l. sterling. Trustees empowered to borrow 3000l. Rates, C to be applied to the repair of the works of the harbour. obstructions to be removed. Goods not to remain on the piers more than forty-eight hours. Warehouses to be prepared for depositing goods. Gunpowder and other combustibles to be removed off the quays. Ships may be removed from one birth to another. Allowing ships in distress a preference. Throwing ballast, etc. into the harbour, 40s. penalty. Ballast, etc. to be removed off the quays. Matters of vessels answerable for damages done by their crews. Fish not to lye on the quays above forty-eight hours. Penalties and forfeitures above 5l. to be recovered by actions, and applied to the purposes of the act. For recovering penalties under 5l. before a justice. Penalties and forfeitures may be mitigated. Materials may be taken. Roads to be made to quarries for getting materials. Persons destroying the works, may be committed for twelve months. bylaws may be made. Saving the right to the ferry, etc. Act to commence Aug. 1, 1785, and to continue twenty-one years. Act may be pleaded in actions brought. Justices etc. to assist in the execution of this act; which shall be deemed a public one.

CAP. XL

An act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted^ in the counties of Bedford Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

P blet WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty second year of the

re. j o reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, acts'* Geo. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses a. C 27; committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 113

hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot preflers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages; and by mother act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act to amend an 14 Geo. 3. e ad, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late 44; majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fufiian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hot prefers, and of all persons employed in the Jaidseveral manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages: and by another act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, entitled. An act to explain and amend an act:, and 15 Geo. made in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, C 14.

An act to amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by C persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the ivoolien, C linen, fushan, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and ixfilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prejfers, and of all persons C employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better pay €i ment of their wages " certain penalties and punishments in the said acts reffectively mentioned are inflicted upon all persons. who shall reel floor t or false yarn, and on persons embezzling the materials used in the said manufactures: and whereas the good purposes in the said taivs have been greatly frustrated, from the manufacturers of combing wool, worfied yarn, and goods made from worsted, being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the loss attending the resentment of the spinners and work people, by prosecuting them for offences against the said acts: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the manufacturers are enabled jointly to cany these laws into effectual execution; which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a general meeting of the manufacturers of General combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, in meeting of the counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, flf opointed Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, shall be held at Ket r

tering, in the county of Northampton, upon the second Tujday in the month of August next ensuing after the passing of this act, it the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the same day, notice of which shall be givgn in the Northampton,

Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newspapers, at lead twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of the peace for the Vol. XXXV I county

114 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

county of Northampton; at which said general meeting the said manufacturers present, by themselves or proxies appointed by writing under the hands of any such manufacturers, such proxies (if any) being also manufacturers, shall have votes; and having first chosen a chairman, the said manufacturers shall who are to elect, nominate, and appoint eighteen persons from amongst choose a com themselves, in the manner and proportions following; 'videlicet, mittee. from the county of Bedford three; from the county of Huntingdon three; from the county of Northampton three; from the county of Leicester two; frormthe county of Rutland two; from the county of Lincoln three, videlicet, one from the parts of Lindsey, one from the parts of Holland, and one from the parts, of Kesteven\ and from the Isle of Ely two; which said eighteen persons, so to be elected, shall be a committee of the said manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee shall be chosen and appointed in the manner herein after pro powers of the vided, and so as often as there shall be occasion; which corn committee. mittee are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and recommend proper persons for the said counties, and the saidt Isle of Ely respectively, to be licensed by the justices of the peace of the said counties, and the said Isle of Ely respectively, at any of their quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, or if vux adjournment, then by two justices of the peace for any of the said counties, and the said Isle of Ely to be inspectors for the purposes herein after mentioned; and the said committee shall also have the direction of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said before mentioned acts, and the management of the fund or fuods herein after to be created, and shall have power to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper" for carrying this a CL into execution, in such manner as the said committee of the manufacturers for the time being, or the majority of them, at a quarterly meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers in the said counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

Committee to

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for appoint a the said committee, or the majority of them, at any quarterly

clerk; meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required,

from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person or persons to be their clerk or clerks for the several counties before mentioned, and the Ife of his duty. Ely; which said clerk or clerks shall attend the meetings of the said committee, and shall, in proper hooks to be provided for that purpose, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said manufacturers shall and may, at all convenient times, have recourse to and peruse and inspect all such books gratis and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words so to be copied; and if any

j Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 15

such clerk shall refuse to permit any such manufacturer to inspect any such book, or refuse to make copies or extracts thereof, at the rate or times aforesaid, he ftlall, for every such offence; forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalties inflicted by this act are directed to be recovered.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the purposes afore Quarterly said a meeting of the said committee for the time being shall be meetings ap held four times in every year, (that is to say), on the Monday Pomte before midsummer day, the Monday before michaelmas day, the Monday before the Epiphany, and the Monday before easter day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, in any of the counties before mentioned, which the said committee shall think the most convenient place for trans acting the business; and the committee at such quarterly meetings shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time as occasion may require; the first of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee for the several counties before mentioned, and the said Isle of Ely, and at such place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such committee after their election; and at such first quarterly meet Chairman to ing, and every subsequent quarterly meeting, of such committee be chosen for the time being, a chairman for each of such quarterly meetings shall be chosen, and the place at which the then next quarterly meeting shall be held shall be fixed upon and appointed by the majority of such committee then assembled, and the chairman of such committee is hereby required to cause fourteen days notice to be given of the time and place of the next following quarterly meeting of such committee, in the Northampton Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newspapers; and all Questions to matters or things that ftlall come before such committee for determined their determination shall be determined by a majority of votes b7 a majority, of the members of such committee there present; and if there shall be an equality of votes upon any question which shall come before the said committee, then the chairman shall have a casting vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

IV provided nevertheless, That in case, at any such quar No bu sin eft to terly meetings, there shall not be present and assembled seven he done at of the persons conffituting such committee, then and in such un

case it is hereby declared, that no bufiriefs whatsoever shall bejefs seven done at such meeting, and the majority of the persons then pre members are sent shall cause fourteen days notice to be given in the Nor present. thampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln weekly newspapers, of the then next ensuing quarterly meeting.

V Provided also, That if, at anytime after the expiration After two of two years from the passing of this act, the said committee years, half shall judge it sufficient for the purposes of this atto meet half fngg ont^may yearly only, instead of quarterly, that then the said committee be hallien.

Three committee men may call a special meeting.

New committee men to be chosen upon vacancies.

If committee neglect their duty.

justices may, on complaint thereof, call 2 general meeting.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40# [1785.

shall not afterwards be obliged to hold their meetings oftener than twice in every year, which meetings shall be held upon the Monday before michaelmas day, and the Monday before Easter day; and the committee at every such half yearly meeting shall be subject to the like regulations and directions, and shall have the like powers and authorities, in all respects, as are in this act mentioned or contained with respect to the said quarterly meetings; anything herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for the time being, that, for the more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this act into execution, or for settling or difeuffing any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a special meeting of such committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being to direct the clerk to give notice of such specia! meeting of the committee to every member thereof, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting seven of the said committee, it shall be lawful for the said committee, so present, to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this act to such committee.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said committee for the time being shall die, or shall decline business as a manufacturer or manufacturers, or shall go to reside in any county not subject to the regulations of this act, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves from the said quarterly meetings, for the space of one year, or refuse to at, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being, at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being seven of such committee then present, to choose another or other proper person or persons, being a manufacturer or manufacturers of combing wool, worried yarn, or goods made from worsted, in his or their place or places, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time hereafter it shall appear to any sixty or more of the manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted, within the said counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, that the said committee for the time being neglect to discharge their duty, to the ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and in case such sixty or more cf such manufacturers, so dissatisfied, shall, in writing under their hands, make complaint thereof to the justices of the peace for the county of Northampton, in any of the general or quarter sessions of the peace, or in any adjournment thereof, for the aforesaid county, to be held and assembled, then and in

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 117

such case it shall be lawful for such justices, in such sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, within the aforesaid counties, and the f/z? of Ely, at such time and place as such justices shall think proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid, in the Northampton, Cambridge, Stamford, and Lincoln newspapers, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such general meeting shall he held, the same not being less than twenty-one days after such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held; and it shall be lawful for such manufacturers, then present at such general meeting, called and held in manner aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a committee, consisting of the same number of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions as is and are herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the first: committee; and the persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were invested with.

IX. And for preventing frauds and abuses for the future by persons employed in the said manufactures ofxombing wool, worstedyarn^ and goods made from worsted, and for the more effectual carrying

this act into execution, be it further enacted, That the justices of Justices to ap the peace for the said counties, and the jjle of Ely respectively, point inspec at their next quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the tors arn said counties, and the said Isle of Ely respectively, or any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the passing of this act:, or in case of no adjournment, then any two justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to licence and appoint such persons of good character and repute, within the aforesaid counties, and the jjle of Ely, as shall be recommended to the said justices by the said committee of manufacturers, in writing under their hands, to be inspectors of worsted yarn within the said counties, and the Isle of Ely.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said committee of Committee to manufacturers for the time being shall and may, and they are station inspec hereby authorised to station such inspectors for such districts in tors, and the said counties, and the Isle of Ely, as the said committee shall! think proper, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said inspectors so appointed, such yearly salaries as the said committee shall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein af ter mentioned to be raised for that and the other purposes of this act, and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of such inspectors, who by sickness, or any other accident,

shall be rendered incapable of serving the said office, or shall rni(behave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the satis factioa of such committee.

u 8

inspectors to life diligence in convicting and bringing offenders to justice:

their power.

Directions how worsted yarn shall be reeled.

Bedfordshire,

Huntingdon

Shire.

Northampton hire.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors for the time being, so appointed, shall Severally and respectively, in the several districts allotted to them by the said committee, use all due diligence and industry for the convicting and bringing to justice all offenders against this and the said former acts, and glfo shall and do from time to time, and as ofren as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, inspect the several reels of all and every the spinners of worsted yarn in their several and respective districts within the said counties, and the isle of Ely, and also the hanks of worded yarn, in order to see that the directions herein after laid down for reeling such yarn be complied with; and also shall and do, from time to time, when and as they, or any of them, shall detect any person or persons offending against this, or the said former acts, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before any justice or justices of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, and prosecute such offender or offenders to conviction: and it shall be lawful for every such inspector, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to inspect the yarn in the custody oi any manufacturer or putter out of wool, or of any agent or agents hired or employed by him, or of any spinner of such wool or worsted yarn, within the said counties, and the isle of Ely, and in case any such person shall refuse to show and produce the yarn in his custody, he shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, if a manufacturer or putter out of wool, or an agent or agents, qr person or persons hired or employed to put out wool; and if a spinner or spinners, then a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, as such justice or justices before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every person or persons employed or undertaking to spin or reel worsted yarn for hire in the said counties, and the Isle of Ely, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reelect, either upon a yard red of thirty-six inches, or a seven quarter reel of six ty three inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches round; and when such worsted yarn shall be so reelect, each and every several hank or fkain of such worsted yarn which shall be so reeled shall consist of or contain such a number of raps or leas, each and every of which raps or leas confiding of or containing eighty threads of such worsted yarn, as is herein after f spefcified; (that is to say,) the worsted yarn spun in the county of Bedford shall be six or seven leas reeled on the yard reel, and six leas reded on the seven quarter reel, and six leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard reel, according to the custom of that county: the worsted yarn spun in the county of Huntingdon shall be six or seven leas reded upon the yard reel, and six leas reeled on the seven quarter reel, and six leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard red, according to the custom of that county: the worsted yarn spun in the county of Northampton

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 119

shall be six or seven leas to the fkain, reeled on the yard reef,

according to the custom of that county: the worsted yarn spun Leicester

ini the county of Leicester shall be six or seven leas reeled upon the yard reel, according to the custom of that county: the Rutlandshire.

worsted yarn spun in the county of Rutland shall be six or seven

teas reejed upon the yard reel, according to the custom of that

county: the worsted yarn spun in the county of Lincoln shall be Lincolnshire.

seven leas, reeled upon the yard reel, or two yard reel: and the

worsted yard spun in the isle of Ely shall be seven leas reeled up Isle of Ely.

on the yard reel, and six leas reeled on the seven quarter reel,

and; six leas reeled on the eight quarter, or two yard reel.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all persons employed General re to put out wool for spinning, shall confine themselves either to gulations for six or seven lead yarn, but shall by no means put out both ^uqojrj: Qrout from the same place, nor shall any such person or persons take spinning etcf in, or have in his possession at' one or the same time, the wool or yarn belonging to more than one manufacturer; and that every person or persons who shall put out wool, or take in yarn, other wise than as above specified, shall pay forty Shillings, upon conviction of such offence by the oath (or, if the witness be of the people called Quakers solemn affirmation) of one witness, which penalty shall be paid into the hands of the nearest inspector, and shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice before whom such offender shall be convicted, for the benefit of the persons interested in the fund herein after directed to be established; and that the said committee may and shall give instructions to the spinners, or agents employed to put out wool for spinning, that every hank or fkain shall be the work of one spinner only; and that if any person shall be suspected of having mixed the work of two or more spinners in one hank, and it shall be made appear before one justice of the peace, by the oath (or, if the inspector is of the people called Quakers, by the solemn affirmation) of the inspector, that in his opinion the suspected hank or hanks is or are of such different degrees of fineness as will be prejudicial to the said manufacturers, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for the said justice to convict the person who shall have delivered in the said hank or hanks of having mixed the same as aforesaid, and such person, for every such hank, shall forfeit the sum of sixpence; and if a pound of yarn, more or less, be wrapped about with a (kain of yarn, it shall be equal in goodness, and contain the same number of leas as the hanks in the pound or pounds are directed to be; and that the leas be divided in manner following; (that is to say,) three double leas and a single lea for the seven leas, 2nd three double leas for the six lead yarn: provided always, That every spinner to whom any wool of yarn shall be put out by any manufacturer, who shall keep the same in his or her custody more than four months before it is wrought or delivered back to such manufacturer, or his agent, shall be deemed guilty of embezzling the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or peri

4*Tonnes,

Host

120

Penalties on safe reeling of worsted yarn,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

fons, hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of worsted yarn, or jtx the preparing or working up any of the materials used in the said manufactures, in the said counties, or the isle of Ely, shall reel, or cause to be reelect, or tie up, or cause to be tied up, any worsted yarn, contrary to the directions before specified and laid down for the reeling and tying up such yarn, of shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of any wool, or other materials intruded with him, her, or them, to spin, or for other purposes, and shall of all or any of such several offences be lawfully convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, liberty, division, city, town, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of the owner of such yarn or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation as aforesaid of the inspector or inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) or by the confession of the person or persons charged with all or any of such offences, every such per sort shall, for each and every such offence, be subject and liable to the same penalties and punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former acts, so far as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered, and punishments inflicted, in the manner directed by the said acts, or any of them, and which said penalties shall be publicly distributed, by the constable of the township, parish, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or inspectors, amongst the poor of such township, parish, or place,

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the subjecting any prosecutor or prosecutors of any offender or offenders against this, and the said former acts, to any charges or expetices of conveying such offender or offenders to prison; but such charges and expenses shall be paid and born by the constable or other officer conveying such offender or offenders to prison, and such constable or other officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such charges and expenses, in like manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other charges or expenses incurred in his said office,

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That no part or share of such penalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders, his, her, or their family or families.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any agent or person hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, shall have in his or her custody or possession any worsted.

not reeled according to the directions herein before speci

coyef persons fled s*nd laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or

pot

Prosecutors not liable to charges of conveying offenders to prison.

No part of penalties to be giyen to offenders or their fa ini lies. Penalty on agents rest (lug to dif

1785o Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 121

not set forth and give in evidence, before any of his majesty, guilty of false justices of the peace for the county, liberty, division, city, town, reding, or place, wherein such agent or person hall reside, being thereto required, what person or persons. was or were the reeler or reelers of such false or Short yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the person or persons who reeled or caused to be reeled such false or Short yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they, so refilling, or not setting forth, or giving in evidence as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon, the oath of any person or persons, before any such justice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, so false and Short reelect, which shall be found in his or her custody; all which penalties, inflicted by this act, dial I be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied by every such person, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the township or place, as the penalties hereinbefore mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVIII. And forasmuch as doubts have arisen, whether the goods Goods of and chattels of a husband, whose wife shall offend against the said ^h^wivcs former acts, are liable to distress and sale for raising the penalties offend, liable thereby created; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and to distress after the passing this act, all such penalties as shall be incurred and sale. by any married woman or married women shall and may be recovered, levied, and raised, by distress and sale of the goods

and chattels of the husband or husbands of such married woman or women so offending against this act, in the manner directed by the said former acts, or any of them.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Upon the any person who shall be so appointed an inspector of worsted death of in*yarn shall happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from otfierttobe his said office, it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace of appointed, the said counties, or the isle of Ely respectively, in quarter sessions

assembled, or in any adjournment thereof, to licence some other proper person or persons to be an inspector or inspectors of worsted yarn within the said counties, and the isle of Ely, upon the recommendation of the committee men, or the majority of them, redding in such county, or the Isle of Ely within which the inspector or inspectors, so dying, removed, or displaced, shall have acted; which said person or persons shall be invested with all the powers, and subject to the like removal, jand liable to the like penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the inspector or inspectors in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was or were invested with, or subject or liable to.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any inspector Punishment or inspectors, so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or of inspectors times hereafter take or receive, from any person or persons of fen^e^ from feuding against this or the said former acts, any sum or sums of justice.

money,

122

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

money, or any other thing whatsoever, to screen from justice or other wise to hinder or prevent such person or persons* so offending as aforesaid, from being convicted for such offence or offences, and being thereof convicted upon oath (or, if the witness be of the people called Quakers solemn affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, liberty, division, city, town, or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby ipi powered to administer), then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such in spector or inspectors, so offending, to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in the county, division, liberty, city, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, for the space of one month.

XXI. And whereas, by several acts of parliament made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and several fnhsequent adsy the collectors of the duties upon soap, by the said acts granted, are directed to pay out of the moneys in their hands, by way of drawback, unto any person or persons who Should employ any quantity f soap in tie making of any manufacture whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials Should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the famey the duties upon the soap so spent and consumed as aforesaid \ to the end that a sufficient fund may be raised for defraying the expenses in and about obtaining this aci, and for paying the salaries of the inspectors, and clerk or clerks to be appointed under and by virtue and for the purposes of this act, as aforesaid, and all other necessary expenses attending the carrying this act into execution, under the direction of the said committee, be it further enacted. Fund to be That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the estabhfbed for co]le6tor or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person expenses of or persons employed in the collection of the duties on soap the execution within the counties aforesaid, and the said Isle of Ely, and who of this act., by the said acts are directed to pay such drawback of the duties on soap to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or per r V Tonnes, is and are hereby required from time to time to deduct

and retain the sum of fourpence out of every shilling, to which any person, being a matter manufacturer of combing woo), worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted, residing within the counties aforesaid, or the 7/7<? of Ely, shall from time to time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, she, or they shall demand payment under or by virtue of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever, as and for the duties of and for all soap spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of wool, making of worsted yarn, or any kind of goods made from worsted, or preparing the wool for the same, in the said counties, and the Isle of Ely y and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay, or £ause to be paid, into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 123

appointed by the said committee, at their quarterly meeting (demand being made thereof), all and every the sum or sums of money by him, them, or any of them, so deduced, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the purposes of this act, such treasurer or treasurers giving security, to the satisfaction of the said committee, for all sums so received by him or them.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That the drawback of the du Drawback on ties on all soap which shall be spent, employed, or consumed f?apftufe£ m within the said county of Leicester, in preparing and combing mlufactu^ of wool, and making of worsted yarn, used in the flocking inxeicester weaving manufacture, and in fitting wove stockings for sale, Shire exempt shall, upon oath, (or, if the person be of the people called fro*nthede "Quakers, solemn affirmation) being first made, that the soap duc lon* was spent, employed, and consumed in the said flocking weaving manufactory, be entirely exempted from the abovementioned deduction; which oath or affirmation any justice of the

peace is hereby empowered to administer.

XXIII. Provided also, That the said committee may and Power to re fshall repay all manufacturers of haroteens that make their own Pa? a^uua yarn, within the county of Northampton, whose rate of spinning roteen^in^ does not exceed ten fkains dr hanks in a pound on the average, northamp six leas to the hank or fkain on the yard reel, half of the mo tonshire part ney which shall have by them been paid out of their drawback

on soap/the preceding year, such manufacturers certifying the their°draw same to the said committee oh oath (or, if the person be of the backs, people called gtuaken^ solemn affirmation), which oath or affirmation any justice of the peace is hereby empowered to ad tninifter; but if a manufacturer makes any other sort of goods besides haroteens, or any other sort of yam besides that which is used in the manufacturing of haroteens, he shall be subject to the same drawback, or dedudion, out of his drawback, as any other maker of worsted yarn.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer or The treasur treasurers for the time being shall, out of the money hereafter ers to repay to be received by him or them in manner aforesaid, pay the qfthjga^out charges and expenses of obtaining and passing this act and the of moneys to expenses relative thereto, together with interest for all or any be received, part of such expenses, the salaries of the inspectors and clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the expenses of all prosecutions in support of this, and the said former acts, and such other charges and expenses as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufacture, as the said committee, in committee assembled, shall, by writing under their hands, director appoint; and the said treasurer or treasurers is or are also hereby required not to pay any sum or sums of money, to be hereafter received by him or them for the purposes of this act, in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomsoever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, direction, or appointment in writing, under the hands of such. committee for the time being, in committee

assembled

The rate of Ad. in the Shilling may be increased or reduced.

Water mill spinning machines not to be subject to the provisions of the act.

Members of the committee within each county, or the Hie of Ely, may ap

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1785.

assembled; such treasurer or treasurers shall lay their account before the said committee for examination whenever they may require the same, and shall return and transmit to such committee a true and perfect account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his or their hands, or been paid by him or them, from time to time, as often as the said committee shall require the same.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case, at any time hereafter, the moneys herein before directed and ordered to be paid into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers for the purposes aforesaid, shall, after payment of all and every the charges and expenses herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the sum of two hundred pounds only, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for the said committee, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increasing the aforesaid fourpence per shilling, which the collectors and supervisors of excise are herein before directed to retain in their hands, to any sum not exceeding sixpence in the shilling, as they may think necessary, until the fund shall amount to five hundred pounds; and from time to time, upon like application, reduce the same to threepence, twopence, or one penny, so as the fund in the treasurer or treasurers hands shall not exceed five hundred pounds, nor be reduced to less than two hundred pounds, and so as the same shall not exceed the rate, proportion, or sum of sixpence/w shilling, herein before directed to be deduded and retained as aforesaid.

XXVI. And whereas it is found inconvenient to subject certain machines, wherein worsted yarn is spun by means of a water mill, to the entrance of an inspector or inspectors be it therefore enacted, That all such machines shall be exempted from the several provisions of this act, and that no order of any of the aforesaid committees shall have power to extend to the drawback allowed on soap used in the washing of wool to be spun in the said machines: provided that all persons pofifeffed of any such machines who shall also give out wool to be spun by hand, shall cause the wool intended for spinning by hand to be washed in some place or places different and distant from that whereat they shall wall the wool for any such machine, and shall from time to time exhibit to the collectors or supervisors of his majesty's excise, and to the committee aforesaid, if required, a separate account of the wool washed in each place, and intended for each purpose herein mentioned, which account shall be verified upon oath (or, if the owner or owners be of the people called g)uaker$x solemn affirmation) of the owner or owners, condudor or con dudors of such machines, which oath or affirmation any justice of the peace is hereby empowered to administer.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of the members of the said committee as shall be appointed for, or reside within any of the said counties respectively, or the said Isle of Ely, or the majority of them, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered from

time

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40, 125

time to time, whenever they shall judge necessary, to appoint point addi such number of persons to be additional inspectors within and tionai inspec for their respective counties, or the Isle of Ely (the charges and awe ^ula expenses attending such appointment to be paid and defrayed [tonnes out of the money subscribed or to be subscribed, as herein after mentioned), and also to make such regulations, and do such acts, matters, and things, as they shall think proper for carrying the purposes of this act into execution within, and so far only as relates to their respective counties, or the said Isle of Ely (except the removing of inspectors to be nominated by the find committee); and all such additional inspectors so to be appointed (being approved of by the justices of the peace for such respective counties, or the Isle of Ely, but not otherwise), shall have the same powers and authorities of acting as inspectors within such respective counties, or the Isle of Ely, for or in respect of which they shall be appointed, as are herein before given to the inspectors which shall have been nominated by the said committee in pursuance of this act; and that all such regulations, acts, matters, and things, so to be made as aforesaid,

shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made or done by the said committee, until the next quarterly meeting of the said committee, at which quarterly meeting a report shall be made of such regulations, acts, matters, and things, and the said committee, at such quarterly meeting, shall, and are hereby required to take such report into consideration, and to allow and confirm, or disallow and set aside, or to vary and alter such report, and the several regulations, acts, matters, and things, therein mentioned, or any part or parts thereof, in such manner as they shall think proper, anything in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the appointment of any additional inspectors, or to any regulation, ad, matter, or thing, to be made by such members of the said committee as shall be appointed for any of the said counties respectively, or the said Isle of Ely, or the majority of them, in respect to the management of the private subscription fund within any such county, or the Isle of Ely, as herein after mentioned.

XXVIII Jnd whereas some persons who are not manufacturers of combing wool, wotfed yarn, and goods made from w orfed, may have; already subscribed', or may hereafter subscribe thorny for encouraging the said manufacture within their respective counties, or within the said isle of Ely, be it therefore enacted, That all mo Application ney which hath been or shall hereafter be subscribed by any.

person or persons, not being a manufacturer or manufacturers persons not as aforesaid, for or towards encouraging the said manufacture beine manu within any of the said counties, or the said Isle of Ely, shall be faefcurers. paid to such personas shall be appointed to receive the same, by such of the members of the said committee as shall be appointed for, or reside within such county, or the said Isle of Ely, and it shall be lawful for such members of the said committee, so acting for, or residing within such county, or the Isle of Ely, and they

Justices for southern division of lindtey to act for lincoln shire.

Form of conviction.

Person? aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40.

they are hereby authorised and empowered to apply and dispose of such money in paying and making proper salaries or allowances to any additional inspectors whom they may think fit to appoint as aforesaid, for such county, or the isle of Ely, and for encouraging the said manufacture within such county, or the said isle of Ely, in such manner as they shall, from time to time think proper, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever $ thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas the county of Lincoln consists of three several parts or divisions y (videlicet), Lindsey, Holland, and keft even, be it therefore enacted, That the several powers vested in and by this act in the justices of the peace for the respective counties included in this act, shall be construed and taken, as to the said county of Lincoln and the city and county of the city of Lincoln, to be vested in the justices of the peace for the southern division of the parts of Lindsey, within the said county.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the conviction to be made out in manner and form following; (that is to say),

BE it rememberedy That on the day of

in the year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or us] of his

Majests justices of the peace for

[specifying the offence, and the place where the same was committed; and also specifying that it was the firsty secondy or third offencey against this act, as the case shall be].

Given under my hand and fealy [or our hands and seals-]y the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, liberty, division, town, or place, where such conviction shall be made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept amongst the records of such county, city; liberty, division, town, or place as Woresaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any order, or warrant made by any justice or justices of the peace, or upon any conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to be held for the county, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen days after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal to the person or periods discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the justices at the said quarter sessions either confirm or cfif

annul

G( Ic

127

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40.

annul the order or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons Persons ap appealing to such quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid shall pealing to give security, to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices, so^rol'ecut^ to prosecute such appeal with effedf, and to pay the costs which C p

shall be ascertained by the said quarter sessions, in case such

order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said

quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such

appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award ftieh

costs, as to them shall appear just; which order shall be final Orders to be

and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or re Anal.

movable, by any writ of certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted,

[Proviso.]

That no order or other proceedings so made or had by or before any justice or justices of the peace, in relation to the premises, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or Limitation of action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or actions, persons, for anything done in pursuance of this at, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months,

next after the fat committed, and not afterwards, and shall be

Severally laid, brought, and tried in the county or place wherein

[General issue.]

the cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such suit or action shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the spe

cia! matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and

that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the authority

of this at: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such

suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for

bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or

place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdictt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their

action after the defendant or defendants dial) have iflpeared, or

if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover

treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any Treble cost9.

defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases

at law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the city and county City of lin of the city of Lincoln shall, for the purposes of this act only, be ^oln tcvbe deemed and taken to be part of the county of Lincoln, and to the county. be within Jthe parts of Lindsey, in the said county.

[Publick act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this a<sl shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be

128

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [1785.

judicially taken notice of as such, all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLI.

An act to repeal part of an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty "the relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and other purposes in the said act mentioned; " and for making new provisions for the relief and employment of the poor, for the repairs of the highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other places in the town and parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obstructions, and encroachments therein; for enclosing certain commons or waste lands within the said parish, for the use of the poor; and to enable the vestrymen of the said parish to erett a workhouse thereon; and to purchase land for a burial ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a lane within the said parish called Love Lane.

Act 6 Geo. 3. C ya. recited; so much thereof as relates to the relief and employment of the poor, the repairing the highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other places, in the town and parish of Richmond, and also so much thereof, as provides for the removal and prevention of annoyances, obstructions, and encroachments therein, is repealed. thirty-one vestrymen appointed, together with the minister and churchwardens, and such acting justices as shall reside in the parish of Richmond. Vestryfcnen to meet for the purpose of putting the act in execution, and to bear their own expenses, on notice by five vestrymen. Inhabitants empowered to meet and elect other vestrymen* in case of death, or removal. Vestrymen to occupy aol. per annum Electors, for six months before, to occupy an house charged to the poor at ia 1. per ann. and to pay all arrears before voting. Persons having acted under the act of 6 Geo. 3. to render to the vestrymen a just account of all moneys received, and to pay the same to them, and to deliver books, papers, and writings, upon pain of imprisonment, till composition made with eleven vestrymen. Vestrymen empowered to make bylaws; to be confirmed afterwards at a meeting of thirteen or more Vestrymen to take an oath of office to act impartially, to be administered by five or more vestrymen. Penalty upon vestrymen providing goods, cor being concerned in any contract under this act, 50l. a moiety to the informer, the other to the poor. Persons selling spirituous liquors by retail, not to be vestrymen. Vestrymen to contract with persons (for repairing, etc.) who are most capable of executing their contracts, without the aid of sob contractors; Proceedings of the vestry mento be entered in proper books. No business to be done but at a public meeting. Five vestrymen sufficient to constitute a meeting. Vestry to irieet annually, to appoint a vestry clerk and the officers of the parish. Churchwardens to pay all money they shall receive to the treasurer. side{$nen to be elected annually. Sidefmen not to be vestrymen in right of their office. Vestrymen to elect proper persons to be overseers. Overseers refuiing to act, others to be appointed. Fine for refusal to serve, when chosen as overseer, 101. Vestrymen to appoint a forveyor of the highways, and to give directions for repairing the highways, and other places. IF the forveyor Should die, or neglect his duty, another to be appointed. Proper persons to be chosen to collect the rates. Allowance to collectors 3d. in the pound. Collectors to give security, and to deliver in their accounts when required; and in case of failure, may be imprisoned, etc. until the balance paid. A treaforer to be chosen annually, and to give security. Pound rates to be made for the relief of the poor, and for repairing the highways, etc. poor's rate so much as thirteen vestrymen shall judge necessary. Highway rate not to exceed is. 6d. in the pound. Rates to be paid quarterly. Sums assessed to be entered in books. Landlords of ready furnished houses, to pay

the.

t i Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. & 4

the rates of such houses. Vestrymen tq sign the poof rates, and the same to be allowed by justices. Vestrymen may compound with the occupiers or owners of houses tinder iol. per annum. Ajustice may act in his office, although a. vestrymap, and inhabitants may be wit neffts. Rates to be recovered by distress and sale of goods and chattels. Vestrymen to appoint, what number of watchmen they, think fit, and in case of death, or misbehaviour, to engage others. The watchmen are empowered to apprehend all malefactors and disorderly persons, and to deliver them to the constables, See. Vestrymen to regulate the number Of lamps, and contract for lighting the m. Persons breaking lamps to be fined 40s. and to be imprisoned till paid., Vestrymen to contract for repairing and cleansing. the streets, C and may bring actions against contractors, not fulfilling the ir, contracts, and recover penalties. No aoies, dirt, Sec. to be thrown before any dwelling house, or in any publick place. Persons who suffer their swine to go at large, or create riui fanbes, to' forfeit 40 k. Owners of waterworks taking up the pavement, to repair the same, and on neglect thereof, the Vestrymen to do fuefr repairs, and recover the expenses by distress. Expenses of watchine, lighting, C to be paid out of the rate. The present workhouse out of repair, and the lease thereo* near expiring. Vestrymen empowered to erect and build a workhouse upon part of the commons to be en cibfed by virtue of this act. Vestrymen empowered to purchase a burial ground within the parish. Fourteen days notice of meeting for contracts, to be given, by advertisement, C Property of goods, C for the use of the poor in the workhouse, vested in the vestrymen, who are authorised to prosecute all persons who shall emhezzle any of the said goods, etc. Indictments and actions to be laid and brought in the name of the treasurer. Vestrymen empowered to borrow money, if requisite, not exceeding 30001. Money borrowed, to be paid off, but not more than 5601. at a time, out of the rates. Bonds to be discharged by lot. Securities for money to be entered in a book; and may be aligned. Securities for money already borrowed not to be altered or impeached. Vagrants and persons neglecting or deferring their families; etc. to' be apprehended and sent to the workhouse, and to be set to labour therein, and their earnings to defray the expenses, for support of their families. Vagrants to be sent to the workhouse, and kept to labour. Offenders may be punished by abstinence, and close confinement. Officers employed by the vestry, who shall purloin, etc. to be discharged, and also to forfeit treble the value of the goods embezzled, to be levied by distress and sale of gobds; and for want thereof, may be imprisoned for three, and trot less than one month. Vestrymen to eause the poor in the workhouse to be maintained and employed. Money arising from work done there, to be applied in aid of the poor's rate. Persons refusing to faofk, misbehaving, and not acting confident with the rules of the house, shall be punished, by abftinenhe and confinement, at the discretion of the vestrymen, etc. Encouragement for those deserving of the same. Overseers and constables to aid and assist the vestrymen, and obey their warrants, etc. and oh neglect or refusal, pe*tfalty U to be levied by distress. May appeal to the quarter sessions. Oafual poor to be relieved by a person appointed by the Vestry. State and cireamftatices of cafuai poof, fa relieved, to be laid before the vestrymen, at the next general meeting. Churchwardens, fidefmeny and overseers, to b restrained from relieving the cafuai poor. Churchwardens and fidefmen to visit the workhouse, and report the date there 6f to the vestry. Forfeitures and penalties to be paid to the treasurer, and applied to the purposes of this act. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress or imprisonment, etc. as above. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Two commons, or pieces of waste ground, called the Pefthouse Common, and the Hill Common. Their Majesties willing to grant, and the persons having a right 6f common desirous to enclose the commons. Their Majesties, by writing under their hands, enabled to grant the commons to the vestry. Vestry enabled to enclose the commons. No building to VOL. XXXV & be

*3° Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 42. [1785.

be ere«ted en the hill common. Grant of the commons to be entered on the court rolls. Poor of the parish of Kew to be received into the workhouse to be built at Richmond. Kew poor to be used like Richmond poor. Minister, cof Kew, have power to examine the state of their poor received into the workhouse. His Majesty enabled to shut up Love Lane, from the freehold land of George Ross, esquire, at the south end of the said lane, to the highway leading from kew green to the river side. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Order of sessions to be final. Justices upon appeals may grant relief. Actions commenced in the name of the treasurer shall not abate in case of death, C Informers to be paid, at the discretion of the vestrymen. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. Distresses not to be deemed illegal for want of form, C Plaintiff shall not recover after notice, or after tender of amends.^Limitation of actions not till ten days after tender of amends, and within two calendar months. General issue may be pleacted, and the defendant shall have treble costs if he recover, and to be a public act.

CAP. XLII.

An act for vesting in Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and ofsigns, the sole use and property of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falls, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majesty's dominions, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his mo ft excellent majesty King George the His majesty's W Third, by his Utters patent under the great seal of Great ^vantedto^he hearing date at Westminster, the thirtieth day of April

carl of Dun in twenty first year of his reign, did give and grant unto donald. Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, his especial licence, foie power, privilege, and authority, of making, using, exercising, and vending, within that part of his Majesty's kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town Berwick upon Tweed, his invention of a method of extracting or making tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, falls, and cinders, from pit coal, for the term of four teen years, with a proviso, obliging the said Archibald earl dun i donald, by writing under his hand and seal, to cause a particular description of the nature of the said invention to be inroiled in his met jejlfs high court of chancery within four months after the date of the said recited letters patent: and whereas the said Archibald earl of Dundonald did, in pursuance of the said proviso, cause a particular description of the said invention to be enrolled in the high court of chancery upon the twentieth day of Augustin the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one which description is in the words Specification and form, and Ig the effe ft following, that is to say: The method of the method I have invented for the extracting of tar, pitch, essential oils, of extracting volatile alkalies, mineral acids, and salts, and the making of frompit coal c^n(^ers> rom coal consists in admitting the external air to'have a passage or passages through the vessels or buildings in which the coal, from which any of the above substances are to be distilled, is put, whether by itself, or along with lime stone, flints, iron ore, bricks, or any other substance, by which means the said coals, after being kindled, are enabled, C by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 44/ i31

by their own heat, and without the assistahee of any other fire to throw off, in distillation or vapour, the tar, oil, alkalies acids, and fairs they contain, into receivers or condensing vessels, communicating with the vessels or buildings containing the coals, and at the same time of roasting, calcining, or burning any substances that may be mixed with them 5 it appears to me necessary, lest others encroach on my patent, to describe, as above, the principal upon which I ad, in as few words as possible, and in such a manner as will admit of no ambiguity t therefore, according 10 what is above set forth and declared, persons who shall extract tar, etcetera, from pit coals in vessels or buildings, (it matters not their shape or size)) the coals are made to burn or ignite, without flaming, by a regulated ad million of the external air through different apertures in the buildings, so as by their own heat to throw off the tar, oils, etcetera, that they may contain; persons who do so, without my permission, are deemed to encroach upon my patent; as the only method used or known until my new discovery, was a distillation of coal in close vessels, where the admission of the external air was prevented; and whether other fuel or c9als were required besides the coals contained in the close vessel to produce the heat necessary to pervade the same, and to cause the coals contained therein to throw off the tar, oils, etcetera, that they contained. I do not think it any ways of moment to subjofa any drawings of the buildings or kilns that may be used according to my new invention for the making of tar, etcetera, because these buildings may be made either square, circular, or oval, as fancy may direct, the art depending upon the management of the air admitted into the kilns, which can only be acquired by experience; and as it is by no means meant to keep the manufacture hid or concealed, those who want to see the practical part will have an opportunity so to do at the different places where the manufacture is to be carried on. Exclusive of the above invention, for which only the patent has been obtained,

I promote the condensation of the less coercible part of the vapour that comes off in distillation, by commixing it with the fleam of boiling water, and complete the condensation by the means of cold water, either in contact with the vapour, or applied externally to the vessels through which it passes; and by an admission of the external air into the condensing vessels when needful, I also cause the vapour to pass through more con denting vessels than one, to separate by that means the different oils and substances, according to the different degrees of cold and moisture requisite to condenfc them; or occasionally I follow the usual and common modes in practice for condensing the vapours thrown off from any substances by the action of heat: And whereas his aid most excellent Majesty, by his other let His majesty's ters patent under the seal appointed by the treaty of union to he letters patent kept and used in Scotland, in place of the great seal formerly used ^a^e^tc/the there, bearing date the twenty seventh day of February, in the said farl of twenty first year of his reign, did grant the like licence, power, donald.

132 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 42. [1785.

privilege, and authority,0 the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, of making, vjing, exercising, vending his said invention within

that part of his Majests kingdom of Great Britain Scotland, yi?r like term of fourteen years, with a proviso, obliging him, writing under his hand and seal, to cause a particular defer

ip t ion of the nature of the said invention to be inroiled in his ma je/ly s chancery in Scotland, within four months after the date of the said recited letters patent; in pursuance of which proviso the said Archibald earl of Dundonald did cause such description to be in rolled in the said chancery of Scotland upon the twenty sixth day of June, in the said year one th oufand seven hundred and eighty one, in the same words and form, and to the same effect, as that hereinabove mentioned, as inr oiled in the high court of chancery England; and whereas, in the opinion of competent judges who have attended to the said Archibald earl of dundonald's method, and examined and used the tar, pitch, and other extractions, the invention will be attended with the mof beneficial consequences to the public, the process being simple and easy, and the tar and pitch of a better quality for certain uses than what is generally made in foreign countries, and particularly useful in preserving Ships bottoms from worms: and whereas the said Archibald earl of Dundonald spent much of his time, and was at a great expense in bringing his said invention to perfection before applying for the patents; and after he had procured them, his circumstances not permitting him to carry on the necessary works without the aid of others, the connexions he formed with that view turned out unfortunately y so that hitherto, and when upwards of four years of the term are elapsed, he has reaped no benefit, but on the contrary, his paternal estate is involved in debt; and he is under engagements, by taking leases of coal mines and other wise, which must be ruinous, unless the scheme is prosecuted with vigour by a large advance of money: and whereas the remainder of the Short term of exclusive privilege, granted by the said recited patents, does not afford sufficient encouragement to people otherwise willing to support the said Archibald earl Dundonald; and unless he is supported, the public must be. deprived of the benefit of the invention, while the privilege remains with him: to the end, therefore. That the said Archibald earl of Dundonald may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and Complete his said invention, and his properly therein fecund, not only within Great Britain, but in his Majests colonies and plantations in North America, so that the public may reap all the advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullest extent, and the said Archibald earl of Dundonald may obtain an adequate recompense for his labour, time and expencey may it please your most excellent Majesty (at the humble petition and request of the said Archibald earl of Dundonald) that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual. and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Sale privilege That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven of making tar, hundred and eighty-five, the foie privilege and advantage of from'p^coal makhig extracting tar, pitch, eifential oils, volatile alkali,mineral

Earl of dun donajd been at great expense, and cannot carry on the works without assistance.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 42. 133

mineral acids, fairs, and cinders, from pit coal, by the method vetted in the 'herein before particularly set forth and described, and of vend ?arl dun ing the same within the kingdom of Great Britain, and year, fronx Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, shall be, June 1, 1785. and are hereby declared to be, vetted in the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during the term of twenty years; and that he the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall at any time agree with, and for no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein before mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make --

or extra tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, by the method herein before described, and vend the same within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, in such manner as to him the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall in their discretions seem meet; and that the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of his said invention, for the said term of twenty years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the same for and during, and to the full end and term of twenty years, as aforesaid; and that no other person or persons within the kingdom of Great Britain, or any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in North America, shall, at any time during the said term of twenty years, either directly or indirectly, do, make, use, or put in practice the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in any wise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubtradion from the same; whereby to pretend himself or themselves the inventor or inventors, devisor or devifors thereof, without the licence, consent, or agreement of the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, first had and obtained in that behalf, upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted upon such offenders, for their contempt of this act and further, to be answerable to the said Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occasioned.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That nothing Ad not to in this a contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ^deran prejudice or hinder any person or persons from making or ex person from trading tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, making tar, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, by any method which is not pitch, etc. ths invention of the said Archibald earl of Dundonald) as afore which18 notl

K 3 said j

*34 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 42. [1785.

the invention said; dr which has been publicly used or exercised by any of the earl of other person or persons, before the time of the date of the said Dundonald. letters patent herein recited; but that all such methods which are npt at present of the said invention of the said Archibald earl of Dundanald, or are not particularly specified in this act, shall be and remain to the public, and to the respective inventors thereof, as if this act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviso - Provided also, That every objection in law, competent against the said patents, shall be competent against this act, to all intents and purposes, except so far as relates to the term hereby granted.

Theprivileges

IV. Provided always, That if the said Archibald earl of dun grated by donald, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person

this act not or persons who shall, at any time during the said term of twenty ferred^more years have or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, than, hve per fr or to the power, privilege, or authority of the sole use fona/ and benefit of the said invention, shall make any transfer or assignment,

or pretended transfer or assignment, of the said liberty or privilege hereby granted, or any share or shares, of the benefit or profits thereof; or shall declare any trust thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five, or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for publick subscriptions, to be made by any number of persons exceeding the number of five, in order to the raising any sum or sums of money, under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted; or shall by him dr themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, of any number of persons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes; shall presume to act as a corporate body j or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby granted, into any number of shares exceeding the number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any ad, matter, or thing whatsoever, during such time as such person or persons shall have any right, or title, either in law or equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of his late 6 Geo.i.c.i8. majestyr King George the First, (entitled, An act for the better securing certain pnuers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two charters, for assurance of hips and merchandizes at fed, and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining several 'extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned)y or in case the said power, privilege, of authority, shall at any time become vested in, or in trust for more than the number of five, persons, of their representatives, at any onetime, otherwise than by deviseor succession, (reckoning executors nd administrators as and for the fingl£ person whom they represent, as to such interest they are or (half be entitled to in right of such their testator or intestate); that then, and in every of the said cases all liberties and advantages whatsoever, hereby granted shall

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c43. 135

utterly cease, determine, and become void; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Public act.]

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to repeal the duties on male servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants

WHEREAS by an act, made in the seventeenth year of the Preamble reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting 17 Geo. 3. to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed C 39-in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the? nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, upon air persons and bodies politic and corporate haying certain quantities of silver plate; it was enacted That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall he paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after the rate of twenty-one Billings per annum for every male servant within Great Britain, who Should then have been, or who Should afterwards be retained or employed in the several capa cities therein described and enumerated; such yearly sum to be charged on the mafier or mijirefs of every such male servant in manner there in mentioned; and the said duty on male servants was put under the receipt and management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes: and whereas, in the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, another act was made, for amending the said act: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty first year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An si Geo. 3. act for the better management and collection of the duties upon C 31 male servants, granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the receipt and management of the said duties upon male servants were transferred from the com mifftoners of the duties on houses, s, and lights, to the commissioners of excise for England and Scotland respectively; and further provisions were made for better securing the said duties on male servants: and whereas by virtue of an act made in the twenty fe iond year of his Majesty's reign, for granting additional duties orv u Geo. 3. the produce of the several duties under the management of the C of of customs and excise, an additional duty of five poundsr per centum became charged upon the said duty on male fer vantt^md has been ever ftnee collected: now, we y your majesty's most

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said duties on mate servants, mentioned in the said several recited acts respectively, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new duties herein after mentioned upon male and female servants, as well for the purposes for which the said recited duties on male servants were made applicable, as towards, raising the supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent rp^jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Puties on the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou cranted by and even hundred and eighty-five, the duties on male servants,

the recited granted by the said recited as, or any of them, shall cease, deaths,

repealed. fermine, and be no longer paid or payable.*

Not to jiffe#

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing the recovery herein contained shall be construed to affect the recovery of ar

or arrears. rears of the said repealed duties, which, on the said fifth day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, may retrain unpaid, or the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before the same day.

From July 5,

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That, from and 1785, the fol after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and to be pjd^for e'ghty ^ve5 t^lere be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and male servants. successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by every person who shall retain cu employ any male servant or servants, the several yearly sums following 5 that is to say,:

For one or two, il. 5s. each s

for three or four il. 10s.

each; .-

five to seven, il. 15s. each: eight to ten, al. each: for eleven, and upwards, 3l. each.

An additional il. 5s. for every male servant retained by unmarried men above i years, of age.

Enumeration of male fer yants so*

For one male servant, the sum of one pound and five shillings:

For two male servants, and not more, the sum of one pound and five Shillings each:

For three, and not more than four male servants, the sum of one pound and ten Shillings each:

For five, and not more than seven male servants, the sum of one pound and fifteen Shillings each:

For eight, and not more than ten male servants, the fpm of two pounds each:

And for eleven male servants, and upwards, the sum of three pounds each:

And every male person, of the age of twenty-one years and upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or employ any male servant or servants, shall pay the annual sum of one pound and five Shillings for each male servant, over and above the duties herein before mentioned

IV. Andy in order to ascertain what description of male servants shall be within the duties herein before granted, be it further enacted, That the said duties granted by this ast shall extend to, and be payable for, every male servant who shall be retained or

employed

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 137

employed in any of the following capacities; that is to say, whom the maitre d'hotel, house steward, master of the horse, groom of duties shall be the chamber, valet de chamber, butler, under butler, clerk of Paid the kitchen, confectioner, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, postillion, stable boy, and the respective helpers in the (tables of such coachman, groom, or postillion, gardener not being a day labourer, park keeper, gamekeeper, huntsman or whipper in, waiters in taverns, coffeehouses, inns, alehouses, or any other houses licensed to sell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail (other than occasional waiters), or by whatsoever name or names, male servants really siting m any of the said capacities shall be calied, or whether such male servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said capacities or in any other

business jointly with one or more of the same.

V. And bent further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Duties to be day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there Pa, d so^.

: shall also be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^ta5fier* throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by every person who (ham retain or employ any female servant or servants, the rates and duties following; that is to say.

Every person who shall retain or employ any one female fer For one, vant, and not more, shall, for such female servant, pay annually as, 6d.: the sum of two Shillings and sixpence:

Every person who shall retain or employ two female servants, for two, 58. and not more, shall, for each of them, pay annually the sum of each: five Shillings 2

Every person who shall retain or employ three or more fe for three, or male servants, shall, for each of them, pay annually the sum of more>i0s* ten Shillings: each:

And every male person of the age of twenty-one years, and and maleper upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or em sons unmarri ploy any one female servant, and not more, shall, for such fe rosa XC male servant, pay annually the sum of two Shillings and six to pay an^ad pence, over and above the duty for one female servant herein ditionalas.6d* before mentioned: for one fer

And every male person of the age of twenty-one years and van^ch upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or em tw^servants ploy two female servants, and not more, shall, for each of them, pay annually the sum of five Shillings, over and above the duty of five Shillings each for two female servants, herein before mentioned:

And every male person of the age of twenty-one years, and and 10s. each, upwards, never having been married, who shall retain or em for thfree or ploy three or more female servants, shall, for each of them, pay more crvants* annually the sum of ten Shillings, over and above the duty of

ten Shillings each for three or more female servants, herein be fore mentioned

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

t

13 8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

Not to extend duties granted by this act shall not extend to any male or fe o servants male servant who shall be retained or employed bona fide for the employed in purposes of husbandry, farmers, dairy, or manufacture, or of can Ty* any trace or cal^ng (other than waiters, as aforesaid) by which the matter or mistress of such servant shall earn a livelihood of

Duties for coachmen, grooms, etc. lee out to hire, by whom to be paid.

Duties to be paid for apprentices employed in any of the capacities before mentioned.

Exception,

Not to extend to butlers, etc. in the universities;

nor to the servants of the foyal family;

nor the royal hospitals, etc.

Cne servant of any officer under the rank of a. field officer, etc. not liable to the duties.

profit.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the duty hereby granted for every coachman, groom, postillion, or helper, let out to hire by way of job, shall be paid by the matter or mistress, for whole use and in whose service such coachman, groom, postillion, or helper, shall be employed respectively $ the duty hereby granted for every gardener, retain$d#or employed by any person or persons who shall contract for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the perfoiv or persons for whose use and in whose garden such gardener shall be employed,

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to exempt any person or persons from the payment of any of the duties granted by this act, in respect of any servant retained or employed in any of the capacities aforesaid, on account or under pretence that such servant is or shall be bound as an apprentice to such person or persons; save and except such apprentices as are or mall be imposed upon any matter or mistress, under and by virtue of the powers given to magistrates and parish officers by any aett of parliament, so as the number of such apprentices, so imposed upon any matter or mistress, does not exceed two: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt any such apprentice or apprentices who is or are employed as livery servants.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this actor anything herein contained, shall not extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, the butler or butlers, manciple, cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, or porter or porters, of any college or hall within either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen, or Saint Andrew's, in Scotland, or of the several colleges of Westminster, Eaton, or Winchester\ or the servants of his majesty, or any of the royal family; ofrof any ambassador or foreign minister residing in the kingdom of Great Britain.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any of the duties hereby granted, any of the royal hospitals of Chrifi, Saint bar tholomew. Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the city of London, and borough of Southwark, or Guy's, or the Foundling hofyitix.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed, any officer serving in any regiment of horse or dragoons, under the rank, or not receiving the pay of a field officer, provided he retains no more than one servant; nor any officer serving in any regiment of artillery,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

infantry, or marines, or corps of engineers, for any servant who is actually a soldier in the regiment or company to which such officer shall belong; nor any officer in his majesty's navy, under the rank of a matter and commander in actual employ, for any servant who is born upon the books of the ship to which such officer shall belong.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Officers difa officer on half pay from his majesty's navy, army, or marines, else who have been disabled by loss of a limb, or wound received ^cc^and oit in his majesty's service, shall be charged for the duty on male half pay, not servants for one male servant only, under the authority of this liable to the af shall and may be lawful for the acting of for duties for one any district in England, or the of of supply in Scat lervau: land, on an appeal made to them by such officer, and proof on

oath made that he is an officer on half pay, and disabled as aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the said of, to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against such officer.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every person Clause in fa who shall have living in their houses two or more lawful crhil fonshlvinl* dren or grand children, under the age of fourteen years, shall, y^ung^hil? in respect of every two such lawful children or grand children, dren or graad be exempted from the payment of the duties by this act imposed children,

for one female servant; that is to say, if any person, having two such lawful children or grand children, shall have one female servant, and not more, he or she shall be wholly exempted from the duty hereby imposed; if any person, having four such lawful children or grand children, shall have two female servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one female servant, at the same rate as if he or she retained only one female servant, and no more; and foin proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner herein before provided, for every two such children or grand children.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Female fer this act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any vants above, matter or mistress to the payment of any of the duties imposed or under, cer by this act for any female servant who shall be retained by him [^bie tosthe° or her, where it mail be made appear, by an extract from the duties, register of the births kept in the parish, properly authenticated,

where such servant was born, that at the time of making the assessment (he shall be under the age of fourteen years, or above the age of sixty years.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the duties charged by Duties to be this act shall be affelted, raised, levied, collected, and received collected by by such persons, and shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in such and the like form and manner, and the exche 0*0 with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and quer under disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and direc such penal tiens, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levy tie as ing, collecting, receivings and paying the duties on houses and g ttep dutk %; - windows

on hottfes and windows, by two acts of ac Geo. 2.

C 3,

C 4»;

at Geo. 1. c. 10;

a6 Geo. a. C 17 j

31 Geo. a. C 22;

Geo. 3.

C

Geo. 3.

C 38;

19 Geo. 3. c. 595

24 Geo. 3. c. 38.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights;

for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, flr lights; for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty sever al rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, entitled, An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, 66 An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; for granting to his majesty other rates duties upon houses, windows, or lights \ and for raising the sum 0} four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or dutiesand by an act, t made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and by an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions and upon houses, and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum offive millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates or duties upon windows or lights; and by an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and by another act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the duties on all inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act 5 and also for amending so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all fetvants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee y and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon; or in or by any of the said acts; and all the powers, authorities, rules and directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, now in force, contained in the said acts, relative to the duties on houses and windows or lights, for assessing, rgising, levying, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full foree, and be duly observed, practised and put in

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 141

execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for assessing, raising, levying, coliefling, and paying the duties hereby placed under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, so far as such provisions shall be applicable to the said duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That for assessing, levying, commission collecting, and paying the duties charged by this act, the comers of the

>. missioner authorised or appointed, or who shall be hereafter afore*: n". authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the said acts onhouse1* relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, shall C to put be of for executing this present act, and the powers this act in therein contained, in all and Angular the counties, shires, flew execution, artries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Great Britain; and such commit first meet sioners, for the speedy execution of this act, shall, in the rec speflive counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed of, meet for the first time on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and afterwards shall in like manner meet yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said of for the time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth day of April; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate distrifls, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the duties granted by this act, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, with respect to the duties thereby imposed, except so far as an alteration is made by this act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, Commission

by any negligence or default, there shall not have been a meeters, on default ing of the said of for executing this act, within or QI?

at the times, or according to the manner hereby prescribed, the above^men'said of, or any two pr more of them, in the respectioned, may tiye counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, meet after cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein warc*s? et such default shall have happened, may and shall meet at any other time or times, as soon as may be after the time or times so prescribed, in order to execute the powers of this act, so as, that the said duties charged by this act may be duly gnd effect tually assessed, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, notwithstanding any such default or defect as j( aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Oaths to be ' person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution taken by

of this act, (except in administering the oath herein after expressed) until he shall have taken the several oaths requisite to €r3 % qualify him for afling as a commissioner of the several duties % charged on hoqfes, and windows pr lights, by any of the acts i*herein

1,

4 I:

if

144

New oath.

Penalty on a6ung before taking the oaths.

The first af feflraent for three, quarters of a year.

Duties to be paid quarterly.

Clause relative to persons who have paid the old duties in advance

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following oath, that is to say,

IA.B. doswear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Thirds to repeal the duties on male Servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants; and that I will determine upon all appeals which shall be brought before mei under the said act, according to the befi of my kill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the of in the county, Shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall a as a commissioner for the execution of this a6v, except as aforesaid, before he shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the first assessment of the duties charged by this act* shall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the assessment of the duties charged by this act shall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said duties charged by this act shall be paid at the times and in the proportions following, (that is to say), quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, by equal portions; the first of the said quarterly payments to be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all persons who, previously to the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall have already paid the said repealed duties on male servants for any part of the said three quarters for which the first assessment on male servants' under this act is hereby directed to be made, or their respective executors or administrators, shall, after paying the said first assessment, have a right to receive back from the of'of excise, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any money which shall have been paid into, or be in their hands, such a proportion of the repealed duties on male servants, so already paid to the said commissioners of excise or theif Officers, as shall be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties, in respect of such male servants, for the said three quarters on the said first assessment, or for any part thereof; for which purpose the said commissioners of excise are hereby required to make such orders, in respect to the time and tnanner of such repayment) as to them shall appear bed calculated

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 14

lated to effectuate the intention of this act, and to prevent a charge of double duties for male servants on any person: provided always, That no person shall be entitled to receive back from the comm i (Turners of excise, or their officers, under the provision aforesaid, any sum in respect of such repealed duties on male servants, for any portion of the said three quarters, less than a full quarter of a year.

XXII. And, for more effectually levying and collecting the said duties granted by this act, be it further enacted, That if If assessors^ there shall be a neglect of appointment of assessors of the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or if the assessors ap veyors^ete. pointed shall neglect what is required of them by this act, then, may perform and in every such case, it shall be lawful to and for the surveyor the same, or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, to do and perform such and the like services as, by the said acts or any of them, are required from such assessors.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person soap Oaths to bg pointed or to be appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor by or inspector hereby authorised to act as an assessor, shall, before asse*for8v he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besides the oaths or affirmations required to be

taken by assessors by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called ghiakers, make and fubfqribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form;

I A.B. do swear, [or affirm, as the case may require], That New oath, in the assessment which I am required to male by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Thirds to repeal the duties on male servants; and for charging new duties upon male and female servants; 1 willaff according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the of in the county, Shire, stewartry, city, or place, where e assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person so appointed, or to be ap Penalty on pointed, or hereby authorised to act as assessor, shall presume actingbeforg to act in the execution of the said office or employment, before?

he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case shall be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commis Notice to be sioners for executing this act shall, in the precepts to be from 8lven the time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes the^ppoint*replaces within their respective districts or divisions, naming ment of whom they shall think fit to be assessors under the said acts, re feffors, lative 19 the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or

144 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

[17$$.

any of them, cause notice to be insert^d^ that such person are also appointed assessors of the duties granted by this act,

Assessors to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such persons to be wkin^to6* appolnte^ assessors as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen days after Rafters tete. l^eir appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to produce'to or for every person keeping any male or female servant liable lists of their to the duties granted by this a, within the limits of the places. fervai\ts for which such assessors are to act, at his or her dwelling house, theirdiftrict" to prepare or produce, 'within fourteen days next ensuing the etc*of giving such notice, separate lists in writing of his or her

male and female servants retained or employed within such limits, every such list to describe the christian name and farname of each servant, and the capacity in which each shall have been retained or employed and to contain the greatest number of servants, male and female, which such person shall have retained of employed at any one time in the course of the year ending the fifth day of April preceding such notice; arnd every such person shall, after such notice so given or left, make out the said lists and sign the same with his or her own name, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such aflef for or assessors*are hereby required and d irected to call for How assessor the same: and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to make to proceed, in oat, sign, and deliver such lists as aforesaid, within the time negletno de ^e^ore'men^oned> then such assessor or assessors shall, from the liver such best information he or they can obtain, 'make an assessment lists. upon such person so neglecting or refuting, for and in respect of the number of male and female servants, liable to the duties granted by this act, so kept by him or her; and every such assessment so made upon any such neglect of refusal Avail be final and conclusive upon the person thereby charged, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her dwelling house at the time of the delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such list as aforesaid to the assessorj of unless such person shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered his or her list, as the of sot executing this act shall in their judgement think reasonable and sufficient.

Lists to con

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That eft^umber^f respe<*ve which shall be delivered, in the manner servants em herein before mentioned, by order of the said of, ployed during on the first assessment to be made by virtue of this act* shall con the time to tain the greatest number of male and female servants as afore which they said, which the persons from whom such lists are herein before teate. required shall respectively have at any time kept between the tenth day of October> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

Commission XXVII And, to the end that no person may pay for his or ers, on appli* her servants in more parishes or districts than one within the jj?c same year, be it further enacted That if any person, having 5*been

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 145

been assessed under this act in one parish or district for his or to perform her fervanrs within the same, shall be again assessed in another who have parish or district, for or in respect of such servants - any of them; in every such case, the commissioners for the execution places' for of this act, within such latter parish or districts, or the majority the lame of the said of present, at any application for the servants. purpose, may and are hereby required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, on proof given before them that such person has paid the said duties, for or in respect of such servants, in another place, and in what place specifically, or hath been assessed for the same; which proof shall be made, as to the fact of payment, by producing a receipt ffgned by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or, in default thereof, by other reasonable evidence to the satisection of the said of for the execution of this act, cr the majority of them, before whom such evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid proof, as to the fact of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of tffe assessment ffgned by two or more of of the district for which such assessment shall have been made, (which copy or certificate the clerk then attending the said of shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the same), or, in default of such qopy or certificate, then such proof shall be made by other evidence, to the satisfaction of the of present, or the majority of them.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That clausere*atwe every person who shall be called upon by virtue of this act to ^patfor give such lists as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in ^vantfin such lists, at the same time make a declaration, signed by him different pa or her, of the number of servants respectively he or she shall rifhea. mean, to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular

parishes or parish, or districts or district, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other servants respectively, so as that every such list or declaration shall contain the whole number of servants retained by such master or mi ft refs within the kingdom of Great Britain, in order to their being charged according to the several rates prescribed by this act, in proportion to the greatest number retained in the whole; and the said assessors shall enter the list or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver the said list or declaration to the surveyor for each parish or district, in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That such assessors as In case the lists

aforesaid shall not be bound by such lists as shall be delivered delivered to

to them respectively, in pursuance of this act; but shall, be at a

V t, e K /, ., r shall be found

liberty, if they Inal! find, upon due examination, that any fer deficient/her

: vant or fervanrs is or are omitted in such lists, to surcharge the may lure barge

same, and make a true assessment upon every person keeping the same.

such servants within their respective districts, of the real nuto,

XXXV L ber

1^6 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

ber of servants retaihed or employed by each such person, distinguiftiing every such servant in manner herein before directed. Assessors to

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such assessors as thellj. aforesaid shall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing the commiflh their assessments of the said duties granted by this act, within oners within the limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, un 3 months to the said of, for the execution of this act, or any after their two or more of them, within the space of three calendar months Commission next ater time of their being appointed assessors; and the erstoggnthe said of, to whom such assessments shall be so defame, and ap livered, or any two of them, shall, within the space of one ca point coilec Jendar month next after the receipt of the same respectively, ors, etc. or a |oon after as conveniently may be, set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors as aforesaid, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons, named or presented in each of such assessments, to be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said of for the execution of this act, or any two or more of them, shall think able and responsible for the respective divisions and places for which collectors shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, so by the said of allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties so assessed, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors under the before mentioned acts may insped the list before they are signed, and amend them.

If surveyors discover any omissions after the lists are signed, they are to certify the same to the of, etc.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every surveyor and surveyors, and inspector and inspectors, appointed and to be appointed under and by virtue of the said several acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and authorised to insped and examine any list, or lists to be made out and signed by any such person retaining or employing any such male or female servant or servants aforesaid, or any assessment or assessments for any parish or place, before the commissioners for the execution of this act shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such list or lists, or assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing; and every person in whose custody any such lists or assessments shall be, shall, and he is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors, shall, after any such list or lists, and assessment or assessments, shall be so respectively made out, and signed and allowed as aforesaid, find and discover upon his or their surveyor examination, that any person who ought to be charged with the duties granted by this act, or any of them, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, such surveyor or surveyors, or inspector or inspectors,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 147

shall certify the same in writing under his or their Hand or hands, according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more okthe said of for the execution of this act, in order to have such omission or underrate rectified in the said assessments; and such of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXXII. And whereas some persons, liable to the duties granted

by this amay negiefl to deliver such lists and declarations as are herein before required be it further enacted, That where any Penalty on person liable, under the directions herein before contained, to to deliver such lists or declaration as aforesaid to the assessors, shall anctdeclara refuse or neglect, within the time herein before ptescribed, to tiens. deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such list or lists, or declaration, to such assessor or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds

XXXIII. Andy to the end that persons keeping servants liable to -"

the duties granted by this a fly or any of them may delivery or cause Matters to be to be delivered, to the affefjor or assessorsy true lists and declarations doubly rated of their respective servantsy be it further enacted, That in all ler-

cases where any assessor, or surveyor or inspector, shall make a omit in their surcharge upon any person for or in respect of his or her servant lists.

or servants, omitted to be inserted in any such list or decjara One half of tien as aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after the rate of which {ur- double the duty of the servant so omitted; and the assessor or flowedthec surveyor so making such surcharge shall be, and he is hereby in assessor or titled to, and shall have and receive for his own use, one moi surveyor ety of the sum charged by every surcharge which shall be justly allins the made upon any such list or declaration. ame*

XXXIV. And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in discovering lodgers or inmates in any house 3 liable to pay the duties granted by this act\ be it therefore enacted, That the inhabitant Inhabitant householder of any house, in which there shall be any lodger or householdera inmate, keeping any servant or servants liable to the said duties foyers*by this act, or any of them, shall, within a week after wfc0 cp,

requisition, by notice in writing left at any such house, from servants, or by any assessor, surveyor, or inspector of the said duties on servants, deliver to, or leave for, such assessor, surveyor, or inspector, a lilt, in writing, of every lodger or inmate in such, who shall, at the time of delivering or leaving such notice, retain or employ any servant liable to the said duties granted by this act, or any of them, or shall have retained or employed any such servant or servants From the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on the'first assessment under this ai; and from the fifth day of April in in each preceding year, on e ery future assessment; which list containing shall express the christian and surname of every such lodger or the names of inmate, and also of every such servant or servants, to the bed thepartle*; of the knowledge or information of such inhabitant houe Gn penalty of holder: and if any inhabitant householder shall refuse or neglect I y

L 2 to

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

to deliver any such list as last herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit or miirepresent any description which ought to be contained therein he or she so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds.

Persons over

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or rated may appersons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively commuiion overcharged or overrated by any assessments, charge, or lur

charge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said of for the execution of this at; and the: said of, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine ali such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her list or lists, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient cause, to the satisfaction of the of, in man

Appellantto ^ner for such omission herein before mentioned; provided that, deliver, on at the time of hearing the same appeal, a list or lists shall be

of the*1 reateft pro^ucec^' by or on Part f the appellant, upon his or her number of CU oat f the greatest number of servants, liable to the aforesaid servants em duties granted by this al, of such appellant, within the district ploved, etc. or limits of the place where such appeal shall be made, kept by

him or her at any time between the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with respect to the space of time which shall have elapsed between the said tenth day of osiober, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or with respect to any future year, the greatest number of such servants which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every such year, with such description and explanation, and also such list or declaration as to other districts, as is herein before required; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined, for the first assessment, on such days as the said of for the execution of this act, or any two or more of them, shall appoint, and afterwards on the days to be appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned with respectc to the duties on houses, and windows or lights.

Commission

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said comers not to missioners for the execution of this adh or any of them, shall rnsfct* any 7 /

abatement in not, upon hearing any appeal, make any abatement or de

the charge, falcation in the charge or surcharge made upon any person by etc. unless it such assessment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such fur o^oa^tha't veyor or furyeyors as aforesaid, but the same shall stand good the appellant anc remain Part f the annual assessment, unless it shall then is overrated, appear to the said of, by examination upon oath. Ten da s no t^lat person s overrated in and by such assessments or fur ticeto be given charge; and every person intending to appeal to the said com of appeal. missioner shall, and is hereby required to give at the least: ten

days

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

days notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein such person is fated, of such intention to appeal: and such surveyor or inspector and assessors may then and there attend to justify the said assessment and surcharge; and such surveyor, inspector, and assessor, and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present: during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and the determination of the said of on the same: and the said commission of are hereby authorised and empowered upon every ^in^rtain such appeal, although they shall confirm the surcharge of such rer^it the^pe assessors, or surveyor or inspector, upon application of such ap unity before pellant as aforesaid, to remit and strike off the penalty herein directed to be before directed to be paid to such assessor, surveyor, or inspec pt the for, surcharging such list, if they shall be of opinion that there a C ov> etc was any doubt whether the servant so furchanred was rateable within the meaning of this act, and was wilfully omitted by such appellant out of such list or lists, or declaration as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That penalty on if, on such examination on the hearing of such appeal, it shall appear to the said of for the execution of this act, faife^fur 118*that such surcharge was falsely and vexatiously made; then, and charge, in such case, such surveyor, or assessor or inspector so surcharging, (half forfeit and incur such penalties and punishment as, ity and by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, or inspectors or assessors, for neglect of duty.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all appeals, determina once heard and determined by the said of of this tien of comad, or any two or more of them, or the major part of them ^n^je#rsto then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing w 9

of appeals, shall be final, except as herein ascer excepted. except, etc.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if either the said Persons dicta surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing, in that part tisffed may, of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon ^acto^the Tweedy shall apprehend the determination made by the said court of*of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of king's bench; ttys ad, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied

with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or inspector, or person so appealing fespectively, V to require the said of for the execution of this act to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said of, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the jttftices of the court of king's bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted,

and in Scotland, to the court of session, etc.

Proviso, relative to cases transmitted to the judges.

Moneys arising from thi<? act to be paid into the exchequer, and entered iepa rate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Penalties exceeding aol.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1785.

with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of the appeal shall be altered or confirmed: and if either the said surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said of, or the major part of them then present, to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said of are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said of for the execution of this act shall stand, with respect to the payments which shall! become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, 'upon such case.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duties granted by this act, and paid into the4aid receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and all moneys so paid into the said receipt under this act, shall be appropriated in manner following; (thgt is to say), the annual sum of fifty-one thousand pounds, part of the duties arising by this act, shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund as is directed by the said recited act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, in respect to the duties on male servants thereby granted; and the remainder of the duties granted by this act, shall be a fund for the payment of the annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, viclu* ailing, and transport hills, and ordnance debentures.)

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every penalty or forfeiture which shall be incurred under this act of a greater sum

than

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. tgt

than twenty pounds, shall be recovered in any of his majesty's where to be courts of record at Westminster, if the matter shall arise within recovered. England or Wales^or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the court of session, court of justiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdom, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, in all cases where Penalties not the penalty by this at imposed doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more

recoverable before two

justices of the peace of the county, riding, hire, stewartry, di justices; vision, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of every such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment at(? shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and

chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of such county, riding, Shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such justices shall think most proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all constables and Constables, headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers, ?tc\tobe a, <* shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively this^cu aiding and assisting in the execution of this as, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf by the respective of hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, or Limitation of informations, for any offence against this act, shall be brought actions, within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble costs, them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

[General issue.]

Preamble;

From July 5,

1785, no policy of infur ance'on ships or goods to be made, without irj ferting therein the names of the per tonnes interested, or of their a genls.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for regulating insurances on Ships, and on goods, merchandizes or effects.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the making or effecting insurances on Ships or vessels, and on goods, merchandizes, and effects in blank, and without specifying therein the name or names of any person or persons for whose use and benefit, or on whose account, such insurances are made or effected, hath been, in many respects, mischievous, and productive of great inconveniences; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[From July 5, 1785, no policy of insurance on ships or goods to be made, without inserting therein the names of the persons interested, or of their agents.]

That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons, who shall live or reside in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made any policy or policies of assurance upon his, her, or their interest in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or on any goods, merchandizes, effects, or other property, without inserting in such policy or policies, his, her, or their own name or names, as the person or persons interested therein, or the name or names of the person or persons who shall effect the same, as the agent or agents of the person or persons so really interested therein, or for whose use or benefit, or on whose account, such policy or policies is or are so made or underwrote; and that it shall not be lawful, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for any person or persons who shall not live or reside in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made any policy or policies of assurance upon his, her, or their interest in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or on any goods, merchandizes, effects, or other property, without inserting in such policy or policies the name or names of the agent or agents of the person or persons so really interested therein, or for whose use or benefit, or on whose account,

[Policies made contrary hereto, shall be void.]

the same is or are so made or underwrote; and that every policy or policies of assurance, made or underwrote contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XLV.

An act for reducing the time for the imprisonment of debtors committed to prison, upon prosecutions in courts of conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court; and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of such imprisonment.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by various acts of parliament now in force, and made to establish or regulate courts for the recovery of small debts, particularly in the city of London, the county of Middlesex,

-+-

the city, and liberty of Westminster, the towegghamlets, and within the town and borough of Southwark, thermno uniform*time limited for the duration of the imprisonment of We defendant or debtor, against whom an execution, process of contempt, or precept in the nature of an execution, is ijfusd for nonpayment of such debts, and cofis, sum or sums of'money, as by the order or orders of such courts, such debtor or defendant is ordered or dire died to pay, but such debtors or defendants are by such atts of parliament to be committed to prison, there to remain for an indefinite length of time, until he, she, or they, shall perform the order of the court or commissioners in that behalf, so that it frequently happens that a poor person who is not of ability t6 pay a debt of or under forty Billings, is imprisoned for many months, and sometimes for years, without a po]fibiliiyt of being discharged: and whereas it often happens that poor persons who are committed to prison by virtue of, and in pursuance of the said atts of parliament, for a trifling debt, are kept in custody, after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such debt, for gaol fees, notwithstanding it does not appear by the table of fees in such atts of parliament, that any gaol fees whatever are to be, taken dr paid: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same That, From June from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand ^4, 1785* seven hundred and eighty-five, no person or persons whomso mitted\o°pri ever, being a debtor or defendant, and who have been, or shall son by courts" be committed, to any gaol or prison, by order of any court, or of conference of authorised by virtue of any act or acts of parlia in London, ment, to constitute or regulate any court or courts for the re covery of final! debts in the city of London, in the county of debt of 20s. Middlesex, and town and borough of Southwark, in the county or under, not of Surrey, where the debt does not exceed twenty Shillings, shall to he confin be kept or continued in custody, on any pretence whatsoever, more than twenty days from the time of his, her, or their notexce'eding commitment to prison: and where the debt does not amount 40s. for more to, dr exceed the sum of forty Shillings, more than forty than 40 days, days from the time of his, her, or their commitment as aforesaid 5 and all gaolers, keepers, or turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such persons accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Such prison that when the time shall expire for which such person or per ers to be dif fons respectively shall have been committed dr sent to any gaol charged wither prison as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall im gaohees0/ mediately be discharged and set at liberty without paying any sum or sums of money, see or sees, or other reward or gratuity whatsoever, to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of such gaol or prison, or others, by way of gaol, sees, or discharge sees, or otherwise, on any pretence whatsoever; and every gaoler, Penalty on keeper, or turnkey, of any such gaol or prison or others, de gaolers, etc, manding, taking, or receiving any fee or sees, sum or sums of £eee" andias money whatsoever, upon the discharge of any such person or persons

Two justices may determine offences against this act.

Penalties may be levied by distress,

or the offender committed.

Application of forfeitures.

Complaints of offences to be made within two months.

Process not to issue against both body and goods of the same party.

Qualification of of for executing the aforesaid acts.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [1785.

persons so to b committed to his custody a aforesaid, or keeping or detaining any such person or persons prisoner or prisoners, after the time for which he, she, or they, shall be committed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two justices of the peace where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act; which said two justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made before them of such offence having been committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the voluntary confession of the party, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out their warrant under their hand and seal for levying the said penalty of five pounds so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any;,) and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of two months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the support and maintenance of the poor of the parish in which the offence was committed, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

V Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be liable to be convicted before any justices of the peace for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint or information shall be made or exhibited againstiuch person or persons within two calendar months after such offence committed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such court or of to issue any process against the body or bodies of any person or persons, where the party entitled to the benefit of any order, judgement, or decree, shall, at the same time, have obtained any warrant or process against the goods and chattels of the same person or persons

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of the several acts herein before mentioned, unless such person shall be a householder within the district.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 155

strict, city, liberty, or place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a real estate of the annual value of twenty pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of five hundred

pounds: and if any person, not being so qualified, shall pre Penalty on

fume to act as a commissioner in the execution of any of the a&ingnotbe

said acts, such person so acting shall forfeit and pay the sum of no qualified.

twenty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record

at Westminster, with full costs of salt, by action of debt, or on the case, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid,

or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, upon proof being given

of his having acted as a commissioner in the execution of any

of the said acts 5 provided such action or suit be commenced

within six calendar months next after the offence committed.

[Public act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for the more effectual transportation of felons, and other offenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for the effectual transportation of Recital of felons, and other offenders; and to authorise the removal of Geo. 3. c. 560 prisoners in certain cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned: and whereas the said act does not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotlandbut it is expedient that his Majesty he empowered, with the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain places, as well out of his Majesty's dominions as within the same, to which criminals, when condemned to transportation in that part of the kingdom, may be conveyed; and that other regulations be made for the more effectual transportation of such offenders there: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the p^fonscon first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, transportable when any person or persons shall be lawfully convicted, before crimes in any court, competent for the trial of crimes in Scotland, of any Scotland, may offence for which the punishment of transpo^ation or banish be transport ment beyond seas may be inflicted, it shall and may be law full for the said court to order and adjudge, that such person or persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the seas, in like manner as now i in use; and, in every such

case.

I 56

to such places as his Majesty, in council, shall appoint.

If his Majesty Should extend his mercy to any offender capitally convicted, the court may order him to jbe transported.

Persons contracting to transport offenders, may carry them through any county to the seaport. Penalty on rescuing them, etc.

If any person ordered for transportation, etc. shall be found at large in Great Britain or Ireland, before the expira

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4.6.[1785.

case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places, part or parts beyond the seas, either within his majesty's dominions, or elsewhere out of his majesty's dominions, such offenders shall be conveyed or transported; such court is hereby authorised and empowered to adjudge the fer ices of such offenders, and to order them to be transferred to the use of any person or persons, and his or their assigns, who shall contract for the due performance of such transportation: and when his Majesty, his heirs and successsors, shall be pleased to extend mercy to any offender or offenders, who hath or have been, or shall be under sentence of death, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon condition of transportation to any place or places, part or parts beyond seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, and such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of date, it shall be lawful for any court, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offenders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cases where such offender or offenders shall be authorised by his Majesty to transport himself, herself, or themselves)'to order the transfer of such offender or offenders to any person or persons who shall contract for the due performance of such transportation, and his or their alsigns, for such and the same term of years for which any such offender or offenders" shall have been ordered to be transported, or for such term of life or years as shall be specified in such condition of transportation as aforesaid; and such person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or there assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, shall have a property in the services of such offender or offenders for such terms respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th. he person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, to whom any C ender shall be delivered in order to be transported, or any o er person or persons lawfully authorised, may, in such man as they shall think fit, carry and secure the said offenders in and through any county of Great Britain, towards the seaport or place from whence they are to be transported; and if any person or persons shall rescue such offenders, or any of them, or affiflf them, or any of them, in making their escape from such person or persons as shall have them in their custody, as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy by the lav of England.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. that if any offender or offenders, who shall be so ordered by such court as aforesaid, to be transported beyond the feasor who shall agree to transport himself or herself on certain conditions, either so#ife or any number of years, to any such place or places, part or parts, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in manner aforesaid; shall be afterwards at large within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain ox, Ireland without some lawful

cause,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 157

cause, before the expiration of the term for which such offender tien of his or offenders shall have been ordered to be transported beyond term he shall the Teas, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself death, as aforesaid, every such offender being at large as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, by the law of England; and such offender or offenders, being so found at large in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may and shall be tried there before any court of competent jurisdiction for the trial of the original offence: and whoever shall discover and prosecute to persons dif conviction any such offender or offenders, so being at large as covering and aforesaid, shall be entitled to a reward of twenty pounds Afor fuc^offen'd every such offender so convicted: nevertheless, That ers, entitled his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may pardon and dicto a reward pense with such transportation, and allow of the return of any ofaol# such offender to the kingdom of Great Britain.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, His Majesty from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for his. impoweredto Majesty, from time to time, by an order in writing, to be no authorise two tified by one of his principal secretaries of state, or for any two or Of justi or mpre of the lords of judiciary in Scotland, who shall be au ciary to or thorized by his Majesty under his sign manual, to direct the der, the reremoval of any male offender or offenders who now is or are, ^ers^n or hereafter shall be under sentence of death, but reprieved dur jjer sentence ing his majesty's pleasure, or under sentence or order of trans of death, etc. portation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland and who, from any sal having been examined by an experienced surgeon or apot^ecary/ ansq^nto shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious distemper, greatbritate, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prison in which such etc. offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within Great Britain, either at land or on board any ship or vessel in the River Thames, or any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any port of Great Britain, as his Majesty, or others legally authorised as aforesaid, shall from time to time appoint; and every offender, who shall be so removed, shall continue in the said place of confinement, or be removed to or confined in any other such place or places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or any others duly authorised as aforesaid, from time to time, shall appoint, until such offender shall be transported according to law, or by the expiration of the term of such transportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his liberty, or until such offender be returned to the gaol or prison from which he shall have been so removed; and the sheriff, magistrate, or Gaoler to degaoler, having the custody of any offender, whose removal shall be ordered in manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient speed, such'orders0 after the receipt of the notification of any such order, convey, with a proper or cause to be conveyed, every such offender to the place ap certificate pointed, and there deliver him, together withii certificate, containing his christian name, surname, and age, and also the of, for which, and the court in which he was convicted, and the

Expenses of removal how to be paid.

Oferseers, to whom such j>rifoner8 are delivered, to have the same powers over them as gaolers, etc.

Time of imprisonment to be deemed part of the term of transportation. Overfcersmay inflict moderate punishment for misbehaviour, etc.

If offenders cannot conveniently be, trail sported to the place mentioned in their sentence, two judges of the court of judiciary may order them to

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46. [1785.

the purport of his or her Sentence, to the overseer or overseers of the said place to which such offender is so sent, who shall give a proper receipt, in writing, to the sheriff, magistrate, or gaoler, for his exoneration.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fees and expenses attending such removal, shall be paid in the same manner as has been practised in Scotland in the case of transportation beyond seas.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the removal of any offender under this act, the overseer who shall have the custody of him shall, during the term of such custody, have the same powers over him as are incident to the office of a sheriff or gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for any escape of such offender, and also, during such custody, shall seed and cloth such offender, and shall keep him to labour at such places, and under such directions, limitations, and restrictions, as his Majesty, or others duly authorised as aforesaid, shall, from timd to time, by any order to be directed to such overseer or overseers for their instruction, appoint.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That the time during which any offender shall have continued in gaol under sentence of transportation, or, 'being removed under the provisions aforesaid, shall continue confined by virtue of this act, shall be taken and reckoned in discharge, or part discharge or satisfaction of the term of his transportation: and if, during such confinement under this act, he shall be guilty of any disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for the overseer or overseers, having the custody of him, to inflict, or cause to inflict such moderate punishment or correction as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the custody of such overseer, or overseers; or if any person shall rescue, or attempt to rescue, or assist in rescuing, any such offender from such custody; or shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, or arms, to such offender; every such offence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such offender had been confined in a gaol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff, magistrate, or gaoler, for the crime of which such offender shall have been convicted.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any offender, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, hath already been ordered to be transported to any part beyond the feasor if any order shall at any time hereafter be made for the transportation of any such offender, and such order cannot be conveniently executed with respect to the place in such order mentioned, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the judges of the court of judiciary to order that such offender shall be transported to any other part or place beyond the seas, which shall have been appointed by his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council as aforesaid for the transportation

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 46, 159

tien of such offenders, in such and the like manner, and for the be transport same term of years, as such offender is or shall be liable to be to any transported, to the place mentioned in the original sentence or the order for his or her transportation; and such order shall be con Majesty*fidered as made at the same time, and shall be as effectual to for the trans every intent and purpose, and shall have all the same confe portation of quences in every respect, as the original order for the trans offend portation of such offender; and such offender shall be trans er ferred, conveyed, and made over, to any person who will contract for the performance of such transportation, and to his or their assigns, in like manner as if such offender had been transported to the place mentioned in the original order of transportation; such person or persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, shall have a property in the service of the said offender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such offender Offenders re so ordered for transportation, shall be afterwards at large within turning before any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful cause, before the expiration of the term for which such offender to

shall have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, death, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, and shall be tried before such judges, and in such manner, and the same evidence made use of for his or her conviction, as shall be directed by the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial of other offenders found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported; whoever shall discover and prosecute to conviction any such sol. reward offender, so being at large within this kingdom as aforesaid, for prosecut shall be entitled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such fenders. ° " offender so convicted.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all actions, suits, and prosecutions, to be commenced Limitation of against: any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance actions* of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact committed, and not otherwise.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Continuance provisions of this act, so far as the same extend to authorise the of ^8 act removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and from thence umil the end of the then next session of parliament.

io Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. [1785.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the commissioners of stamps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his Coache8 etc. late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for ao. geq*a.*granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches, C 10. and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum

of one million, by way of lottery, to be charged upon the said rates and duties; it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, there fioould be raised and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, that Should be kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire (except such coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed by the commissioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches) the yearly sum of four pounds and for and upon every calash, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name soever suck carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that Should be kept by or for any person or persons for his or their own use, or to be let out to hire, the yearly sum of forty Billings; which said several rates and duties Should be paid by the person or persons keeping such carriages; and the said rates and duties were put under the management of the corn mifftonen of excise in England and Scotland respectively; in which act there was a clause, exempting publitk Jlage coaches from the said duty of four pounds: and whereas by an act, made in the 16 Geo. 3. sixteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting e 34. to his Majesty several duties on coaches, and other carriages

therein mentioned; and several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon cards, dice, and newspapers; and for raising tfye sum of two millions by, annuities, and a lottery to be attended with annuities; an additional duty of twenty findings a year was imposed upon every four wheeled carriage, liable to the duty of four pounds by the said act of the twentieth year of his late Majesty; which before mentioned act of the sixteenth year of his present Majesty also imposed the yearly duty of five pounds for and upon every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaije marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages then were, or thereafter might be called{or known, 'that Should be kept by or for any person or persons as public sage coaches, (except Juth coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47.' isx

licensed by the commissioners for the duties arising by hackney to be paid by the person or persons beeping the same, who ivere to be under the like rules, directions, and penalties, as persons keeping coaches for their own use or to let out for hire, ivere by the said act of the tiventieth of George the Second: and whereas, by virtue of an act) made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the r Qea# j, produce of the several duties under the management of the rec. 45. lpedhve of of the customs and excise in Great Britain; and of two other acts, one made in the twenty first year 21 Geo. of his present Majesty, and the other in the twenty second year C 17. and his present Majesty, three several additional duties of five pounds aa5je0, ^per centum became charged upon the produce and amount of the said Ci'*duties, so laid by the said recited aus of the twentieth year of George the Second and fifteenth year of his present Majesty: and whereas by an ably made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty, there was charged an additional duty of twenty billings a year for and upon every coach, berlihy landau, chariot, calafi with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise vnth four wheels, and ca ravan, or 'by what name sever such carriages then were or there after might be called or known, that ftjould be kept by or for any person for his or her own uje, or to be let put to hire, or that should be kept by or for any person or persons as publick Jlage coaches (except such coaches and other carriages as then were, or thereafter might be licensed by the commissioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches;,) and also for and upon every talafi, chaise, and chair with two wheels cr by ivbat name soever such carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses, that should be kept by or for any person or persons for his, hery or their own use: and it wa further enacted, That the said several additional duties therein before granted Should be moreover jub jest to the additional duty of five pounds per centum and five pounds per centum on the produce thereof respectively, in the same manner as the additional duties of five pounds per centum and five pounds per centum were granted by the said recited acts of the nineteenth year and the twenty first year of his present Majesty: and whereas, by an act made in ihe twenty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several 43 Geo. f > rates and duties uppn wagons, wains, carts and other such C 66. carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise, it was enacted, Thaty from and after ihe first day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty threey there Should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following*(that is to say \) That every person who should keep any wagon, wainy cart, or other such carriage, with three or four wheels (except such carriages as then were charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excisey) should yield and pay annually four billings for every such waggony wainy or other such carriage as aforesaid, which should be expressed in a licence for that purpose; and that every person who should keep any cart or other carriage with two wheels except such Vol. XXXV M carriages

162 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47; [1785.

carriages as were then charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise)) yield and pay annually two Billings for every such cart or other carriage, which Should be expressed in a licence for that purpose j and the'fold duties were placed under the receipt and management of the commissioners of jjamps: and whereas by an act passed in the last session of parlia Geo. 3. ment, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties

C Ji* on horses kept for the purpose of riding, and on horses used iti

drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable, it was enabled, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there Should he paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, amongst other duties, the duties following > (that is to say,) every person who Should keep and use any horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any other carriage, by whatsoever name such carriage was then or thereafter might be called or known, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty under the management of the of, of excise, then was payable by any Statute then in force, Should yield and pay annually for every horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of ten finllings; and for levying the said duty on horses it was enabled, That the same Should be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners of stamps, in manner therein mentioned; in which said act is contained a proviso, exempting from the said duty certain horses therein particularly described: andi whereas it is expedient that the said duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of the excise, granted by the said fever aland recited act s, Should be repealed; be it further enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of The duties the Tame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou ^e^elted anc seven hundred and eighty*five, the said duties, imposed by a (repealed. several and recited adis, fell cease, determine, and be

no longer paid or payable.

Kew duties.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for and in lieu of the said duties, there shall be charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the respective duties following $ (that is to say, )

For every For and upon every coach, berlin landau, chariot, calash coach, ian with four wheels, chaise*marine, chaise with four wheels, and dau, or other caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or four wheeled hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for carnage, any person for fojs or her own use, or to be let out to hire ex netcoaches)^ cept such coaches and other carriages as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the commissioners for the duties on hackney 71. per ann, coaches,) the? yearly sum of seven pounds:

For every ca For and upon every calash, chaise, or chair with two or

Uih, chaise, or three wheels, r by what name soever such carriages now are

or

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4

*63

or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or other car more horses, that shall be kept by or for any person dr petrfons ria&e whh for his or their own use, or to be let out td hire, the yearly sum ij1^ bfthree pounds and ten Shillings. per ain'

III. And whereas it is apprehended, that the jhid recited ditties m carriages and horses may be more conveniently and effectually collected under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, than under the management of the said commissioners of excise

'andftamps respectively; be it therefore enacted, That, from and From July 5, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and 1785, the eighty-five, the several powers rules, methods, regulations, ^g^cited11 and provisions by the said recited acts of the twentieth year of acts which the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the jriace the du sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty second years of ties under the his present Majesty, dr any of them, given, prescribed, and made, for ascertaining, paying, collecting, and feedring the oners of esc said recited duties on carriages, under the management of the cife and of commissioners of excise; and also, that from and after the tenth stamps re day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the several powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, by the said recited acts of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty, dr either of them, giveri, prescribed, and made, for ascertaining, paying, collecting, and securing the said recited duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise 5 and also oh horses kept for the purpose of riding, or in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable, or for limiting the time or manner of paying the same, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall eeafe and determine.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Noftdrethovd this act contained (halt extend, or be construed to extend, to

remove from the management of the commissioners of stamps stampstheli the licences granted by them to any person or persons exererf cences grant" " the trade and business of an horse dealer, nor to remove the ed to horse management of the duties charged on the owners of horses en dealers, etc tered to start or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from Licences for

after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and keeping wag _ so much of the said recited act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, charging duties upon wagons,

and other carriages therein mentioned, as requires the said duties. to be expressed in a licence for keeping such wagons and carriages, shall be no longer in force, but from thenceforth the same duties, shall be payable as if they had been granted without requiring the form of any such licence.

Vf. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to affect herem before contained shall be construed to affect the recovery the recovery of any arrears which may, on the said fifth oay of July or tenth

m2 day

164

From July s, 178s, the du ties on carriages, the duties on wagons, etc. andonhorses, ball be assessed, etc. by such persons, and in like manner, as the duties on houses and windows, granted by so Geo. a. C 3;

ao Geo. 2. c. 4»;

at Geo. ». c. 10;

a6 Geo. a. €. 17 5

31 Geo. a. C 22;

2 Geo. 3. C

6 Geo. 3. c. 38;

19 Geo. 3.«591

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 471 [1785.

day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, respectively, remain unpaid of any of the said duties, the receipt and management of which are transferred by this act, or the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before the same days.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the duties hereby imposed on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, and also the said duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses, charged by the said recited acts* or any of them, shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received, by such persons, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on houses, and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties, and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled. An act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act made in the twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, entitled, An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, can act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and.lights; and for granting to his ma jessy other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for tatfing the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be chdrged on the said rates or dutiesand by an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain calied, Scotland; and by an af, made in the thirty first year of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions, and upon houses, and upon windows or lights, and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates qnd duties upon windows or lights; and by an at, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon 'houses, windows, and lights; and by another af, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the duties on all

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47* 165

inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act; and also for amending so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and by another act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty, entitled, An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and 24 Geo. 3. for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon; or in or by any of the said acts 5 and all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, now in force, contained in the saidacts, relative to the

duties on houses and windows or lights, for assessing, raising, levying, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the said duties hereby placed under the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging the rates and duties granted by the said acts on houses and windows, and on inhabited houses, so far as the said powers, rules, authorities, and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said duties, here the transfer tofore under the management of the commissioners of stamps, red duties to the management of which is hereby directed to be transferred, underpthe for shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer for, and applied to, mer as. the same uses and purposes as were directed by the acts by

which the same duties were granted,

IX. And whereas the duties on coaches, and other carriages, Recital of the granted by the before recited act of the twentieth year of the reign of application of his late majesty King George the Second, were charged with the ^et/°srmer payment of certain annuities established by the said act, and afterwards, by an act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, made it part of the sinking fund \ and the duties granted by the aid recited acts of the fifteenth and twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, and also the several additional duties of five pounds per centum by the said act of the nineteenth, and five

pounds per centum by the said act of the twenty first, with five

pounds per centum, and ten pounds per centum, granted by the said act of the twenty second year of the reign of his said present Majesty X were respectively made a part or parts of the funds, granted for payment of annuities established by sundry acts of parliament, pa fed' in the said fifteenth, nineteenth, twenty sirs, and twenty second years of the reign of his said present Majesty; be it therefore enacted, That, Part of new from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven him duties to be dred and eighty-five, out of the moneys that shall arise and be applied in the

paid into the receipt of his majesty, exchequer of the said me manner

How to proceed in Case of a deficiency of duties.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. f 178^.

yearly duties of (even pounds, and of three pounds ten Shillings on the relpeciiyp coaches and other carriages, granted by this act, the sum of twenty-two thousand two hundred forty six pounds, being one fewth part of the annual sum of eighty eight thousand binehundred eighty-four pounds, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftpker^ the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the finding fund £ the sum, of five thousand four hundred twenty-two pounds, and five (fillings, being one fourth part of the annual sum of twenty-one thousand six hundred and eighty nine pounds, hall, quarterly on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day, of July, in every year, be. carried to the fund for payment of the annuities established by the afore recited act of the sixteenth year of the reigp of his present Majesty; the sum of one thousand three hundred seventy fevea pounds, eighteen Shillings. eight peace, being one fourth part of the sum of five thousand five hundred and eleven pounds, fourteen Shillings, and eight pence per anflttm, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the fund for payment of the annuities established by the said recited act of the nineteenth year of the reigp of his present Majesty; the sum of one thousand three hundred fifty seven pounds, eighteen Shillings, and one penny, being one fourth part of the sum of five thousand four hundred and thirty-one pounds, twelve Shillings, and fourpence per an mw, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every, year, be carried to the sinking fund; and the sum of fevety thousand three hundred twenty six pounds, eight Shillings, and nine pence, being one fourth of twenty-nine thousand three hundred and five pounds, and fifteen Shillings per annum, shall, quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifrh day of January the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in every year, be carried to the fund granted far payment of the annuities eftajbliftved by the said recited act of the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be issued, paid, and applied, according to the directions, and for the several uses and purposes to which the same funds are respectively appropriated by the afore recited acts; which several annual sums a sore mentioned, are the proportional sums that have been applied out of the duties repealed by this act, according to a statement made thereof

X. And be it further enacted, That if, on any of the said quarter days, the produce of the said duties on coaches and other carriages hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the above furps to be carried to the respective funds as above directed, such produce shall be carried to the several funds aforesaid, in the order in which the same are herein directed, fb fa as the said produce in such quarter will extend, and the deficit enc fl^ali bp fopphed out of the produce of the next, or any,

future

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47, 167

future quarter; and in case there shall be a surplus remaining Surplus to be in the receipt of the exchequer of the moneys arising by the [^e^p0g°.r said duties, over and above sufficient to satisfy the charges here tien 0fppar', by made on the same, such surplus shall, from time to time, be liament. reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall notbeiflued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament for that purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better assessing, commission levying, collecting, and paying the said recited duties on coaches, ers of the carriages, and horses, the of authorised or appoint ed, or who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for put on house's, 16* ting in execution the said acts relative to the duties on houses, C to put and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, shall be com this act in missioners for executing this present act, and the powers therein execution, contained, in all and Angular the counties, shires, stewartries, 'ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and such com inc missioners, for the speedy execution of this act, shall, in the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed of, meet for the first time on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of raising, levying, and collecting the duty on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, and on or before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, for the purpose of raising, levying, and collecting the duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses; and afterwards shall in like manner meet yearly, and every year, at such day or time as the said of for the time being shall think proper to appoint, on or before the thirtieth day of April; and shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the said recited duties on carriages and horses, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, and inhabited houses, or any of them, with respect to the duties thereby imposed, except so far as any alteration is made by this fed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, commission by any negligence or default, there shall not have been a meeters, on default ing of the said of for executing this act, within or ?^em^tingon at the times, or according to the manner hereby prescribed, the above*men said of, or any two or more of them, in the respectioned, may five counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, meet after cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain respectively, wherein wir etc. such default shall have happened, may and shall meet at any other rhyme or times, as soon as may be after the time or times so prescribed, in order to execute the powers of this act, so as that thd said recited duties on carriages and horses may be duly and effectually affeflfed, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty,

M 4 his

-, 158

Chiibs to be taken by commissioners*

fcw oath.

Penalty on &6hng before taking the oaths.

The first af feflmentwhen o be made.

Duties to be paid quarterly.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. [1785.

his heirs and successors* notwithstanding any such default or de»fect as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person (fiall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, (except in administering the oath of qualification herein after expressed), until he shall have taken the several oath's requisite to qualify him for acting as a commissioner of the several duties charged on houses, windows or lights, and inhabited houses, by any of the acts herein before referred to, and also shall have taken the following oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do j\wear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissioner, according to an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the of of (lamps rfespectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties fa transferred; and will determine, without favour or afsection, upon all appeals which shall be brought before me under the said act, according to the befi of my skill and knowledge,

So help me GOD.

Which oath any two or more of the of in the county, Shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any perform shall act as a commissioner of this act, (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such oaths as aforesaid, he shall, for every offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the first assessment under this acts, of the said recited duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, shall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and of the said recited duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses, for half a year, from the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and afterwards the assessment of the said recited duties on carriages and horses shall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited duties on carriages and horses, so to he assessed under this act, shall be paid at the times, and in the manner following, (that is to say), quarterly, on the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year by equal portions; the first of the said payments to be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, so^ the duties on carriages, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise; and on the fifth clay ca January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, for

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. j

the duties on wagons, wains, and other such carriages, and on horses.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all clauserela persons who, previously to the said fifth day of Juty, ontenthlve to Pe^' day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, p^he^ld^ shall have already paid the aforesaid duties on carriages and duties in horses, or any of them, for any part of the said three quarters advance,

or half year, for which the first assessments under this a ct are hereby directed to be made, or their respective executors or admini stratprs, shall, after paying the said first assessments, have a right to receive back from the commissioners of excise, or of of stamps, for the duties now or heretofore under their management respectively, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any moneys which shall have been paid into, or be in their hands, such a proportion of the duties so already paid to the said commissioners of excise or stamps respectively, as shall be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties for the said three quarters or half year on the said first assessments, or for any part thereof; for which purpose the said commissioners of excise and stamps respectively are hereby required to make such orders, in respect to the time and manner of such repayments, as to them shall appear best calculated to effectuate the intention of this act, and to prevent a double charge.

XVII. Andy for more effectually levying and collecting the said recited duties on carriages and horses under this act, be it further enacted, That if at any time there shall be a neglect of appoint If assessors ment of assessors for the said duties on hojifes, and windows or neglect their lights; or if at any time the assessors appointed shall neglect

what is required of them by this act, then, and in every such may perform Case, it shall be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, or the same, the inspector or inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under authority of the said acts, relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or on inhabited houses, or any of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to do and perform such and the like services as, by the said acts, or any of them, are required from such assessors.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person soap Oaths to be pointed or to be appointed assessor as aforesaid, or any surveyor^2}

or inspector hereby authorised to act as an assessor, shall, before a e ors he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take (besides the oaths or affirmations required to be taken by assessors by the before mentioned acts relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, in the following form;

I A.B. do sweary [or affirnty as the case may require]. That New oath, 'in making the assessment which by authority of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of < stamps,

by Go

tyo

Penalty on acting before taking the oafh.,

Kotiee to be given in the precepts of the appointment of assessors.

assessors to give notice in writing to persons keeping carriages, etc. to produce lists of the number kept by them within their districts, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. [1785.

ft amps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes I will charge all persons according to the best of my skill and know hedge

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commis fiouers in the county, Shire, stewartry, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person so appointed, or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as assessor, shall presume to ad in the execution of the said office or employment, before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case shall be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said of for executing this act shall, in the precepts to be from time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places within their respective districts or divisions, naming whom they shall think fit to be assessors under the said acts, relative to the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any of them, eause notice to be inserted, that such persons are also appointed assessors of the said recited duties upon carriages and horses.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen days after such their appointment yearly, give or leave notice in writing, to or for every person keeping any carriage or horse liable to the said recited duties on carriages and horses, or any of them, within the limits of the places for which such assessors are to ad, at his or her dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, one list in writing of carriages, liable to the said recited duties thereon, or any of them, kept by such person within such limits f the said list to describe the greatest number of such carriages which such person shall have kept at any one time in the course of the year, ending on the fifth day of April preceding such notice; and to express the denomination of each carriage and its number of wheels, distinguishing which are kept for private use, and which for hire, and which are used as public stagecoaches; and another list in writing of the number of horses, liable to the said duties on horses, kept and used by him or her within such limits; every such written list to contain the greatest number by him or her kept and used in the course of the year, ending on such preceding fifth day of April as aforesaid; every such person shall, after such notice so given or left, make out the said lists, or one of them, as the case may require, accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or eause the same to be delivered to such assessor or assessors, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the said notice being given, when he Or they shall call for the same: and if any such person shall rtegle#

or

He )y

t j§5'3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. jyt

or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such lists, or either of them, How assessor

within the time before mentioned, then such assessor or assessors to proceed, in

shall, from the best information he or they can obtain, make an case list

assessment upon such person, so refilling or neglecting, for or*

ih respect of the number of carriages and horses, liable to the said recited duties, or any of them, so kept by him or her, distinguishing

them ih manner aforesaid; and every such assessment

so made upon any such neglect or refusal shall be final and com

elusive upon the person thereby charged, who shall not be at

+liberty to appeal therefrom unless such person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her dwelling house at the time of the delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such list as aforesaid to the assessor; or unless such person shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered his or her lists or list, as the commissioners for executing this act shall, in their judgement, think reasonable and sufficient.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Lifts to con the lists, which shall be delivered, in manner herein before tainthegreat mentioned, by order of the said of upon the carries and first assessment to be made by virtue of this act, shall contain the horses kept greatest number of such carnages and horses as aforesaid, which during the the persons from whom such lists are herein before required shalltime to which respectively have at any time kept and used between the fifth day they relate of j«ty> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

XXII. And, to the end that no person may pay the said recited duties for the same carriages or horses in more parishts or dislrifts

than one, within the same year, be it further enacted, That if commission any person, having been assessed under this act in one parish ers, on appli or district for his or her carriages or horses within the same, cation, to shall be again assessed in another parish or district, for or in so^rfons respect of the same carriages or horses, or any of them, in every who have such case, the commissioners for this act, within such latter pa been assessed rill or district, or the majority of the said of pre in different fenton any application for the purpose, may and are hereby uiecfamer required to alter any assessment of such person so assessed twice, carriages or on proof given before them that such person hath paid the said horses. duties, for or in respect of the same carriages or horses in another place, and in what place specifically, or hath been assessed for the same; which proof shall be made, as to the of payment, by producing a receipt signed by the collector to whom the same payment shall have been made, or, in default thereof, by other reasonable evidence, to the satisfaction of the said of for putting in execution this act, or the majority of them, before whom such evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid proof, as to the of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of the assessment signed; by two or more, of of the district for which such assessment shall have bee tgade* (which copy ot certificate, the clerk then attending

the

Clause relative to persons who pay for carriages, etc, in different parishes.

In case the lists delivered to the assessors shall be found deficient, they may surcharge the same.

A fie (Tors to deliver their assessments to the of within 3 months after their appointment. of to sign the same, and appoint collectors, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47. [1785.

the said of shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the same), or, in default of such copy r certificate, then such proof shall be made by other evidence, to the satisfadian of the of present, or the majority of them.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person who shall be called upon by virtue of this act to give such lists or list as aforesaid, shall, when he or she shall give in such lists dr list, at the same time return a list, or make a declaration signed by him or her, of the number of such carriages and hpffes as aforesaid respectively he or she shall mean to pay for at every other place, specifying the particular parish or parishes, or district or districts, wherein he or she shall mean to pay for such other carriages and horses respectively; and the said af fessors shall enter the list or declaration last mentioned at the end of their several assessments, and deliver them to the surveyor for each parish or district, in order that he may transmit the particulars thereof to the commissioners for managing the affairs of taxes.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such assessors as aforesaid shall not be bound by such lists as shall be delivered to them respectively, in pursuance of this act; but shall be at liberty, if they shall find, upon due examination, that any carriage or carriages, or horse or horses, is or are omitted in such lists, to surcharge the same, and make a true assessment upon every person keeping such carriages or horses within their respective districts, of the real number of carriages or horses kept by each such person, distinguishing every such carriage and horse, in manner hereinbefore directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such assessors as aforesaid shall, from time to time, make and deliver in writing their assessments of the said duties on coaches, carriages, and horses, within the limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, unto the said of, for this act, or ny two or more of them, within the space of three calendar months next after the time of their being so appointed assessors j and the said of, to whom such assessments shall be so delivered, or any two of them, shall, within the space of one calendar month next after the receipt of the same respectively or as soon after as conveniently may be, set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors, in spedor or inspectors as herein after is or are mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons, named or presented in each of such assessments, to be collectors, or any other two such persons as the said of for putting in execution this act, shall think able and responsible for the respective divisions and places for which collectors shall be so presented; and shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments, ft by the said of allowed of, unto the respective

person

i'

17*50 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47* 173

persons by them nominated to be collectors, who are hereby

enjoined and required to collect): and pay the duties so a defied,

+and to give acquittances for the same; for whole paying unto the receiver-general, now or for the time being, appointed by his Majesty, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, in the manner hereby directed, such money as they the said collectors shall be charged with under this act, the parish or place for which they are so employed shall be answerable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every surveyor or Surveyorsun* inspector, appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of derthebe the said several acts relative to the duties on houses, and win fore menti dows or lights, shall be, and he is hereby empowered and authorised to inspect and examine any list or lists to be made out pj 3 before and signed by any such person keeping such carriages or horses they are sign as aforesaid, or any assessment or assessments for any parish or ed, and amend place, before the commissioners for putting in execution this act tilem*

shall have signed and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such list or lists, and assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing; and every person in whose custody any such lists or assessments shall be, shall, and is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such surveyor If surveyor or inspector shall, after any such list or lists, and assessment or discover any assessments, shall be so respectively made out, signed, and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his surveyor examination, are signed, that any person who ought to be charged with the said recited they are to duties on carriages and horses, or any of them, shall have certify the been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under rated, such surveyor or inspector shall certify the same in er^etc, writing under his hand, together with an account of every carriage and horse omitted, and its proper description according to the directions aforesaid, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of for putting in execution this act, in order to have such omission or under rate rectified in the said assessment; and such of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXVII. And whereas some persons, liable to the said recited duties

on carriages and horses, may neglect to deliver such lists and declarations per)ajty on. as are herein before required; be it further enacted, That where neglecting to any person liable, under the directions herein before contained, deliver lists t6 deliver such lists or declarations as aforesaid to the assessor or and declara assessors, shall refuse or negject, within the time herein before tlon8' prescribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such list or declaration, ^© such assessor or assessors, he or she so refusing or neglecting shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXVIII. And, to the end that any persons'keeping any carriages Persons to be or horses liable to the aforesaid duties, or any of them, may deliver, doubly rated or cause to be delivered, to the diftjfor or assejfojsy true lists and de or though e car'

durations

tAnno vicesimo tjuirito Georgii III. c. 47. £178

tiages, etc. derations of their respective carriages and horses be it furtherjjc7 ojj'1 in enabled. That in all cases where any assessor, surveyor, or in nh if*f spedor, shall make a surcharge upon any person for or in respect which fur f arty carriage or horse omitted to be inferred in any such list charge to be or declaration a aforesaid, such surcharge shall be made after allowed the the rate of double the duty for every carriage or horse so omit assessor or ted; an(j the assessor, surveyor, or inspector so making such fur makine^he c^arge> lham be, anis hereby entitled to, and shall have and same. receive for his own use, one moiety of the furn charged by every

surcharge which shall be justly made upon any such list or declaration.

XXIX. And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in dif- tottering lodgers or inmates in any house, liable to pay the said recited duties On carriages and horses be it therefore further enacted. Inhabitant That the inhabitant householder of any house, in which there householders ^aj| he any j0(jg^r or inmate keeping any carriage or horse of lodgers*liable' to the said duties, shall, within a week after a re whokeep quisition by notice in writing left at any such house, from Carriages, etc. or by any afteflor, surveyof* or inspector of the said duties on carriages and horses, deliver to, or leave for, such afteflor, a list, in writing, of every lodger or inmate in such house who shall, at the time of delivering or leaving such list keep any carriage or horse liable to the said duties, or shall have kept any such carriage or horse from the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, = on the first assessment under this act, and from the fifth day of April in each containing preceding year, on every future assessment; which list shall ex the names of press the christian and surname of every such lodger or inmate the parties, art(j shall contain an account of every such carriage, with such description as is herein before required, and of every horse liable to the said duty, to the bed of the knowledge and information of on penalty of such inhabitant househblder: and if any inhabitant householderol shall refuse to deliver any such list, as herein before mentioned, of

shall wilfully omit or misrepresent arty description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit ten pounds, persons over

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or rated may appersons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively Peal he overcharged or overrated by any assessment, charge, or fur coramimon cjlatge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, it (half be lawful for him, her, or them respectively to appeal to the said commissioners for putting in execution this act; and the said of or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals except where it shall appear to the said comrtiiflioness that the person appealing shall have omitted to deliver in his or her list or lists, or declaration, in manner aforesaid, and shall not assign sufficient cause, to the satisfaction of the commissioners for such omission, in manner herein before mentioned; in which case it shall be lawful for the said of to dismiss the appeal: provided that af the time of hearing the same appeal, a list (halt e be

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47.

be produced, by or on the part of the appellant, upon his or Appellant to her oath, of the greatest number of carriages and horses, within deliver, on the district or limits of the places where such appeal shall be made, a subject to the said recited duties, as shall have been kept by him numbe^of*or her at any time between the tenth day of October^ one thou carriages, ete sand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, kept by him. one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with respect to the space of time which shall have elapsed between the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; or with reipeci to any future year, the greatest number of such carriages and horses which shall have been so kept by him or her within the year preceding the fifth day of April in every such year, with such description and explanation and also such list or declaration as to other districts, as is herein before required; and all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days to be appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned with respect to the duties on houses, and windows or lights,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said com chitfmiffioir -- xnifiioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the hearing any ers not to appeal, make any abatement or defalcation in the charge or make any. surcharge made upon any person by such assessment as aforesaid, ^edaar* or the surcharge of any such surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, etc^unless it but the same shall stand good, and remain part of the annual shall appear, assessment, unless it shall then appear to the said commission on oath, that ers, by examination upon oath, that such person is overrated the appellant

j k f jg over

in and by such assessment or surcharge; and every person in Ten. g nojf tending to appeal to the said of shall, and is here ticetobegive* by required to give at the lead ten days notice thereof to the of appeal, said surveyor, or to one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal, and such surveyor and assessors may then and there attend to justify the said assessment and surcharge; and such surveyor, and assessors, and appellant, shall have full power and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said of determining the same: and the said of are here commissioir by authorised and empowered upon every such appeal, although ers* in certahr they shall confirm the surcharge of such assessor, surveyor, case may r inspector, upon application of such appellant as aforesaid, to ^aky before'

'and strike off the penalty herein before directed to be directed to be paid to such afieflor, surveyor, or inspector surcharging such paid to the fist, if they shall be of opinion that there was any doubt whe assessor, etc. there the carriage or horse so surcharged was rateable within the meaning of this act, and was not omitted by such appellant out of such list or lists or declaration as aforesaid, with any intention to defraud the revenue.

XXXII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if Penalty on on such examination on the hearing of such appeal, it shall ap surveyors, etc. pear to the said of that such surcharge was falsely f^rfem^!, ng

and charge.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C'4?. tt

and vexatiously made; then, and in such case, such surveyor assessor, or inspector so surcharging, shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punishtfients as in and by the said als relative to the duties on houses, and windows or lights, are directed to be inflicted on surveyors, inspectors, or assessors, for neglect of duty.

betermina*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all appeals tion ofcom once heard and determined by the said commi ill oners, or any missioners to two or more of them, or the major part of them, then pre be fina; fenton the^or by t|iem appointed for hearing of ap except, etc. peals, shall be final, (except as herein after excepted.)

Persons difia

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if either the said tisfied may, surveyor or inspector, or the person so appealing in that part in England, of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon courfof* tllg wee all apprehend the determination made by the said king's bench; of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or inspector, or person respectively, to require the said of to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; and the said of, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign such case accordingly, and cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king's bench of common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpced* to return an answer to such case so transmitted with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of the and in Scot appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: and if either the said fur*land, to the veyor, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain court of fef called Scotland, shall apprehend the determination made by the fion, etc. said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said of, or the major part of them then present, to state specially and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which case the said of are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted ta one of the judges, of the court of session, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed.'

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said of shall stand with respect to the payments which shall become due, precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every penalty or forfeiture which shall be incurred under this act of a greater sum than twenty pounds, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if the matter shall arise within England or' Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or in the court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, if the matter shall arise in that part of th united kingdoms, by action of debt, bill, plaint, 'or information; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXXVII. And whereas it frequently happens, that persons oc tuping farms who keep horses for the purposes of hujb an dry only, and nevertheless ride one of such horses to or from market, or church, or other place of public wor/hip, but do not use them for the purpose of riding on any other occasion, and doubts have arisen whether such horses were subject to the duty imposed by the before recited act of the last session of parliament; be it therefore enacted, That the afteff ments which are to be made under the authority of this act, shall be made for all horses whatsoever belonging to any person within the kingdom of Great Britain, which shall, on any occasion, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage nov or hereafter subject to any excise duly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That upon any appeal to the acting of in England, or the of of supply in Scotland, from the assessment so made for such horse, and on proof, on oath made to the satisfaction of the said of, that such horse, for which any person occupying a farm, not worth more than one hundred and fifty pounds a year to be let, shall have been so afiefled, has been only used for the purpose of riding to and from market, or church, of other place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, in all cases where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, Shire, flew artry, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confeflkm of the party or parties accused, or by the

You XXXV N oath

iyj

Proviso, relative to cases transmitted to the judges.

Penalties exceeding sol. where to be recovered

All horses used for riding, or in drawing coaches, etc. subject to the duty.

Occupiers of land in certain cases, to beexcufedthe duty for one hciie.

Penalties not exceeding 20i0 recoverable be Tore two justices;

j7? Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4s.

[1785."

oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and one moiety of such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the in andmaybe former or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case.of. kviedbydi nonpayment, shall be levied by distress and sale of the gffen stre8'der's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justices to the prison of, such county, riding, Shire, stewartry, city, liberty, town, or place, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, as such'justices shall think most proper.

Constables,

XL. And be it further enacted, That all constables and etc to be aid headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers,

ins this^ct*" anc are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively ing is ac. gpg anc] affjfting in the execution of this acct, and to obey and execute such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf by the respective of hereby appointed, or any of them.

Limitation of

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, or actions informations, for any offence against this act, shall be brought within one year after the offence committed, and being brought after the time so limited, shall be void; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pur ceneralifiue. fuance of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited. Treble costs. then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain ft amp duties on licences to be taken out by persons using or exercisuig the trade or business of a, pawnbroker.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble TE, your majesty's m°ft dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 48.

thority of the same, That, from and after, the fifth day of July, From July sone thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be 1785, tnefol raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of lowing duties Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs hu'maj€ftys> and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is to say), all persons using of exercising the trade or business of a pawnbroker in Great Britain, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose in manner herein after prescribed:

Where the person using or exercising the trade or business of By every a pawnbroker as aforesaid, shall refirfe within the cities of Lon pawnbroker don and Westminster, the parish of Saint Mary le B: northeast, and Saint Je, on jj. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, or within the difiance of West trviifter, the bills of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark in See. io. per the county of Surrey, there shall be charged a fiamp duty of ten ann pounds:

And where the person using or exercising the trade or bufi and in any ness of & pawnbroker as aforesaid, shall reside in any other part other part of of Great Britain, there shall be charged a lamp duty of five Great Britain, pounds. 3

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more Duties to be effectual levying and collecting the said duties herein before under the granted, the same shall be under the government, care, imd management of the commissioners for the time being appointed fioners of " to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, stamps. and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for

that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary; and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said duties as shall be requisite in that behalf; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereinbefore granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty ott fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, pawnbroker no person whatsoever required by this act to be licensed, shall, tithoutapro unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, per licence receive or take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or'chaftels for the Repayment of money lent thereon, in Great Britain, upon pain to forfeit for every offence the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is 'directed.

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Twocommlf* day oijuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, any sioners may, two or'more of his majesty's of appointed for ma naging the duties arising by (lamps on Vellum, parchment, land b

N % paper,

i So

Licences to be renewed annually.

Who shall be deemed pawnbrokers.

Not to extend to persons who lend money at or under 5 percent.

Not to keep more than one (hop by virtue of one licence.

Persons in partnership need take out only one licence.

Stamps may be altered.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 48. [1785.

paper, or fotne person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to use or exercise the trade or business of a pawnbroker, as aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence: and all and every person and persons who hall take out such licence for using or exercising the said trade or business of a pawnbroker, shall take out another licence for another year, ten days at leafr before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she ball continue to use and exercise the said trade or business of a pawnbroker and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the stamps on such licence, so long as he or lie hall continue to use or exercise the trade or business of a pawnbroker.

V. And be it further enacted, That all persons who hall receive or take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods of chattels for the repayment of money lent thereon, hall respectively be deemed pawnbrokers within the intent and meaning of this act, and shall take out a licence for the same accordingly.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons who hall lend money upon pawn or pledge, at or under the rate of five pounds per centum per annum filtered, without taking any further or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatever.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That no pawnbroker, or other person receiving or taking, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, any goods or chattels for the repayment of money lent thereon, licensed or to be licensed by authority of this act, hall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one.jhouse, hop, jor other place, for taking in goods or chattels to pawn f but for each and every house, hop, or other place, which any person shall keep for the purposes aforesaid, a separate and difiindjfc licence shall be taken out and paid for by such pawnbroker or other person.

Vill. Provided always, That persons in partnership, and carrying on the trade and business of a pawnbroker in one house, hop, or tenement only, hall not be obliged to take out more than one licence, in any one year, for the carrying on such trade or business.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such stamps as the of are hereby directed and authorised to provide and ife, hall and may be altered and renewed in such manner as

any

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 48. 181

any other stamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, directed to be altered 6r renewed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or counterfeit forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or either of them; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted,

shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, distribution of penalties, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be in to be applied full force and effect with relation to the duties hereby imposed; in execution and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levy f this ing, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties Penalties how imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against to he reco* this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his vere*majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Benvick upon Tiveedand in his majesty's court of sections, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (lie shall recpver any penalty or penalties, shall recover the?

'same for his or her own use, with double eofts of suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted, shall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general, for pydinto the the time being, of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, ec and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the flecessary charges

; ..... N 3 0£

Provisions of former acts relating to stamn duties

ftnd entered separate from all other moneys.

How to be applied t

Defendants may plead the general issue.

and have treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49, [1785.

of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being dpduijted), into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, at fuel) time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on stamped vellum parchment and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as, aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, Arwft for granting annuities to satisjy certain navy, victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.,

CAP. XLIX.

An act for granting to his majesty certain duties upon licences to b taken out by coachmakers; and afo certain duties upon carriages tq fie built for sale.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

TIT E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's \ publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant to your Majesty the several rates and duties upon licences to be taken out, in manner herein after mentioned, by every person carrying on the trade of a coach maker; and upon, poaches, or other carriages herein after mentioned, newly built for sale; and we do hereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most Every coach excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ipakerm lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par ^ake^uta1 lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, os. licence. from and after the fifth day of July., one thousand seven hun auaually. i|r?d apd eighty-five, every coach maker yvithiq kingdom of

"'f "'1*' Qrtqk

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.' 183:

Great Britain shall yearly take out a licence in manner herein after, mentioned, and shall pay for the same to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of twenty Shillings;

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said From July fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, I7g5> no no person who now doth, or at any time hereafter shall, carryof on the trade of a coach maker within Great Britain, shall build, made, until make, construct, or sell any coach, chaise, berlin, landau, cha the maker has riot, cala(h with four wheels, chaise marine with four wheels, taken out or caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or

hereafter may be called or known; or any calasti, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, or other carriage heretofore made subject to any duty of excise, until he or she shall have taken out such licence as above directed, for which licence he or (lie shall, immediately upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the said sum of twenty Shillings: and if Where LI any such licences shall be taken out within the limits of the fences are to chief office of excise in London, then such licences shall be grant ed under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's raid, in eng commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or lindorwales; persons as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London, or at such other place, and to such person or persons, as the said of for the time being shall appoint; but if such licences shall be taken out in any part of England or Wales not within t he said limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, such licences T

shall, in such case, be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the duties shall be paid for the same to the collectors of excise within whose collection such licences shall be granted respectively; and if such licences shall and where; dj be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, such Scotland. licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, or at such other place, and to such per tonne or persons, as the said commissioners of excise in Scotland shall appoint; but if such licences shall be taken out in any other part in Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their respectivo collections and districts, and the several duties for the same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licences shall be so granted; and such respective commissioners of excise, and the persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such collectors, are hereby respectively authored and required to grant and deliver such licences to the per

N 4 ftn?

Licences to be renewed annually,

Penalty on making any Coach, etc without taking out a licence, and

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1785.

fons who shall apply for the same upon their payment of the duties herein before mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall take out any such licence as aforesaid, is. and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at least before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they shall presume to make, build, construct, or sell, any of the carriages before mentioned; and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum for each and every new or renewed licence as is by this at required for the first licence, in manner, and at the places and times herein before mentioned; and if any such person or persons as aforesaid shall, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, presume or offer to make, build, construdf, or sell any of the carriages herein before mentioned, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner renewing the aforesaid, lie, (lie, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the same yearly. urn Of ten pounds for each offence.

Persons in

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That per pannership ferns in partnership, and carrying on their trade and bufinei's in out more than one ^ou^e or fh°p only, shall not be obliged to take out more one licence than one licence in any one, year for carrying on such trade; for one house, and no one licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or empower any person or persons, to whom the same shall be granted, to make, build, construcft, or sell any of the carriages herein before mentioned, in any other house or place than the houses or places where he, she, or they did make, build, or construct the said carriages at the time of granting such licence.

V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That upon the death of any person so licensed, it shall be lawful for the executors or administrators, or for the wife or child of such deceased person, to carry on the said trade of making, building, con itruding, or selling such carriages as aforesaid, at the same place where such deceased person, by virtue of such licence, carried on such trade, during the residue of the term for which such licence was granted to such deceased person, without taking out a new licence during the residue of the said term.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every coach maker within the kingdom of Great Britain shall, from and after the

four wheeled 6* of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, carriage made Pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of twenty

Pxecutors, etc. may act iwfer licences of deceased perform.

A duty of ao s. to be

for say,

end tos. for every two wiieeied one.

shillings for every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, qalafli with four vyheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known; and the sum of ten Shillings for every cala(h, chaise, and chair with tyvo wheels, or by what name soever such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, which he, she, or they shaft make, build, or construct for sale.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 185

VII And) for better collecting) raising, levying, and securing the duties by this act imposed upon licences, and upon carriages newly built, made, or conjlrusted, as aforesaid, be it further enacted.

That such of the said duties as are charged upon such licences, Duties to be and upon carriages newly built, made, constructed, and sold in under the ma england, Wales) or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be the commis under the management of the of and officers of his sioners of ex majesty's revenue of excise in England for the time being j and cife in Eng xuch of the said duties as are charged upon such licences, and jandandscot upon carriages newly builr, made or constructed, and sold in jygjy* pe Scotland, shall be under the management of the of and officers of excise in Scotland for the time being; who are hereby respectively empowered to appoint proper officers for charging, collecting, and receiving the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every coach maker shall, once in six weeks, deliver a true Coachmakers,

'account in writing of the number and kinds of such carriages as every six aforesaid, which he or she shall have made, built, or construct jj^anac* ed, and sold, within six weeks, and of the days on which each count on carriage respectively was delivered or sent out of his or her (hop oath, of all or warehouse; and such coach maker, or his or her chief work carriages, man or manager, shall make oath (or, being a Quaker, affir n mation) to the truth of such account, according to the bed of 10 his knowledge and belief: and if such carriage or carriages shall Atwhatplaces be made within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, c?ui* then such accounts, oaths, or affirmations, shall be delivered^ e e L to, and administered by such officer or officers as the commissioners of excise in England shall appoint, at the said chief office of excise in London; and such coach maker shall then and there pay and clear off all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid 5 and if such carriage or carriages shall be made within the limits of the city of Edinburgh) then such accounts, oaths, or affirmations, shall be delivered to, and administered by such officer or officers as the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall appoint, at the chief office of excise at Edinburgh; and such coach maker hall then and there, pay to such officer all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid; if such carriage or carriages shall be made at any other place in Great Britain, then such accounts, oaths, or affirmations, shall be delivered to, and administered by the collector or supervisor of excise of the district within which such carriage or carriages shall be made, and such coach maker shall then and there pay to such collector all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid: in case any coach Penalty on maker ibali neglect to deliver in such account, or to verify he default, same upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, or to pay down all the duties due for such carriages as aforesaid; coach maker so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all prosecutions for the recovery of penalties and forfei penalties how

Prosecutions within the limits of the excise office In London, to be determined by three commissioners, etc.

and in all other parts of Great Britain, shall be determined by two neighbouring justices /

aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Upon conviction of parties accused, of, etc. may issue out warrants of dif utfs, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1785.

may be beard, adjudged, and determined, either by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scdland, if such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred there, or in such manner and form as hereafter is directed; that is to say, all prosecutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed against this at within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in London, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any three or more of the commissioners of excise in England, for the time being; and in case of appeal from the judgement of the said of, and not otherwise), shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the commissioners for appeals for the time being, or the major part of them, whose judgement therein shall be final, and not liable to be removed by certiorari into any of the courts at Westminster; and all prosecutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures incurred for offences committed within all or any other the counties, cities, stewartries, shires, towns, or places, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined, by any two or more of the justices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed; and if either the informers or defendants shall think themselves aggrieved by the judgement given by such justices, it shall and may be lawful for every such informer or defendant to appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter sessions to be held in and for the county, Shire, stewartry, city, town, or place, where the penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred, who are hereby authorised and required to hear, adjudge, and determine the same, and whose judgement therein shall be final, and not liable to be removed by certiorari into any of the courts at Westminster; and the said of for excise, and of for appeals, (in case of appeals), and all justices of the peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorised and required, upoq complaint or information, upon oath, exhibited and brought before them respectively as aforesaid, of the commission of any offence against this act, (which oath the said of and justices of the peace respectively are hereby authorised to administer), to summon the party or parties accused, and upon the appearance or contempt of any person or persons so summoned, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the person or persons so summoned, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath they the said of and justices respectively have hereby power to administer), to give judgement or sentence thereupon, and to award and issue out warrants, under their hands respectively, for the levying of such penalties or forfeitures upon the goods and chattels of such person or persons, and to cause sale to be made of such goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to such person or persons the overplus, (if any be); and for want of Efficient distress

to

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 187

to imprison the party or parties offending, till satisfaction be made.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising from the duties by this act granted Duties to be upon licences, and upon carriages newly made, built, or con pai^into the structed, as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and ac qur counting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be Application paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, thereof, separate and apart from all other duties; and shall be appropriated and applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties on coaches and other carriages, granted by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and several subsequent acts, are applicable unto.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for anything by him or them actions. done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her. Treble costs or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to»his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to, the killing of game; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for grant Recital of ing to his Majesty certa n duties on certificates issued with re Geo. 3. CI spect to the killing of game, it was enacted, That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, there Should be raised, I vied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors9 the several rates and duties followings (that is to say), That every person in Great Britain, qualified with respect to 'property to kid game, Should, previous to their booting at, killings or defraying any game. deliver in a paper or account in writing, con taimng the name and place of abode of such person, if in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county; and, if in Scotland, with she Jher iff or Jlewart clerk of the county uyhere such person Should re

*88 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1785.

side and annually take out a certificate thereof \ that upon every piece of vellum or parchment y or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any finch person Should be ingrossed, written, or printedthere Should be charged mftamp duty of two pounds two shillings: that every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in England, Should be registered with the clerk of the peace of the county; and every fitch deputation, by any proprietor of land in Scotland, Should be registered in the jherijf or fiewart court books of the county in which the said manor or lands' Should bey and the gamekeeper so appointed Should annually take out a certificate thereof; that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate, issued to any person under any deputation or appointment of game keeper, Should be ingrossed, written, or printed, there Should be charged a ft amp duty of ten shillings and sixpence; whereas the payment of the said rates and duties has been greatly evacted; we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedb, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, thinking it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties, and to grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, to be applied to the uses and purposes unto which the said rates and duties granted by the abovementioned acts, made in the twenty-fourth' year of the reign of his present Majesty, are now applicable; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the rates and duties granted by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game y shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1785, thefoi That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven lowing duties hundred and eighty.five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, shall be paid ancj paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and lefty vfz" fr ue k, Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several No pprfon to rates and duties following; that is to say, destroy game,

until he has That every person in Great Britain, who shall use any dog, delivered an gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or destruction of game h?s name°and not anas a gatekeeper under or by virtue of a deputation or appointment duly registered), shall previously deliver in a paper or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person, to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to the sheriff or stewart clerk of the county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place where such person shall reside, and annually take out a certificate thereof;

That

The recited arepealed

From July i,

place of abode to the clerk of the peace, etc. and taken out a certificate thereof;

1785.1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. g.50. 189

That upon every piece of vellum Or parchment, or sheet or for which he piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any fucfi shall pay an person shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall he^utyo^ charged adfamp dury of two pounds, two Shillings' as.

That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper. Deputations granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Eng of gamekeep land, or the dominion of jvale$y shall be registered with the ef^to be re clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place $ and every she^lerltof such deputation or appointment, by any proprietor of land in the peace, C Scotland, shall be registered with the sheriff or stewart clerk of the county, stewartry, or place in which the said manor or lands respectively lie, and the gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a certificate thereof:

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or a certificate piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued- -- person^out under any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper, shall be annually, engracted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a tamp charged with duty of ten Shillings and sixpence. a IOS* d.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and The duty to paying the said duty herein before granted, the same shall bp be under the under the government, care, and management of the commifii com oners, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties missioners of charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or tamp duties the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to cause such new (lamps to be provided to denote the said duty as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter the same from time to time as there shall be occasion, and do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the/aid duties herein before granted, in the like, and in a? full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parch nient, and paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven Every person hundred and eighty-five, every person delivering into the office Jfh? shall de of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for the county, riding, fai^an ac" or place, or if in Scotland, into the office of the sheriff or lew count of his art clerk of the county, Shire, stewartry, or place where he shall name, and reside, a paper, or account in writing, containing the name and p ace of a place of abode of such person; and every gamekeeper, to whom any such deputation or appointment shall be granted as afore deeper who said, registerffig the same in manner aforesaid, and respectively fhadregister requiring a certificate thereon, shall be annually, entitled there bs deputa^unto; and such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, ansi such he btannualw1 riff or stewart clerk, shall thereupon issue a certificate, stamped entitled to a

as

tgo

certificate

thereon.

Form of certificate.

Clerk of the peace, C to sign and deliver certificates to such per fan s req airing the lame.

Defaulters herein shall forfeit 20l. for each offence.

Certificates when to be dated and issued.

Clerk of the peace, C who fshalliffiie any certificate contrary to this act, shall forfeit aol.

Certificates issued after Feb. 28, 1785, to continue in force until July 1, 1786.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1785.

as heroin before is directed, to the effect or form following; that is to say,

IA.B. clerk of the peace for the county of C [or, as the case may happen to be], deputy clerk of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I A.B. jkeriff or Jlewart clerk of the county of C do hereby declare, Thai E. F. bath this day delivered into my office a paper, writing or account, containing his name and place of abode [or, as the case may happen to be], hath this day registered a deputation, whereby he is appointed a gamekeeper by for the

manor or lands of which I do hereby

certify, in pursuance of an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Third, entitled, An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, CC An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of gameand for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or the said sheriff or stewart clerk, after he shall have signed such certificate, shall forthwith issue the same, stamped as herein before is directed, to the person or persons respectively requiring the same in manner aforesaid; and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, be entitled to demand and receive of and from such pesfon the'sum of one (lulling for his own trouble in that behalf: and in case any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff or ltewart clerk, shall neglect or refuse to issue to such person or persons as aforesaid, so delivering in such paper or account in writing, or registering such deputation as aforesaid, a certificate properly marked and stamped as herein before is directed, every such clerk of the peace, or sheriff or stewart clerk, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duty payable on such certificate.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every certificate issued by the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the sheriff or stewart clerk, pursuant to this act, shall bear date on the day of the month on which the same shall be issued, and (half endure and remain in force from thence until the first day of July next following the date thereof, and no longer 5 and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or sheriff or stewart clerk, shall issue any certificate to any person otherwise than above directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Turn of twenty pounds.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all certificates which shall have issued on or after the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in pursuance of the said herein before fecited ad, shall endure and remain in full force for and during the time for which the same were granted, and until the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 191

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every person That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven who, after hundred and eighty-five, if any person or persons shall use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or\ill, any*any gun, net, brother engine, for the taking or destruction game, 'with of any hare, pheasant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly called out a'certifi black Game, or growfe, commonly called Red Game, or any other cate, shall far game whatsoever, without having obtained such certificate, in teita0* such'manner as herein before is directed, every such person or persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven Penalty on hundred and eighty-five, if any person to whom any deputation gamekeepers or appointment of a gamekeeper shall have been, or at any ^e^ifter? time thereafter shall be, granted by any lord or lady of a manor deputations, in England, or the dominion of Wales, or by any proprietor of and to take land m Scotland, shall, for the space of twenty days next after out certify the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and cat€8, eighty-five, or for the space of twenty days next after such deputation or appointment shall thereafter be first granted, neglect or refuse to register the same, and take out a certificate thereon, in the manner herein before directed, every such person, not having obtained some certificate as aforesaid, in pursuance.of this act, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to he recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall make it Not to extend necesstfry for any of the royal family to take out any such certi° je royal ficate as aforesaid, or shall restrain any person or persons ap ami etc pointed or deputed by them, or any of them, from the using

any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or destruction of game within the forests, chases, parks, warrens, or other royalties to them respectively belonging or appertaining.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, or the sheriff Clerks of the or stewart clerks in their respective counties, ridings, shires, Pcac^> etc. to stewartries, or places, shall, on or before the first day of Novem nually tottie bery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or sooner, if stamp office thereunto required by the of of his majesty's lamp correct lists of duties, transtnit to the head office of (lamps in London, a cor certificates rect list, in alphabetical order, of the certificates by them issued

the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thou*seven hundred and eighty-five, and the first day of Oftabery in the same year; and shall also, in every subsequent year, on or before the first day of August, in each such year, whenever they shall be thereunto required by the of of his majesty's lamp duties, make out and transmit to the head office of (lamps in London, correct lists, in alphabetical order, of the certificates so issued by them, distinguistling the duties paid on each respective certificate so issued $ on the delivery

thereof.

?9&

on penalty of sol.

Lists to be kept at the office, and may be in spedted.

Lists to be inserted in newspapers

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1785.

thereof, the receiver-general of the stamp duties shall pay to every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or to every such sheriff or stewart clerk, for the making out and writing any such list, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such person to whom such certificate shall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such list; and in case any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any sheriff or stewart clerk, shall neg iedt or refuse to make out such lists as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such list a full, true, and perfect account, as herein be fore directed, of all the persons the same ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and sheriff or stewart clerk, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said several lists, upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the said head office of stamps in London, and shall and may, within the office hours, be resorted to and inspected by any person whatsoever, on payment of one shilling, and no more.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the of of his majesty's stamp duties shall, once or oftener in every year, as soon as conveniently may be after the said lists shall have been so transmitted to them as aforesaid, cause the same to be inserted in the newspapers circulating in each respective county, or in such public newspaper as to them shall seem most proper.

In case of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, etc. the former certificate to be void.

XIV. And whereas deputations or appointments of gamehepers> granted as before, may be revoked, be it therefore enacted, That if any lord or lady of a manor in England or Wales, or proprietor of land in Scotland, shall make any. new deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper for any manor or lands in the room of the person already appointed, and to whom any such certificate as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register such new deputation or appointment with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or sheriff or stewart clerk of the county, riding, Shire, stewartry, or place, in which the manor or lands shall be situate, and shall obtain a new certificate thereon, the first certificate

granted shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void; and the person acting under the same, after notice to him given of such new and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by this act, in the same manner as if no certificate had been granted to such person.

XV. And, in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, and to facilitate the detection of offenders against this act, by compelling the production of the said certificates to persons authorised to demand inspection offthe same; be it therefore Any person enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per in pursuit of sans shall be found using any dog, gun, net, or other engine, ffiau^etufe to or tang or destruction of game, by any other person who produce his obtained a certificate in the manner herein before directed,

certificate it shall and may be lawful for such other person, producing such

eer

He 5d by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50.

certificate, to demand and require from the person so using such dog, gun, net, or other engine as aforesaid, to produce and show a certificate issued to him for that purpose as hereinbefore is directed; and every such person shall, upon such demand and requifnion as aforesaid, produce such certificate to the person so demanding the same, and permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such person shall wilfully refute to produce and shew a certificate issued to him.for that purpose, or, not having produced and shewn such certificate, shall refuse, on demand thereof, to give in his christian/and surname, and the pla$e of his residence, or shall give in any false or fictitious name or place of residence, every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificate hereby directed to be iflfued by the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, in the respective counties, ridings, or places in England, or by the sheriff or stewart clerks of the counties, shires, stewartries, or places in Scotland, shall not authorise or enable any person to use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or destruction of game, at any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any law now in being; nor shall give to any person any right to use any greyhound, houn<3, pointer, setting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or destruction of game, uriless such person shall be duly qualified so to do, under and by virtue of the laws now in being made for the preservation of the game, but shall be liable to the same penalties in all or any of the said laws contained, as if this act had not been made.

when required by any authorised person so to do.

or to tell hig name, and place of a bode, etc. shall forfeit Sol.

Certificates riot to authorise any person to kill game at any time prohibited by 13LWi etc.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidj

That no certificate, obtained under any deputation or appoint Certificates fnent of a gamekeeper, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in obtained any case whatsoever, where the person having such certificate tien^nouctb# shall have used or shall use any greyhound, hound, pointer, set given in evi ting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other en dence for kill gine for the taking or destruction of game, out of or beyond big game out the precincts or limits of the manor or lands for or in respect of °tc* e manor which such deputation or appointment was given and made.

XVIII. And whereas there are several cities and towns that are

counties of themselves and have no clerks of the peace to issue the ter tificates herein before directed, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person reftding in such cities and Clauserelative towns that are counties, shall and may deliver in the paper or tothofecoun account in writing, h£rein before directed, to the office of the ^scf^g clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of any county, riding, or place peace;

adjoining to such city or town, who is hereby directed and required so issue his certificate to the person applying for the same, as is herein before directed, in the same manner as if the person so requiring such certificate resided in the county of such clerk of the peace; and upon neglect or refusal to issue such cer vol. XXXV O tificate

194 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1785.

tificate as aforesaid, such clerk of the peace shall be liable to r the same penalties as if he had refused or neglected to issue such certificate to any person applying for the same, resident in the county of such clerk of the peace.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Persons coun That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or fe^death as " a^owed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the felons. duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the

impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties, of shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provisions of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat former acts ters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or itemduties as Parlament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parch to be in force ment and paper, shall be in full force and effect with relation in executing to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and this act. put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing

the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalties how That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons

be jecovfr' for offences committed against this act, may be sued for and ed.and app L recovered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or (lie shall recover any penalty or penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own use, with costs of suit. Any justice of

XXII. Provided always, That, from and after the said first day the county, of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall in all offences ancj may ]awfui for any northeast or more justice or justices of the af where the Peace f the county, riding, Shire, stewartry, division, city, LI penalty doth berty, or place, wherein any offence or offences against this act: not exceed shall be committed*and such justice or justices is and are here

aol. mayfum^required, upon information or complaint to him or them mon the par made

Anno viced mb quinto Georgii III. c. 50.' tgg

made, to summon the party or parties accused, and also the ties Before witnesses on either side, to appear before him or them; and up him, and de on the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in defaultf^itoaryway^ Of His, her, or their appearance according to such summons, to' y

proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this at is directed; and to award and issue but his warrants under Penaltiesmif his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and he levied by forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to distress cause sale to be made thereof, irf case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to or the offerid answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common ercommitted gaol, or house of correction, there to remain for the space of six months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such person or persons shall find himself or themselves Persons ag aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he of they grieved may shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value appeal to the bf such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall aons^upon" be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to giving propef the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for security. the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons sum

if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or wit nioned as witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the

r 1 7-. o i appearing, to

peace, touching any or the matters relative to this act, either ort forfeit iol.

the part of the profecu^or, or of the person or persons accused;

and shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the time and place to be

for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such

his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by fucfi

justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution

shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid

in such manner and by such means as is herein before directed

as to other penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any of Hovv justices fender shall be convicfted as aforesaid, shall cause the said con vision to be made out in the manner and form following, or offen(icr8. in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say:

0 2

BE

196 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1785.

Form of con Tj E it remembered, That on the day of

Action. JD in the year of our Lord at

in the county of A.B. came before me CD one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, refeding near the place where the offence was committed, and informed me that E. F of on the day of now laji

pajl, didufe a gun, dog, net, or other engine, (as the case may be), for the taking or destruction of game, and did thereby and therewith take, kill, and destroy, a hare, game, (as the case may be),

[here set forth the fact for which the information was laid], without having the certificate required by law for that purpose; whereupon the said E.F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared 'before me, and having heard the charge contained in the said information declared he was not guilty of the said offence; (or, as the case may happen to be), did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons, (or did neglefi and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the same being fully proved upon the oath ofg.h. a credible witness, (or as the case may happen to be), acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true: and it manifestly appearing to me that he the said. F. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information; 1 do therefore hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that hey the said E.F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offences aforesaid, according to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day of

Justice may mitigate penalties.

No offender agp.inst this act to be imprisoned more than three months.

Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, and Dy him paid into the exchequer.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said justice or justices, where he or they shall see eause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he or they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigated penalty, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be remove able by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any person or persons whatsoever to a longer imprisonment than three calendar months, for nonpayment of any fine or penalty to be imposed under the authority of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary changes of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being dedufled)

197

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.

into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of Auditor to the auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a ^ookfo^en feook or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said' tering the du several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, ties separate shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or from all payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any ac other count whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said reapplication ceipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the paymenttherco of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an a of the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, ond for efablijking a lottery.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Defendants said. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times may plead the be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them general idue, done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants and recover shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plain treble costs, tiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LI.

An act for repealing the duties on licences taken Gut by persons luting horses for the purpose of travelling pofl, and on horses let to hire for travelling pof, and by time and on sage coaches; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also additional duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twentieth year of the

V reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for repeal Recital of 20 ing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre Geo. 3. c. 51* sent Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain ]

duties on licences to be taken out by all per Jens letting horses to hirey for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by times, and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; arid' for granting other duties in lieu thereof; it was enacted That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there Should be raised levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors the several rates and duties following; [that is to say,) That every pojlttiafter, innkeeper, or other person in Great Britain, who Should let to hire any horfte for the purpose of travel ling post by the mile, or from ft age to Jlage; or being a person ufumy letting horses to hire, Should let to hire for adoy, or any lefts pc

O 3 rioi

X Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

f/tfi of timeany horse for drawing any coach or other carriage, used in travelling pofi or otherwise, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty under the management of the commissioners of excise for the % time being, then was made payable by any Statute then in force, Should yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five billings for a licence for that purpose; for and in respect of every horse hired by the mile or Jlage, to be used in travelling pofi in Great Britain, there Should be charged a duty of one penny for every mile such horse Should be hired to travel pofi*, and that for and n respect of every horse hired for a day, or any less period of time, for drawing on a pofi or other public road', any coach or other carriage, used in travelling pofi, or otherwise, in respect whereof any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise for the time being, then was made payable by any statute then in force, there Should be charged, if the difiance Should be then ascertained, the sum of one penny per mile; and if the dif X tance Should not then be ascertdined, there Should be charged the sum

of one shilling and sixpence for and in respect of each horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person or persons by whom such horse Should be so hired: That every person who Should keep any $oacb or other carriage, by what name soever the same then was calied, to be employed as a public Jlage coach or carriage, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, Should yield and pay annually unto h\s Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five Billings for a licence for that purpose; that every coach or other carriage, by what name soever called or known, to be employed as public Jlage coaches, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, Should be, and the same were thereby charged with a duty of one halfpenny for every mile such carnage Should travel, to be paid by the owner or owners thereof respectively: and whereas, by an act made in the twenty-third

Geo. 3. C year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for 3* granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon stage coaches,

and othep carriages therein mentioned,) it was enacted, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there Should be ratfed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, upon every coach or other machine, to be employed as a public stagecoach or carriage, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from one place to another in the kingdom of Great Britain, an additional duty of one halfpenny for every mile such carriages Should travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and whereas the payment of the said rates and duties have been greatly evacted; we, your majesty's rnofit dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do therefore think that it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties, and to grant'unto your Majesty other rates and duties in lieu thereof, and also additional duties on horses let to hire for the purpose of travelling pofi, and by time 5 do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be e

'*y

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 199

acted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the prom Aug. 1, first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, 1785, therates the rates and duties granted by an act, made in the twentieth granted by year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for 20 Geo. 3. C repealing an made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his pre 51, sent Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by all persons letting horses to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof) and also the additional rate and duty granted by an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, ana5i for granting and z Geo. to his Majesty an additional duty upon page coaches and other carriages 3* C 63* therein mentioned,) shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; except only such moneys as shall have been re repealed, ceived, or shall be payable by the several postmasters, innkeepers, and other persons, for and on account of the said rates and duties, at any time on or before the said first day of August, and which be unaccounted for and unpaid by them to the several coiledors appointed by virtue of the acts to receive the same.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared,

That the several bonds, given in pursuance of the said acts, or Bonds given either of them, shall continue and be of full force and effect, in pursuance with respect to all duties due and owing by virtue of the said recited acts, and also with respect to the several duties by this a*ad granted, and all matters and things therein contained.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the and licences several licences granted in pursuance of the said acts, shall con granted, etc. tinue in full foree and effect, for and during the periods for t continue in which the same have been respectively granted; and that the force several appointments made by the of of stamps to

the several persons appointed coiledors of the said duties, shall remain and continue in full force, until revoked by the said commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand New <*ut*e9' seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, col lededj and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say, )

That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person in Great Every post britain, who shall let to hire any horse for the purpose of tra matter, etc. veiling post by the mile, or from stage to stage, or being a per shall Jet son usually letting horses to hire, shall let to hire for a day, or for travelling any less period of time, any horse for drawing any coach or post, for an other carriage used in travelling post, or otherwise. by whatso annual LI

O 4 ever cence> s

2oq> Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. g 51. [1785.

ever name such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, are or have been made payable by any Statute or Statutes now in force shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose:

Every person That for and in respect of every horse hired by the mile of

hiring horses stage, to be used in travelling post in Great Britain, there shall to travel post, be cfoarged a duty of pne penny halfpenny for every mile such each^orfe', horse *11 be hired to travel post:

y d. halfpenny And that for and in respetft of every horse hired for a day, or per mile; any less period of time, for drawing on any publick road any coach or other carriage used in travelling, post, or otherwise, by whatsoever name such carnages now are or hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excisey are or have been made payable by any Statute or statutesnow in force, there shall be charged, if the distance shall be pr is.9d. per then ascertained, the sum of one penny halfpenny per mile; and if day, where the distance shall not then be ascertained, there shall be charged the sum of one shilling and nine pence for and in respect of each horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person or persons by whom such horse shall be so hired:

That every person who shall keep any coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise, diligence or other carriage with four wheels, or any calash, chaise, chair, or other carriage with two wheels, by what name soever the same now is or hereafter r shall be called or known, to be employed as riage, foi car public stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying inftde°palrenl r p^engers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom gers, for hire, of Great Britain shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, pr any stage his heirs and successors, the sum of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose:

And that every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise'or other carriage with four wheels or any calash, chaise, chair, or other carriage with two wheels, by what name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called pr known, to be employed as publipk stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire, to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby charged with a duty of one penny for every mile such carriage or carriages as aforesaid shall travel, to be paid by the owner or owners thereof respectively.

the distance shall not be ascertained:

Every person keeping a diligence, post coach, or other fout wheeled car

coach, etc. shall pay annually 58. for a licence;

and shall also pay id. for every mile such carriage shall travel.

h r.., V And, for the better and more effectual raising, levying, tie/tobe im cohecting, and paying the said rates and duties herein before der the ma granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and nagement of management of the commissioners for the time being appointed the commis to manag€ the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and stamp^duhes successors, and charged on damped vellum parchment, and

papery

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 201

paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers under thenv for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or (lamps as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same from time to time as there shall be occasion; and to do all other als, matters, and things necessary to be done for. putting this act in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Penalty on first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, personalet* no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, travst unless he or she be authorised and enabled, in the manner here p0ft5etc.with in after prescribed, let out any horse for hire, either by the out a licence, mile or stage, or to draw any coach, berlin, landau, chariot,

ealafh with four wheels, or any calash, chaise, or chair with two wheels, or any other carriage used in travelling port, or otherwise, by whatsoever name such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, (upon which any rates or duties, now or heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, are or have been reserved or made payable,) for a day, or less period of time, upon pain to forfeit, for every fuclr offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Any two passing of this act, any two or more of his majesty's commissi commission oners, appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps ftasnfp.(iutie8, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or some person duly author 0rperson au*rifed by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall ap thorifedby ply for the same, to let out horses for hire, in the manner them, may aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place within Great Bri forle^tin^out tain for the space of one year, to commence from the said first horses to hire, day of August^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five,

upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of Juguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all and every person or persons who shall take out such licence for letting out horses for hire, in manner, aforesaid,

shall take out a frerti licence for another year, ten days at least before the expiration of that year for which he, she, or they shall be so licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to let out horses for hire in manner aforesaid; shall, in like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licences, as long as hebe, or they shall pontinue to let out horses for hire in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no postmaster, inn No person t keeper, Qr other gerson what foe ver, licensed 01? to be licensed keep more

202

than one inn, etc. for letting horses, by virtue of one licence, on penalty of aol.

Licensed innkeepers, etc. to cause certain words to be painted on the fronts of their houses, etc. before they let horses for hire;

on penalty of 51-

Innkeepers, etc. who furnish carriages to travel post, shall affix their names, and their place of abode, on some conspicuous part thereof;

on penalty of 51-

Innkeepers, etc. who furnish carriages to travel for 2 day, or less period of time, shall affix, upon some canfpi*

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

by authority of this act, shall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one inn, house, or other place for letting horses for the purposes aforesaid; but for each and every inn, house, or other place, which any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall keep for the purposes aforesaid, a separate and distinct licence shall be taken out and paid for by such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person; upon pain to forfeit, for every inn, house, or other place, so kept by him, her, or them, not licensed as aforesaid, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein is directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed to let horses as herein be fore mentioned, shall cause the words (Licensed to let Post Horses) to be painted or written in legible characters, either on a (ign hung out, or in some visible place in the front of his, her, or their house, (tables, or out offices, at the respective places at which he, she, or they let out horses to hire as aforesaid, to denote that such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, is a letter or furnisher of horses, and authorised to furnifti travellers with the same, pursuant to law: and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to let out horses for hire, as herein before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That every person so licensed as aforesaid, shall, if he, she, or they furnish his, her, or their own chaises, or other carriages, at the same time with such horses let to hire to travel post as aforesaid, mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside pannel of each door of the chaise, or other carriage so furnished, his, her, or their christian and surname, and the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, in letters of a colour distinct from the colour of the carriage, each letter at lead one inch in length, and continue the same thereupon, as long as such chaise or carriage shall be soused; and if any person or persons shall neglect or omit to mark or paint the same, as herein before is directed, or shall mark or paint, or cause to be marked or painted, any false or fictitious name, or place of abode, on such chaise or other carriage, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, if he, she, or they furnish his, her, or their own coaches, berlins, landaus, t chariots, calasties, chaises, or other carriages with four wheels, or any cala(h, chaise, chair, or other carriage aforesaid with two wheels, at the same time with such horses let to hire for a day, or less period of time, for drawing on any public road, where such carriages shall have a box, or other outside seat for the

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51j 203

driver thereof, shall affix upon some conspicuous part of the cuous part footboard, or other part of such box or seat, a brass or tin thereof, a plate, on which there shall be marked or engraved the christian brass or tin and surname of every such owner or owners, and the jiame ofgaining^the city, town, and place, of his, her, or their abode, in large names6 and and legible characters, and continue the same thereon, and replaces of place the same as often as occasion shall require, during the abode time such coach, or other carriage, as aforesaid shall be soused; and where such carriages so furnished as aforesaid shall not have a box or other outside seat for the driver thereof, shall affix upon a conspicuous part of the pole, shaft, or splinter bar of every such carriage as aforesaid, a brass or tin plate, upon which there shall be marked or engraved the christian and surname of every such owner or owners, together with the name of the city,; town, or other place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible charadiers, and continue the same thereon, and replace the same as often as occasion shall require, during the time any such carriage as aforesaid shall be soused: and if any person or Penalty on persons shall omit or neglect so to do, or mark or engrave, or neglect, etc. cause to be marked or engraved, any false or fictitious name or, place of abode, on any such plate so to be affixed on any such coach, berlin, landau, chariot, chaise, or other carriage as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every such offence the sum of five pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said commission of appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on 8 vellum, parchment, and paper, shall, at the time of issuing deliver, to such licence as aforesaid, deliver, or cause to be delivered to every person every postmaster, Jnnkeeper, or other person so licensed, print taking out a ed or written papers, (entitled, stamp office Weekly Accounts,) in ed^written which shall be inserted the day of the week, and blanks left for papers: the number of horses and miles, and name of the town or place to which such horses shall be hired to go 5 and also for the day of the month, and the names of the postillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after direcied, according to the following form, or such other form as the said commissioners shall judge convenient for keeping such accounts.

Stamp

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

stain|)*office Weekly Aecount.

A.B. of C

Month and Day, Week and Day. Names ofpoftllli&ns or Drivers,

A. S. C D. E. F. G.H. /. - M. Names of places to which the Horses are hired to go. Duty.

No. of No. of No. of No. of No. of \ No. of -

Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses; Miles. Horses. Miles;

Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday; "

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51 205

And shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a number of And also cer* tickets, on which shall be printed or written the words Stamp tain tickets. office) and also the word (Horses) and 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6, in figures, as the tickets may be intended to denote the numbers; and likewise the word (milesj except where the horses are hired for a day, or any less period of time, and then, instead of the word {milesj the words (For a Day) shall be inserted, and also the amount of the duty, at and after the rate of one Shilling and nine pence for each horse, according to the number of horses expressed by figures on such tickets, and shall take especial care that all persons so licensed shall be sufficiently fur niftied with such accounts and tickets; and in case any officer Penalty on employed in the execution of this at, in relation to the said officers make rates and duties, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to do or per ingdefault. form any matter or thing by this act required or directed to be done dr performed by him, whereby any of his majesty's fub jets shall or may ftiftain any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall be liable, in any action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the party aggrieved all such damages, with treble costs of suit.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That each and every Postmatfers, postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed to let horses for the purpose aforesaid, Avail, at the time of receiving his, her, ij^nc^to* or their first licence, give security, by bond, to his Majesty, his give security heirs and successors, in the sum of fifty pounds, with a conditi for the rede on that he, she, or they will, whenever thereunto required, ll^ery of tick redeliver, or cause to be redelivered, the lamp office tickets covntedior which he, she, or they may have received, and that may etc.

remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them, or will pay the money due thereon; and that he, she, or they will also deliver to the person or persons properly authorised, by the com midioners appointed for managing the duties arising by damps on vellum, parchment, and paper, to iqfped the same, and to receive the money due thereon, the damp office accounts so delivered to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, faithfully made out, figaed, and atteded, as herein after directed, and make payment of all such sum and sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this at; and also truly and faithfully to observe and perform all the directions, matters, and things, herein contaiped, on his, her, or their behalf, to be observed and performed; and in case of the nonperformance or breach of such condition, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or the persons so appointed by them, to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to law; and in case of judgement against the defendant, the said of may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to such person, against whom such judgement shall be obtained, any licence to let horses as aforesaid in future.

XI And, to prevent any disputes arising at what rate or value the tickets Avail be settled which may have been delivered.

2, q6 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. fr785/

ad, in pursuance of this atto the postmasters, innkeepers, of others, and which may remain unaccounted for by him, her, of Ticketsunac them, be it enacted, That such tickets shall be valued in accounted for, count, and paid for, in case of any deficiency, at and after the how to be rate of one shilling and nine pence for each horse, according to valued. the number of horses expressed by figures on such tickets, and in the receipt given by such postmaftess, innkeepers, or other persons for the same.

Postmasters,

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every post etc. letting matter, innkeeper, of other person licensed as aforesaid, who travel0post to et ors to hire by the me of stage to he used in shall receive, travelling post, shall, by themselves or fefvants, previous to the for the use of using such horse or horses, ask, demand, and receive, for the his majesty, use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the hiring the ns person or persons hiring the same, the sum of one penny half famefid.aq. Penny per mile for each mile such horse shall be so hired to tra for every mile vel, at and after the rate or number of miles which he, she, or each horse is they shall charge such traveller or travellers for the stage or dicto travel; tance such horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the same and shall deli time he or she receives payment of the duty for such horse or jamp office horses, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or per tickets pro fens hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp perly filled up. office tickets herein before mentioned, as occasion shall require, and to which such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to be added if an innkeeper, the riame of his signor house; if not an innkeeper, his or her name; and he shall also insert the riame of the city, town, or place where such licensed person resides, and the name of the town or place to which such horses may be hired to go; and if to London, the name of the street, square, or place in London; and in words or figures thd month, and day of the month, and the number of miles, for which such horse or horses are so hired: and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other peiton, under pretence of there not being any turnpike or tollbar upon the road through which he may bd hired to go, or, under any other pretence whatsoever, shall Penalty on neglect to ak, demand, and receive the said duty of one penny neglect there halfpenny per mile from such person or persons hiring such °*' horse or horses, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the ticket V

or tickets, filled up as herein before directed, to such person or persons so hiring the horses as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if hey (he, or they, had actually received the same.

Travellers to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every fra deliver their veller or travellers to whom the tickets, whereon shall be exr tickets at the pressed the number of miles, shall be delivered as aforesaid, if turnpike they shall pass through any turnpike or tollbar, shall, at the through.^turnpike, tollbar, or bridge, at which any toll shall be

by law collected, through which he, she, or they shall pass, e deliver,

207

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.

deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets so given to him, her, or them at the place where he, she, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to demand, and to receive and file; and if any traveller or travellers, so going pod Penalty on as aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such ticket or tickets, neglect, or shall not deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, properly filled up, as herein before is directed, he, she, or they shall, before such horses be permitted to pass through such turnpike or tollbar, pay for every horse hired and used by such traveller or travellers the sum of one shilling and nine pence, which the gate keeper is hereby authorised to ak and demand, and not permit such horse or horses to pass till he, (lie, or they shall have paid the same, or produced such ticket or tickets as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no traveller shall be No traveller compelled to pay for a greater number of miles than shall be to pay for expressed upon the ticket by this act directed to be issued to [^ftfalfbe such traveller; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person expressed up so licensed as aforesaid, shall insert in such ticket the name of on his ticket, any other town or place than the town or place to which the Penalty on horses shall be hired to go, or shall fill up a less number of postmasters, miles than the number charged to such traveller, every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so offending, shall forfeit and tickle? pay the sum of ten pounds; and the said of shall, if they think fit, after conviction of such offender, refuse to grant such offender any licence in future.

XVIII. And whereas pojlmajlers, innkeepers, and other persons, add the number of miles upon, the tickets issued by them to persons travelling post, according to the distance of the sage, yet nevertheless charge the traveller a sum of money not at or after any certain ra te per mile under a pretence that the sum so charged is their price for theftage \ be it therefore enacted, That where any ticket shall Clause rela be issued, with the number of miles expressed thereon, and the tive to charg* postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so issuing the same, shall in? tr*cc!e'r8' charge the traveller a specific sum by the stage, and not at or fu£e£y the after the usual or any certain rate per mile, in every such case, stage, and such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall be account not by the able for one fourth part of the pnoney so received by him, her, my or them, as and for the duty by this act directed to be paid; and shall, in that case, express on the said ticket the money charged to such traveller, and enter in the weekly account, herein before directed to be kept, one fourth part of the money so received, and pay the same to the collector or collectors appointed by this act to receive and collect the said duties; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall act contrary hereto, he, she, or they shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every post Postmasters, master, innkeeper, and other person so licensed as aforesaid, ctc* lettin8

who

os

out horses to travel by the day, etc shall receive, for the use of his Majesty, of the persons hiring them, id. halfpenny for every mile each horse is to travel, or is. 9d. for each horse, where thedif tance shall not be ascertained;

and shall deliver to them stamp office tickets properly filled up. Penalty on postmasters, etc. for neg lets.

day tickets to be delivered at the first turnpike;

in return for which the gate keeper shall give an exchange ticket,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5l.

[1785.

who shall let to hire any horse or horses by the day or less period of time, as aforesaid, shall, by themselves or servants, previous to such horse or horses being used, ask, demand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons hiring the same, the futa of one penny halfpenny per mile for each mile such horse or horses shall be so hired to go, where the distance shall be ascertained, and where the distance shall not be ascertained, then the sum of one shilling and nine pence for each horse so hired, previous to such horse or horses being used; and shall, at the same time, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or persons so hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp office tickets herein before mentioned, with the words (for a Day,) inserted therein, as occasion shall require; and to which every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to be added, if an innkeeper, the name of his signor house, if not an innkeeper, his or her name; and he shall also insert the name of the city, town, or place where such licensed person resides, and, in words or figures, the month, and day of the month; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall neglect to ask, demand, and receive the said duty of one penny halfpenny per mile, or one shilling and nine pence for each horse, as the case shall happen to be, from such person or persons hiring the same, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the ticket or tickets so filled up as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if he, she, or they had actually received the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every person or persons, to whom such day ticket as aforesaid shall be delivered, if he, she, or they shall, in the course of the day for which such ticket shall be given, pass through any turnpike, tdll bar, or over any bridge (where any toll is collected by virtue of any act or acts of parliament), shall, at the first turnpike, tollbar, or bridge, through which he, she, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gatherer there, the day ticket or tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, she, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said toll gatherer is hereby directed to demand, and to receive and file; and in return for such day ticket or tickets, every such person or persons shall receive from the said toll gatherer a ticket, (called An Exchange Ticket), to be supplied from the stamp office, which shall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike or tollbar shall be, and the words (Received day ticket); and also the number of horses according to the figures expressed in such day ticket, together with the name of the city, town, or place, at which such day ticket was given, and some mark or number, denoting the particular day in which such exchange ticket was issued, in printed or written tetters or figures;

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5*. 209

gures; fvhich said exchange tickets the said toll gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to such person or persons gratis, in return For such day ticket so left with him as aforesaid; and which which shall be said exchange ticket so delivered shall be shewn by such person (bewnatevery Or persons at every turnpike or tollbar, through which lie, (he, or they shall afterwards on that day pass with such horse or ^av# s horses for which such day ticket shall have been given: and if Penalty on any person or persons, to whom such day ticket or tickets shall travellers not*be delivered as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to leave the same at such first turnpike as aforesaid, or shall refuse to show ic

the ticket, so given to him, her, or them in exchange, at every turnpike or tollbar, through which he, she, or they shall on that day pass as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall pay, for every horse then used by him, her, or them, the sum of one shilling and nine pence, before such horse or horses shall pass through such turnpike, tollbar, or bridge, the gatekeeper or toll gatherer there is hereby authorised to ask, demand, receive, and retain the same to his own use; and where the name of ilie owrier of the carriage shall be marked on the footboard or seat, or pole, shaft, or splinter bar, as herein before is directed to be done, when the carriage is let out to hire at the same time with the horses, then such gatekeeper or toll gatherer shall not permit fdch'horse or horses to pass through until such traveller shall have paid the same, or left such day ticket or tickets, or shall have produced and shewn such exchange ticket, as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty on persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, the brass or tin j aching off the plate, herein before directed to be affixed on carriages used as ^oned'braf8 hefein before mentioned, with an intent to evade the payment or tin pate, of the ddty, or the furxi of one shilling and nine pence for each in order to horse to be paid at the turnpike or tollbar, as herein before is ev3de pay directed; every such person or persons so offending, shall for uety fthe feit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied y 9

in the same manner as the other penalties in this act are directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any carriage, and on dri iipon Which any brass or tin plate is directed to be affixed as versofcarri aforesaid? shall pass through any turnpike or tollbar, without throu^any having such brass 6r tin plate then affixed thereon, in the man turnpike her herein before directed, the driver or drivers of every such without such carriage shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be re plate covered and Applied in the manner herein after appointed.

XXIII. And, in order to prevent evasions in the filling up the said tickets, where the horses are hired to return in a less period of time than two days, and the difiance shall be ascertained, be it enacted, That where any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, How tickets shall let to hire any horse or horses as aforesaid to return in a T thaq less period of time than two days, and the number of miles, b/filled instead of the words (For a day shall be inserted in such ticket, Up. every licensed postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall fill up the name of the place to which the horses are hired to go,

m. XXXV P and

zio

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

and the true number of miles, ascertaining the distance both going to and returning from the place expressed in such ticket; and in default of not tilling up the said ticket, as herein before is directed, every such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and moreover be chargeable with the said duty to his Majesty, his heirs and fuo cessors, in the same manner as if he or she had actually received the same.

Description of the certificates to be delivered to travellers who shall hire horses for two days, or more.

Such certificate to be delivered at the first turnpike;

for which the gate keeper shall give a check ticket.

If traveller

oegledt to take such certificates, etc.

they shall pay is. 9d. for each horse, which the gate keeper may retain to his own use.

XXIV Jndj in order to prevent frauds where horses shall be let to hire for two or more days, be it enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, when he shall let to hire for two days, or a. longer space of time, any horses for drawing any carriage as aforesaid, on any public road, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person travelling in such carriage, or to the driver thereof, a note or certificate, to be supplied from the stamp office, on which shall be engraved or printed (Hired for Two or more Days), and to which such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person shall add the day of the month, the name of the place of his abode, and the number of days for which the said horses shall be hired, and the name and place of abode of the person hiring the same, and the person travelling in such carriage, or the driver thereof, shall, at the first turnpike, or other place where toll is by law collected, if he, she, or they shall pass through any, deliver to the toll gate keeper there the note or certificate so given to him or her as aforesaid, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to ask and demand, and to receive and file; and in return for such note or certificate, the toll gate keeper shall deliver a ticket, called (The Check Ticket to be supplied from the stamp office, which shall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike or tollbar shall be, and the words (Certificate delivered), and also the name of the town or place whence such note or certificate iflii ed, together with some mark or number denoting the particular day on which such check ticket was issued, in printed or written letters or figures; which said check ticket the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to deliver to such person or persons gratis, in return for such note or certificate fq left with him as aforesaid, and which said check ticket, so delivered, shall be shewn by the driver of such carriage, or same therein, to

the toll gatherer at every turnpike or tollbar through which the said horses may have occasion to pass: and if any person or persons, so hiring such horses for the purposes aforesaid, shall have neglected to take such note or certificate as above specified, or shall neglect or refuse to leave the same at such first turnpike or tollbar as aforesaid, or shall refuse to shew, at the several turnpikes or toll bars through which he shall pass, the check ticket so given to him by the toll gate keeper as aforesaid, such traveller or travellers shall pay for every horse then used by him or her the sum of one shilling and nine pence before such horses be permitted to pass such turnpike or tollbar, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby authorised to alk, demand, and

receive.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.

receive, and retain to his own use, and not permit such horses to.pals.till such travellers shall have paid the fameyor produced such note or certificate, or such check ticket as aforesaid; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, in such note or certificate, insert any false or fictitious name or place of his or her abode, or shall wilfully insert therein any fictitious name, or place of abode of the person hiring such horses, or shall, in letting out such horses for the purposes aforesaid, by any device or collusion, pretend to let, out his horses for a longer space of time than the time for which the same were actually hired, with an intent to evade the duty hereby imposed, such pofl> master, innkeeper, or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and the said of shall, if they think fit, after conviction of such offender, refuse to grant such offender any licence in future.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every horse hired for the purpose of drawing any carriage as aforesaid for any less period of time than two successive complete days, shall be deemed, for the purposes of this act, to be hired for a day, and shall be subject to all the rules, regulations, and restrictions, as horses hired for a day, or less period of time, for drawing such carriages as aforesaid, are by this act made liable and subject to.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every toll gate keeper who shall have received any of the day tickets, or the notes or certificates for two or more days, as herein before mentioned, and shall refuse to give any traveller or travellers gratis, the tickets hereby directed to be given in exchange, or who shall deliver the exchange ticket or check ticket, without having received in lieu thereof the lamp office day ticket, or the note or certificate for two or more days, as herein before mentioned; or who shall make, or permit or suffer to be made, any alteration in any of the tickets hereby directed to be filed by him or her, after such tickets shall have Come to his or her custody, or shall deliver any of the tickets directed to be received "and filed by him or her, to any person or persons other than the person or persons duly authorised as herein after mentioned to receive the same, he; or (he shall, for every suchoffence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed. 1

XXVII. And it is hereby.further enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed to let horses as aforesaid, shall insert, in the account herein before specified'delivered to him, her, or them, from the lamp office, the number of horses used in travelling poll, and the number of miles for which such horses shall have been soused, and the name of the town or place to which such horses were hired to go; also the number of horses let to hire for $ day, or any less period of time; and also the note or certificate so issued by them as aforesaid, and the day of the month on which he said day ticket were ofed, or such note or certificate was issued, toge

P 2 there

2 II

Penalty on postmasters, &c.delivering false certificates, C

Horses hfredl for any less time than two days, shall be deemed to be hired for one day.

Penalty on gate keepers for neglect of duty.

Enumeration of particulars to be inserted, by postmaf ters, etc. in the account to be delivered them from the stamp office.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

there with the names of the postilions or drivers employed; which said account shall be' signed by such postmaster, inn'

'or other person so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed by the hostler, or other servant employed in preparing and getting ready such horses, and shall be open, when required, to the inspection of any person or persons duly authorised under the hands and Teals of the said of for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, to inspect the At what times same; and such postmaster, innkeeper, and other person soli licensed per cenfefi as aforesaid, residing in the city of London or liberty of in^ondorfor Westminster, shall, the first Tuesday or Wednesday in every month, Westminster, and such other person so licensed as aforesaid, residing within or within five five miles of the head office for (lamps, or within the bills of orin^h^bh^'mortality, shall, the first Thursday or Friday in every month, or of mortality, at ot^er times as may be appointed by the said commissi (bali deliver oners, on public notice given in the Gazette, bring in and de their accounts liver to the of, or to the person or persons appoint the ttamp' ed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the head o ce, etc. office, the accounts herein before directed for the four weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such day of delivery, and shall, at the same time, pay such sum and sums of money which shall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for collecting the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, at the head office, upon pain of forfeiting ten pounds for every default in not delivering in such account, and double the amount of the money so due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties for the nonpayment thereof.

Where and >

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every post when licensed tnafler, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, not fn ouier parts re*ng whhin the cities of London or Westminster, or within of the king-r five miles of the same, or within the bills of mortality, shall, at dom shall de such times and places to be appointed for that purpose as here jiver their in after mentioned, produce and deliver the accounts herein accounts, etc, before directed for the weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such delivery, and then unaccounted for, to the person or persons duly authorised and commissioned, under the hands and seals of three of the said of for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to receive such accounts, and the money due thereon; and at the same time pay to such person or persons all sum and Turns of money, which shall appear to be due upon such accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for every default in not delivering such accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, For the said rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

Postmasters,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every postmaster,

etc. to enter innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, shall enter, thdr^weekly 01 he entered, in his weekly account, the tickets, notes.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 213

or certificates, so issued by him, her, or them, on the day in account on which the same shall be issued; and if any postmaster inn. the day they keeper, or other person, shall date any of the porting tickets or were issued, day tickets, or any note or certificate, by him or her delivered as aforesaid, in any other manner than as the same shall', at the time of such delivery, be entered in his or her weekly account or accounts, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, for on penalty of feit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered and ap 40sf plied as herein after is directed.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted, That every port Penalty on

master, innkeeper, or other person, fp licensed as aforesaid, who postmaster'be guilty of any wilful concealment, or making false ac endeavour to counts, or any other fraudulent contrivance, device, or pretence defraud his whatsoever, with an intent or design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the rates or duties imposed rates imposed by this at, or any part thereof, such postmaster, innkeeper, or by;

other person, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as herein after directed; and the said of shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after judgement obtained against such offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

XXXI. And, in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, by permitting carriages, conveying persons post, to be drawn by horses which have paid the duty for the ft age, under pretence of such horses being upon the return home; be it further enacted, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, Everypofl> who shall take the hire for such horses by the mile, or from

stage to stage, shall be considered as the person to whom the t^e°hire for'duties herein before granted shall be paid, and shall be charge. horses travel able, with, and accountable for the same, as if such postmaster, lingpost, (bail innkeeper, or other person, was the actual proprietor of such horses, although the same may belong to, and be the property of any other licensed postmaster, innkeeper, or other person.

XXXII And) in order to prevent evading the payment of the duties hereby, granted upon horses hired by the mile or stage, under the pretence of the letting such horses for a day, or any less period of time,

be it enacted, That no postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, postma at'whose inn, house, or other place kept for letting horses to ^ofchouw hire, any; traveller or travellers shall change horses, shall let to ^1y°traveller' hire any horse or horses to such traveller or travellers, in any shall change other manner than by the mile or stage; and if any postmaster, horses, shall innkeeper, or other person, shall at contrary hereto, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum han the of ten pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned. mile or stage.

XXXIII. And in order to prevent any obstruction or inconvenience to travellers, from the name of the town or place to which the horses may be hired to go, being inserted in the ticket as herein before

is directed; be it ertacted, That where any postmaster, innkeeper, where*inn or other person so licensed as aforesaid, at whose inn, house, or keepers can other place, any traveller or travellers shall apply to change not furnish horses, if he or she cannot furpifh horses to convey such tta travellers

P 3 vellers

414 Anno vicesiriio quinto Georgii III.'c. 51. [1785.

they are to vellers on their journey, when applied to for that purpose, such give them a postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall and is hereby di pr/oper\y filled re<^ec* to to any traveller requiring the same, a frefti ticket up, etc. properly filled up, and receive the duty due thereon, and charge himself or herself therewith, in the same manner as if the horses had been hired from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person.

XXXIV. And for the encouragement of the toll gate keepers to be attentive and vigilant in the execution of this and as a com

toll gate pensation for their trouble; be it enacted, That all and every toll peepers to gate keeper shall be, and is hereby authorised to demand and M the receive from the collector, or other person appointed to get in pound for all the same, to whom he, she, or they shall deliver the day tickets tickets they and posting tickets, in the manner herein after directed and shall deuvcr prescribed, the sum of threepence for every pound sterling, toco e ors. w|jjcj1 the duties Upon any such tickets shall amount unto, and tand after that rate for any less sum than a pound sterling; and such collector, or other person, is hereby authorised to pay and allow the same accordingly; and that such allowance of threepence in the pound shall be over and above the allowance or privilege hereby given to such toll gate keepers of retaining the money by him, her, or them, collected from, such traveller or travellers, person or persons, who shall not, pursuant to this acct, have delivered the tickets to such toll gate keeper as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby en whereand g£feed. That all and every toll gate keeper shall, for the com when the pensation and allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, 'keepers2shall tic^ets herein before mentioned, by him or her received, bring the said if within five miles of the head office for (lamps, then to the tickets. said head office there, or to such other place, within the bills of

morrality, as the of of the lamp duties shall appoint; and if beyond the diilance of five miles from the head office, then to such places, and at such times, as the collector, appointed to coliedl such tickets, shall require, and deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, such tickets to the collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

Penalty on

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every toll gate toll gate keeper, who shall have received such lamp office ^xntdeu tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cause to be brought, vcrup tickets such tickets at the times and places aforesaid, shall, upon de on demand; mand made at the gate of such turnpike or tollbar, deliver such tickets to the collector to be appointed by the said commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, as aforesaid; and if any toll gate keeper shall refuse to deliver up all and every such lamp office tickets so received by him or her, upon such demand as aforesaid, every toll gate keeper shall, for each ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any tollgate

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 215

keeper shall wilfully neglect to act and demand, or shall refuse or who shall to receive, from any person or persons, any ticket or tickets ne^left totv hereby directed to be delivered to such toll gate keeper as afore £0* tickets laid, or shall negletff or refuse to file the same when delivered, required by every such toll gate keeper, so wilfully neglecting to ask and this act. demand, or refusing to receive and file such tickets, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in manner herein after directed.

XXXVIII. And, in order to prevent any collujion or fraudulent practices in toll gate keepers, be it enacted, That in case any toll gate keepers gatekeeper shall ask, demand, or receive, or agree to take or fraudulently accept any less sum or sums of money than he or she is hereby tbanpthey are authorised to ask, demand, and receive, and retain to his own authorised to use, every such toll gate keeper shall, for every such offence, demand, for forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered and aos* applied in the manner herein after appointed.

- XXXIX And whereas there are many public roads on which there are no turnpikes, so that the tickets directed to be issued by the several pojimajiers, and other persons, cannot be received and filed as directed by this act, whereby great frauds are prafllfed\ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commission of appointed to manage the duties on damped vel ^ar^ancf^ lum, parchment, and paper, to erect bars and gates across any acrofg public road, for the receipt of the tickets directed to be issued public roads, in pursuance of this act, and to place a person or persons thereat, and appoint

who shall have, and are hereby invested with the same power.

n, 3.«1 r ceive tickets,

and authority, to collect anu receive the tickets, notes, or cer etc

tificates so issued, and to demand the money from the travellers, t

for not producing and showing the same, as the turnpike men

are authorised by this acto Collect, demand, and receive, and

to be liable and subject to the same penalties for anything

done contrary to this at, as the turnpike men are subject and

liable to.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every post Where postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as aforesaid, not masters, etc residing within five miles of the head office for stamps, nor of the bills within the bills of mortality, shall, at the times and at the of mortality, places to be mentioned at the foot of the first licence granted to etc. are to at

him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, and after Pa

wards at the foot of every receipt which shall be given by the counts?" collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the said duties, attend and there deliver in and pass his account, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them as aforesaid, to the cojle&or so appointed to collect the same: provided that no such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the payment of the said duties, or other cause whatsoever, touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live in a market town, out of the said town; or if )ievshe, or they live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town nearest to his, her, or their habitation.

P 4. XLI Provided

?i6

Th s aft not to extend to horses used in hackney coaches, etc.

AH horses hired by the mile, or stage, to be deemed hired to travel poll.

On the death of any licensed postmaster, etc. his executors, etc. shall not be liable to any penalty for letting horses to hire, provided they tajke out a licence within 30 days after his death.

After Aug. i, 2785, every postmaster, etc. on delivering his accounts, shall make oath tq the truth thereof.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. gu [1785.

XLI. Provided alfq, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con ftryed to extend, to any horses used in hackney, coache^, ljcen fed pursuant to several acts of parliament made for that puq?o(p, where the horses drawing such hackne)'.coaches, shall he employed to go no greater distance than ten niles from the cities of London or Westminster^ and the suburbs thereof.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that every house, hired by the mile or stage, shall be deemed to be. hired to travel post, within the true intent and meaning of this act, although the person or persons hiring the same do not go, or travel several stages upon a post road, or change horses; and although at the stage or place, at or to which such horses (half be hired, there shall not be any post house; and although there, shall not be any post settled or established on the road, of any, part thereof, upon which such horses shall be hired tp.gq; anything herein before contained, or any law or, usage, to tfip contrary notwithst.aoding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any postmaster. or other person, licensed to let horses in manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for his or her executors, administrators, or other persons fueeqeding to such inn, house, or other place, to let horses to^ire in manner aforesaid, until such time as such person shall procure such licence and give such security as herein before directed, without hying liable to the penalty herein before inflicted upon thy persons, letting horses to hire vyitfiout being licensed in that behalf, provided that such licence be taken out within thirty days after the death of Such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person j ancf such person or persons shall be subject to the same rules, regulation^, and charges, and liable to account, and to the payment of the same rates apd duties imposed, as such postmaster, innkeeper; pr other person, was subject and liable to account for.

XLIV And) for the more effectually taking an account of the several duties irr.posed by this act, and preventing frauds therein, be it enacted, That, from and after the fid first day of August, open. thousand seven hundred and; eighty-five, every pqftmaster, innr keeper, pr.other person, so licensed to let horses as aforesaid, shall at the respective times of delivering the ir. accounts to the corn missioner, or other person appointed by them tq receive the same, at the head office, or to the collector or collectors authorised by the said of to receive the same, and the money due. thereqn, make oath, or, being one of the people called ^ualers % make ap'd subscribe.a i'olemn affirmation, before such commissir pners, or other person appointed as aforesaid, or collector or cplleftors, who are hereby respectively authorised and itnpqw. ered to administer fuyh oath and affirmation to the truth of the accounts then delivered, in thy form following:

I A.B. do swear, (or affirmas the case may. require), That the several weekly accounts, now by me delivered, of the duties arising.

upon

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 217

upon borfesy which lhave let for the purpose of travelling pofiy or ctherwifef from the day of to the

day of as far as the same have been entered and kept by

they are fairy just y and true accounts; and that I have charged therein the duty for the true number of milesy received for the use of his Majesty, from the travellers who have hired horses. from me; and that I have infer ted therein an account of all the day ticketsy notes, and certificates issued by me and as far as such accounts have been entered and kept by any other person or persons, 1 verily believe the same to be true.

So help me GOD

Arjd; if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, staking the Penalty on said oath or affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit postmasters, wilful perjury, and be thereof cppvided, he, (lie, or they shall, etq. swearing for such offence, be subject and liable to such pains and penal e ties as by any law now ip being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, shall refuse to take the oath or affirmation above required, the collector or collectors of the said duty may refuse to receive the money due on such accounts; and such postmaster, innkeeper, or other per or refuting to son, shall be liable to the penalty of twenty pounds, in the same take the oath manner as if they, had not delivered in their accounts, and paid the money dup thereon, for each and every such account so refused to be attested or affirmed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thenopedbn said first day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty (hah let out five, if any person who shall keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise marine, chaise, diligence, or other carri pt coach, age with four wheels, or any calash, chaise, chair, or other C without a carriage with two wheels, by what name soever the same now licence, is or hereafter shall be called pr known, to be employed as publick stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places within the kingdom of Great Britain shall let out, thp same for such purpose, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the said of fqt managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly authorised by them, he, she, or they shall forfeit, for every on penalty of time such coach, diligence., or other carriage shall be soused, each

the sum of ten pounds, to he recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after commission the paftipg of tips act, aqy.two or more of his majesty's comr ers of stamp liiilfioners, appointed for managing the duties arising by stamps fu^licences on vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly autho to all persons rifed by them, shall grant.licences, under their hands and seals, who shall ap to any person or persons who shall apply for the same to let, ply for th^n* put for hire any such. coach, diligence, or other carriage, directed to be licensed by virtue of this act, for the space of one

year,

fe 1.8

Licence to be renewed ten days previous to the expiration, etc.

Only one diligence, etc. to be kept by virtue of one licence.

All licensed persons to pay one penny for eery mile their diligence, C Stall travel;

and shall declare, when they receive their licence, to and from What places it is intended to be used, and how often.

All diligences, etc. going to or from London or west jninster, shall

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [<7s5.

year, to commence from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of August, to commence from the day of the date of such licences; which said licence shall be renewed at least ten days previous to the expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if the person or persons so licensed shall continue to let out for hire such coach, diligence, or other carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, he, she, or they shall, in the same manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licence, and so yearly and every year as long as he, she, or they shall continue to let out such coach, diligence, or other carriage, for the purpose aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons so licensed to let out coaches, diligences, or other carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, shall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one coach, diligence, or other carriage, for the purposes aforesaid'

And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons so licensed to use any coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, to be employed as public stage coaches as aforesaid, shall yield and pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of one penny for every mile every such <toach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, shall be soused to travel as aforesaid.

XLIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every person or persons so licensed to use such coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriages, to be employed as public stage coaches as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving such licence, declare from what place and to what place such coach or coaches, or other carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, is intended to be used, distinguishing the distance or number of miles between the two extreme towns, or other places, such coach or coaches, or other carriages, is or are intended to go, and the number of journeys each such coach or coaches, diligences, or other carriage or carriages, is or are intended to be used, either in the day or in the week, as the case may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such licence; and all and every person or persons, so licensed for such purpose as aforesaid, shall give security, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of twenty pounds, or in treble the sum to which the duty for the journeys inserted in such licences for one month would amount unto, in the option of the said of, ith a condition for the faithful accounting for and paying Ch sums as may be due for the journeys expressed in such licences.

L And be it further enacted, That all coaches, diligences, or other carriages, directed to be licensed by virtue of this a, that shall go from London or Westminster to any place in th country; or that shall come from the country to any place in

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 219

London or Westminster* shall be licensed at the head office by be licensedat the of, or some person authorised by them. stamp "

'Jnd, in regard it may be difficult to ascertain the number of ce times such licensed coaches, diligences, or other carriages, making Short Jlages* may go in a day it is hereby provided and enacted.

That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or the Discretionary major part of them, or such officers as they shall appoint in that powers veiled behalf, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to make in comroilli such allowances as shall appear to be just, to any person or per ddicencet fons licensed to ule any coach, diligence, or other carriage, as etc making*aforesaid, upon oath made by the owner of such coach, dili Short stages gence, or other carriage as aforesaid, before the said commissionear London, oners, or the major part of them, or such officers so to be appointed, as to the number of journeys actually made in a day by such coach, diligence, or other carriage, where the same shall differ from the number expressed in such licences; which oath the said of, or the collectors authorised by them to receive the said duty, are hereby empowered to administer, and to examine into all the circumstances relative to the number of journeys so made by such coach, diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, anything herein contained to the contrary ncfcwithstanding; and the said of, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered to make such regulations, with respect to such coaches, diligences, and other carriages, where such allowances are applied for, as they shall from time to time find necessary, as well for the effectual securing the duties on such coaches, diligences, or other carriages, as doing justice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person The name of or persons, so licensed to use every such coach, diligence, or owner of other carriage, as aforesaid, shall mark or paint, or cause to be ^ce^etc to marked or painted, on the outside pannel of each door thereof, be^inted on before he, she, or they shall use the same for the purpose afore the outside of said, his, her, or their christian and surname, together with each door, the name of the place from whence they set out, and to which they are going, in large and legible characters, in letters of a colour distinct from the colour of the carriage, each letter at least one inch in length, under the penalty of ten pounds; and Where and every proprietor of any such coach, diligence, or other car when the riage, licensed to go from London to any other place, or from f^mdiligent any other place to London, shall, on the first Monday in every ce) etc.shall imonth, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in be paid, the afternoon, unless the same be an holiday, and then on the next day, not being an holiday, clear the said duties charged and become due by virtue of this act, by paying the same to the receiver-general of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for cohering the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the head office; and if such proprietor or proprietors shall be licensed from any town in the country to any other town than 'London then such proprietors shall clear the said duties, by i paying

Licensed pro prietor of any diligence, etc. to give feveh days notice before he discontinue the same.

Postmasters, etc. to be allowed 3 d. in the pound out of the moneys to be accounted for and paid by them.

Penalty off forging any ticket, or uttering the Time.

Application of penalties, if sued for within six months.

Pecuniary penalties amounting to 50l. where to be sued for.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.. 11785

paying the same to the person duly authorised, commission under the hands and seals of three of his many's commission< r ers of the lamp duties, to receive the same, under the penalty of five pounds

LIII. Provided always, That every such licensedvproprietor or proprietors of any coach, diligence, or other carriage, as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinuq the use of the same, shall give notice in writing, seven days at the least before he,(he, or they shall lay down or discontinue the same, and shall have such notice endorsed upon the back of such; his, her, or their licence or licences, or upon the bond so to be, giyen as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on payment of all. arrears, shall be no longer charged or chargeable for the same.

LIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the receiver-general at the head office, and the said other, collectors duly appointed tq receive the duties hereby impeded,: shall make an allowance to the several postmasters, innkeepers, and, other persons, licensed by virtue of this act to let horses to hire, by the miles, stage, or day, for all moneys by them paid on account of the duties by this act imposed on horses so hired as. aforesaid; and they shall be entitled respectively to deduct, for their own use, at and after the rate of threepence in the pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, or other collector, according to the directions herein before contained.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any ticket, nqte, or certificate by this act authorised or directed to be used, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter or publifti as true, any falsej forged, or counterfeited ticket, note, or certificate, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said. duties; every person or persons so offending, and being thereof; lawfully convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein is directed and declared.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if a prosecution, or salt shall be commenced for the same within the space of six calendar months from the time of any such penalty being incurred,) in manner following; one moiety thereof to his ma?. jesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all such pecuniary penalties which shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds or more, dial 1 be sued for in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for. offences committed in England and Wales or Ber wick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Geor<3 ri Ilf. C 5 r. 221

of justicrary, or court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of derbt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than imparlance,

shall be allowed.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That All penalties stich division or distribution of the penalties as aforesaid, lb all be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting or suing months, to for the same within the time herein before For that purpose LI belong to hi mited; and that, in default of such prosecution or suit within Majesty. the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable by information, at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, or the lord advocate of Scotland $ any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it Any justice

shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace, re may deter / j j a f / mine ny

dding near the place where the offence shall be committed, to offence against

hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects this act, if the

the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not amounting to fifty penalty be left

pounds, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and than

required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made

in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses

on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fac1;

and, upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary

confession of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witness

or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty

or forfeiture, according as in and by this a & is directed, and to

award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof,

in case they hall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to

the party the overplus (if any;,) and where the goods of such

offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to

commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space

of six months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner

paid and satisfied; if any person or persons shall find him Person ag

self or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such juf grieved may

ftice, then he, she, or they shall and may (upon giving security quarter frifi

to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, toge ont

there with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement

shall be affirmed,) appeal to the justices of the peace at the

next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place,

'who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses

upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in

case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay

costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet;

Provided always, That if the next general quarter sessions of

the

' s

Penalty on witnesses who shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, etc.

Summonses of the proprietors of diligences, etc. left with the bookkeeper, etc. shall be deemed good service.

Form of conviction.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1785.

the peace shall fall within six days after such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the person so convicted, if he shall think fit, giving such security as aforesaid, to appeal to the next subsequent quarter sessions.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as are herein before directed as to other penalties.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all summonses, issued by any justice of the peace, in pursuance of this act, against: the owners or proprietors of any coaches, diligences, or other carriages required to be licensed by this act, that shall be left at the inn or other place where the diligence, coach, or other carriage, shall put up, with the bookkeeper or other person who shall keep the books for taking places in such coaches, diligences, or other carriages, shall be deemed good service on the owners or proprietors of such coaches, diligences, or other carriages, although such owners or proprietors shall not have a residence or habitation in such inn or place.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That a conviction in the form, and to the effect following, (mutatis mutandis,) as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the case, or the fasts or evidence in any particular manner; that is to say:

BE it remembered. That on the day of in the

year of our Lord at in the county of

A.B. came before me C D. one of his majesty's ju(lues of the peace for the said county residing near the place where the offence was committed and informed me, that E. F. of on the day of noiu laji pajl, at in the said county, did [here

set forth the fast for which the information is laid; J whereupon the said. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at in

the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the faii information, declared he vjas not guilty of the said offence, [or, as the case may happen to be,] did not appear before me pursuant to the said summons, [or, did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge,] but the same being fully proved upon the oath of G H. a credible witness, [or, as the case may happen to be,] acknowledged and voluntarily confesstd the same to be true; and it

manifefly

22j

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51.

tnanifejily appearing to me that he the said. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information, I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge, that he the said. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful money

of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to le distributed as the law dir efts, according to the form of thejlatute in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be law justice may fill to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to miti mitigate the gate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasona Penalties. ble costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over; and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this at, or any other a of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties Receiver ge herein before granted shall be paid from time to time into the neral of hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties ft amp duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a^Wanted separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and bythissaa: pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and ac into the counting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the Auditor to said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, keepafeparaie in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and account duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be en thereot* tered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever.

LXV. And whereas, by an act made in the ?iineieenth year of his Reciting ap present Majesty's reign, certain duties were granted on licences to be plication of taken out by persons letting horses to hire for travelling post, and the*certain duties payable on such horses let to hire, and upon certain car former acts. riages therein mentioned; which duties, with sundry other duties granted in the same session of parliament, were made a fund for payment of the several annuities granted by an act of the same session of parliament; and which said duties were, by an act of the twentieth year of his said Majesty, repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof, and made applicable to the same uses and purposes as the duties so repealed; and by one other act, of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, certain additional duties ivere granted on Jlage coaches, and other carriages, and were, together with other duties, made a fund for payment of annuities granted by an act of the same fejf on of parliament; be it therefore enacted, That, Application from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun of the duties dred and eighty-five, the yearly sum of eighty-four thousand f^8na^t y < pounds

Part of an al of9 Ann repealed.

Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of this act, may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. fc. 51. [1785.

pounds be reserved and set apart, and applied quarterly, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of such ihbmes as shall from tithe to time arise, as Well by the duties granted by this aif, as of the arrears of the several duties hereby repealed, and shall be applied towards paying the annuities granted by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign; and that the yearly sum of forty thousand pounds be also reserved and let apart, and applied quarterly, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of j such moneys as shall from time to time arise there, as well by the said duties granted by this act, as of the arrears of the several duties hereby repealed, and shall be applied towards paying the annuities granted by the said act of the twenty-third year of his present majesty's feign; and that out of the moneys which shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, of the duties hereby repealed, and but of the duties granted by this act, a proportional part of the two sums of eighty-four thousand pounds, and forty thousand pounds, shall, from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be set apart and applied towards payment of the annuities granted by the said several aits of the nineteenth and twenty-third years of his present majesty's reign; and the residue of the produce of the said rates and duties shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an ait of this present session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting annuities to satisfycertain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and drdnahee debentures'.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for establishing a general post office for all her Majestfs dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majestfs occassions, as restrains any persons, other than the poltmatter general for the tithe being, and the respective deputies and fub*stitutes of such postmaster general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furnishing horses or furniture for riding post within this kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall be pdffed for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52.

CAP. LII.

An act sir better examining and auditing the public accounts of this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present method of accounting for the receipt sy

iffiues, and expenditures of the public moneys before the auditors of the impressed, is become insufficient to answer the good purposes intended thereby; for remedy whereof it is important that a more effectual method shall be provided in future for examining the public accounts of the kingdom, and for preventing, so far as possible, all delays, frauds, and abuses, in delivering in and pajfng the same: and whereas it is expedient, for the effecting thereof, that the right vested in the right honourable lord Sondes, and the right honourable John Stuart comtnonly called Lord Viscount Mountstuart, now iw Cardiff, which they derive from the patents granted to them respectively, as auditors of the impreji, Should cease and determine, on due compensation being made to them for their interest in the same; and that all fees, gratuities, and perquisites, in the office of the auditors of the impreji, Should be forthwith abolished; and that every officer and clerk in the said office or department Should be paid by the;

public a certain fixed annual salary, in lieu oj all such fees, gratuities, and perquisites: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From July from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun the pa dred and eighty-five, the patents granted by his late and pve to^he^udu sent Majesty, under the great seal of Great Britain, to the said tors of the" lord Sondes, and the said lord Mountstuart, as auditors of the impressed va impressed, shall be vacated; and that all the powers, authorities, cated. rights, privileges, and advantages, thereby granted and given, shall cease and determine from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; from and after which time, no fee, gratuity, perquisite, or emolument, shall be received or taken by any person or persons whomsoever, employed in the making up, passing, or auditing any public accounts under the authority of this a.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing here Not to affect in contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect ijthej: officer the rights of any officer or minister of the exchequer, other °fthe exche than the auditors of the impressed, or any person or persons under der them.

III. And whereas it is just and proper that the said lord Sondes, and lord Mountstuart, Should have a reasonable and equitable provision during their lives, in lieu of the profits and emoluments of the said offices of auditors of the imprests, of vmch they are divefied under compenfa this act 1 be it enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day auditors in of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall iieu of the be paid, out of the aggregate fund, to the said lord Sondes, tha* emolument annual sum of seven thousand pounds clear of all deductions, of their offi*vql. XXXV Q. andces*

ili'

His Majesty may appoint five commissioners for auditing the public accounts.

of to be sworn.

Their oath.

Treasury to appoint officers for preparing publick accounts

and to allow them Salaries, etc.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. [1785.

and to the said lord Mountjluart the like annual sum of seven thousand pounds clear of all deductions, during their lives respectively, by equal quarterly payments; the first payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth day of October following.

IV. Andy in order effectually to provide such examination of: all public accounts in future as may be necessary for the security of the public interest be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to nominate and appoint five of, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, two of whom shall be the comptrollers of the army accounts, now and hereafter for the time being; and to grant fixed salaries to each of the said of, to be paid out of the aggregate fund, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four thousand pounds clear.of all deductions annually, who shall be (tiled, The of for auditing the public accounts, and shall hold their offices quam diu fe bene gefferint, (except the said comptrollers of the army accounts, who shall continue to be of^for auditing the public accounts so long only as they shall be comptrollers of army accounts;,) and shall, before they shall enter upon the execution of the powers vested in them by this act, take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, which he is hereby authorised and required to administer, the tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say: )

I Am B. do swear, That, according to the best of my skill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trusts vejled in me by an act for better examining and auditing the public accounts of this kingdom.

So help me GOD.

V. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, or any three of them, shall be, and he or they are hereby authorised to appoint such. and clerks, and other persons, as shall appear to them*to be necessary, from time to time, for making up and preparing for dclaration the several public accounts of the kingdom, with such fixed salaries to each as they shall judge proper; and to allow such reasonable sums, as to them shall seem fit, from > time to time, for stationary, coals, candles, and other incidental charges to be incurred in the office for auditing the public accounts, to be paid out of the aggregate fund, net exceeding in the whole the annual sum of six thousand pounds clear of all deductions, which shall be to the several officers, clerks, and other persons, in lieu of all fees, gratuities, and perquisites whatsoever.

VI. And whereas it is jujl and reasonable that some provision ffould be made for certain persons during their lives, who now hold employments under the before mentioned auditors of the imprejt, and

i for

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52.' 227

for others who have retired therefrom upon annual allowances paid to them by the said auditors; be it enacted, That, from and after Annuities to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty be allowed to five, there shall be paid put of the aggregate fund to Philip Dear esquire, deputy to the lord viscount Mountjluart, and to^auditors; John Wigglesworth esquire, deputy to the lord Sondes, the annual sum of three hundred pounds each 5 to John Lloyd, formerly deputy to the lord Sondes, the annual sum of three hundred pounds; and to Charles Harris, formerly one of the clerks in the office of the lord viscount Mountjluart, the annual sum of two hundred pounds; the said several sums to be clear of all dedunions, by equal quarterly payments, the first payment to be made on or immediately after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the annuities and to be made payable by this act to the several persons herein before e" t

named, shall Ije issuing and payable out of, and charged and C

chargeable upd % the duties and revenues which compose the fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, and every or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same.) y

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the of to commission be appointed under the authority of this act shall be, and they ers to be are hereby invested with all the powers and authorities, and Jhe powers shall be subject to the performance of the same duties, and lia etc. of the*ble to the same control, which the auditors of the impressed are auditors; now by law, usage, or custom invested with, or are subject or liable to, except as the same are or shall be altered or affected by this act; 2nd the said of, or any three of them, and to admi shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to every of nifteronthstp the officers and clerks, who shall be appointed as before direct eir 0 cers* ed, an oath, for his true and faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of, Commission^ or their successors, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and ers may call required to call before them, by precepts under their hands, or ^11 persons1 the hands of any three or more of them, all such persons as who have re shall have received any sum or sums of money by way of im ceived money pressed, or in any other manner, for which they shall be account by of able, to attend upon them personally, from time to time, as impre etc' they shall be required, and to exhibit to them the said of, or any three or more of them, all such accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, or other papers whatsoever, in the possession of such persons, which shall appear to be necessary for the purposes of their examination; and it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised, when they shall see occasion, to cause search to be made, or extracts to be taken from the books, rolls, or records, in the custody or keeping of

Q any

Commissioners to examine accounts as soon as possible.

Directions relative to auditing accounts.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. [1785.

any officer or mirii'fter in the court or in the receipt of the exchequer, without paying any fee or reward for the same,

X. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any three or more of them, shall try and examine the several accounts and vouchers, which shall be transmitted to them from time to time, with as little delay as possible; and upon trial and examination thereof, shall make full, just, and perfect accounts, or declarations of accounts, containing briefly the sum and substance thereof in charge and discharge.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in auditing and examining all public accounts, the of shall allow such articles of discharge only, as the said accountants respectively shall have been duly authorised to incur, unless, upon a special. statement of the matter to the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, the said of shall be directed to make further or other allowances to the said accountants accordingly, by warrant under the hand of the aid, lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury; or any three of them.

commissioners may examine accountants on oath.

Penalty on persons giving false evidence before the of.

Commissioners to make up a state of accounts, and lay them before the treasury.

XII. And, for the rendering more effectual all such examinations as are intended to he had under this act, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the of, to be appointed by authority thereof, or any three of therir, and they are hereby authorised and required to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised tb administer), all accountants whom they shall find occasion to call before them, and all other persons whom the said of, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching the receipt and expenditure of the money forming the charge and discharge of each account respectively, and touching all other matters and things necessary for the due execution of the powers vested in the said of by this at.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons, in the course of their examination upon oath before the commissioners, to be appointed as before provided, or their successors, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the examinations of each account shall be completed by the said of, they, or any three of them, shall, and they are hereby required to make up a state thereof, and lay the same before the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, who, after due consideration of all particulars, shall grant their warrant to the said of to prepare the same for declaration, in the manner and form which has been accustomed.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared That all accounts

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. 229

counts of the expenditure of the public money, which have Accounts of heretofore been passed in the office of the auditors of the im expenditure pressed, shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand ney to be seven hundred and eighty-five, fie delivered to the commission delivered to ers to be appointed under the authority of this attogether the commis with the vouchers belonging thereto. sioners.

XVI. And whereas it is necessary that the of to be appointed

under the authority of this act Should have early information Auditor to respe fling the issues of money from the exchequer to psrfons on account, transmit to be it en'acted and declared, That the auditor of the exchequer the commis shall transmit to the said of a certificate of all moneys of mo

issued from the exchequer to persons by way of impressed, and niesiflued upon account, in like manner as he now doth to the auditors upon ac

of the impressed. count.

XVII. And whereas great Losses and inconveniences have arisen to the public by fub accountants not having been put in charge till a long time has elapsed after the moneys were issued to them, be' it enacted, That the paymaster general of his majesty's forces, the Paymaster of treasurer of the navy, the treasurer of the ordnance, and every the forces, other public officer who shall hereafter pay into the hands of the" any person or persons whomsoever, money for public services, commission by way of impressed, or on account, shall, within thirty days of ers an ac the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred count °? and eighty-five, and within thirty days of the thirty first day of themby December in every future year, transmit an account of all sums wayofim of money issued or paid by him or them to any person or per pressed, etc. ions, for the public service, within the preceding year, to the of to be appointed under the authority of this act;

who shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to transmit duplicates of the same ito his majesty's remembrancer in the court of exchequer, who shall immediately, cm receipt of such accounts, put the several sums so iflbed in charge against the parties, in like manner as is now praelifed with respect to persons who receive money by way of impressed, and on account, at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no ac accountants countant shall be allowed in his account any sum which he n<jt to be hall issue or pay over to any fub accountants, unless he shall fu^hey^ll have transmitted to the said of regular accounts negleift to thereof, in the manner and within the times abovementioned; transmit an unless proof shall be produced, to the satisfaction of the lord account of, high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, that any tfoned^ men failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful

neglect jostle person issuing or paying over the money as aforesaid -

And whereas it is highly important, towards effefling the purposes intended by this act^ that the of to be appointed

under the authority thereof Should be imp owered to compel accountants Commission to bring forward their accounts; be it enacted, That the said ers may com of shall, fa often as they shall think fit, call upon pelaccount such persons to whom sums of money have been or shall be so forward thefr

Q issued accounts.

c>30

sub accountants to deliver to the commissioners, vouchers for expenditure of moneys issued to them, within certain limited times.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. [1785.

issued and paid, to render an account of the same to them the said of, within a time to be by them limited; and on failure of the accounts being delivered accordingly, within the time so limited, the said of shall, and they are hereby required to include the names of all such defaulters in their certificates, transmitted to the office of his majesty's remembrancer, in order that the usual process may issue thereupon; and also, in case they shall see cause, they are hereby required to give notice thereof to his majesty's attorney general in England, his majesty's advocate in Scotland, or his majesty's attorney general in any of the colonies or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, as the case may require, in order that such motions may be made by the said officers to the court of exchequer, or other proper court, and such further or other process may be issued in order to his moving the court of exchequer n England or Scotland, or the proper court in the colonies or plantations, for special process to be issued against such defaulter or defaulters, as may be deemed necessary to compel him or them to deliver in his or their accounts as directed by the said of, unless, upon application of the parties, their agents or attorneys, to the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners for executing that office, on a special statement of circumstances to justify delay, the said lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, shall grant their warrant to stay the process for such reasonable time as they shall think fit.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That every fub accountant to whom money shall hereafter be issued for public services, incase the money so issued shall have been for services to be performed in Great Britain, shall deliver in to the office of the of to be appointed by virtue of this at, the vouchers for the expenditure thereof, together with an account current, within three months of the end of each year frofm the commencement of his account, unless it has been usual for such account to be made up to any fixed period in the year; in which case they shall be delivered within three months of the usual annual time of the determination of each account respectively; and in case such moneys shall have been issued for services to be performed in any part of Europe out of this kingdom, then the vouchers shall be delivered within four months of the expiration of each year's accounts; if in the West Indies, the continent of America, or in Africa within six months after the expiration of each year's accounts; and if in the East Indies, within twelve months after the expiration of each year's accounts; unless it shall in each and every case be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury, that the failure of transmitting the same, within the periods before mentioned, was unavoidable; in which cafetuch further delay may be granted, by warrant under the hands of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, as they shall judge reasonable; in such cases the vouchers shall be delivered at the expiration of the term of delay so granted, on pain, upon failure

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52." £31

in any of the abovementioned cases, of paying such fine to his Majesty as the court of exchequer, on application made to them, shall think fit to set and impose; which fine the said court is hereby authorised and empowered to set and impose accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That process shall in no Process not to case be issued from the court of exchequer, against any fub ac issue against countant, who is to account to the principal officers of the board g^oun's of ordnance, or the principal officers and of of his without di*navy, the commissioners for victualling his majesty's rections from navy, or the commissioners for Tick and hurt, respectively, for the treasury. sums which have been issued to such fub accountants by the treasurer of the ordnance, or the treasurer of the navy, without directions being previously given for that purpose by the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, after a reference of their cases to the of of the boards abovementioned respectively, and a report made thereupon. Provided always, That no process shall issue against any such fub accountant until twelve months shall have elapsed from the time, of the.making up the accounts of the said treasurer annually.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any When fub fub accountant or fub accountants shall transmit to the commis accountants sioners to be appointed under the authority of this act, a suffi ^scharge3 cient and satisfactory discharge from the principal officers of the from the ofk ordnance, the of of his majesty's navy, the com cersoford missioner for victualling his majesty's navy, or the commis nance, etc. sioners of sick and hurt, for any moneys he or they shall have ftnjck received in the said departments severally, the said commission out of the ers shall transmit a duplicate of the same to his majesty's re impressed roll, membrancer in the court of exchequer, who shall forthwith

strike out the name or names of such fub accountant or fub accountants from the impressed roll; and such fub accountant or fub accountants shall from thenceforth be discharged from any other or further account for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That, from No article to and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred be allowed in and eighty-five, no article shall be allowed in the account of expenditure any person intruded with the expenditure of the public mo f public ney, without a written voucher, or other evidence of the actual money, with payment of every sum so claimed to be allowed, notwithstand out a written ing any allegation of papers being lost or destroyed, except on vouc ere c' application to the court of exchequer, who shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on such application, to call before them, as well the said of, or some person on their behalf, as the party accounting, and shall cause notice thereof to be sent to his majesty's attorney general; and after hearing as well the evidence, which shall be brought on the part of the crown by the said attorney general, or the said commissioners, as that which shall be brought on the part of such accountant, the said court shall make such order as they shall

q^j. think

2: 32

Books, etc. II the auditors offices to be delivered to the commissionere.

of not to sit In the house of commons.

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53^ 54. [1785.

think fit; and the several officers and persons, whose duty it shall be to audit and make up the accounts, shall govern themselves accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all official books, papers, and accounts whatsoever, now remaining in either of the offices of the auditors of the impressed, or which have been usually, or ought to have been kept therein, shall be deemed to be public property, and shall be delivered over to the of to be appointed under the authority of this act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this afit, shall, during his continuance in such office, be capable of being elected, or of sitting as a member of the house of commons.

CAP. LIII.

An act for settling an annuity of nine thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like annuity payable out of the duties of four and one halfpet centum in Barbados and the Leeward Islands.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty has been pleased to communicate to your faithful commons, that your Majesty havings in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, settled an annuity of nine thousand pounds as a provision in part for the honourable support and maintenance of your Majesty's dearly beloved brother, the duke of Gloucester, payable out of the duties of four and one half per centum in Barbados and the Leeward Hands; and that your Majesty understanding the saidfund is not sufficient for the regularpay tnent of the said annuity, and of the other charges upon the same; and your Majesty having been pleased to recommend to the consideration of your faithful commons, to make such provision as may appear to be reasonable for substituting some other fundy out of which the said annuity may be paid in future: now, we, having taken into consideration your majesty's most gracious message, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, can

annuity of 9, 000l. per ann. to be paid to the duke of Gloucester, out of the aggregate fund, to commence April 5, 1785; andtoj>e paid quarterly. Commissioners of treasury to diredfc the auditor to make forth debentures accordingly. Warrant, when signed, to be valid in law. Commissioners of the treasury, etc. to do all things required by this act, without fee. The receipt of the duke of Gloucester, etc. to be a sufficient discharge.

CAP LIV

An act for better securing the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders.

From Aug. 1, 1785, collector, etc. not to clear coastwise, etc. any vessel laden with coals, culm, or cinders, until the matter shall deliver two proper certificates; one of which, after being signed, etc. shall be returned

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. 235

turned to the matter. Any fitter, etc making default in delivering certificates, to forfeit 50l. Coals cleared coastwise, and delivered beyond sea, before the duties on exportation be paid, and the owner, before he clears out again, to pay those duties before due, and also 33. per chaldron. Upon proof of the vessel being forced from the coast into foreign parts, by contrary winds, etc. a certificate thereof to be granted to the matter, that his coast bond may be discharged, etc. Entry and register of sitters certificate to be evidence. Penalty to be recovered by acdon or information; one moiety to the King, the other to the prosecutor.

Defendants may plead the general issue, and give the act in evidence, and recover treble costs.

CAP. LV.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by persons vending gloves or mittens; and also certain duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble., commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates xr

and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cfonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of Augufly one thou From Aug. r, sand seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied,785* f

collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, l°wing^duties unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, venders of the several rates and duties following; (that is to say), all per gloves: fons uttering or vending in Great Britain, any gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather, or any other material or materials, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner herein after prescribed:

For every licence granted to any person so uttering or vend For an annual ing such gloves or mittens, as aforesaid, there shall be charged licence, is.: a stamp duty of onedhilling:

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather. For every pair or any other material or materials, above the price or value of of gloves or fourpence, and not exceeding the price or value of ten pence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Bri 4^0 iod!^ tain there shall be charged a stamp duty of one penny: id!:

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather, From rod. to or any other material or materials, above the price or value of is. 4d, — 2 d.: ten pence, and not exceeding the price or value of one shilling and fourpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Britainthere shall be charged a lamp duty of twopence;

For

Above is. 4<1. — h

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of stamps.

Persons selling gloves or mittens without a licence, to forfeit aol.

Two of may grant licences.

Licences to be renewed annually.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1785.

For every pair of gloves or mittens, made of silk or leather, or any other material or materials, exceeding the price or value of one shilling and fourpence, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Britain there shall be charged a stamp duty of threepence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more ^ffedtual levying and collecting all the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby, required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereinbefore granted, in the like and in as full and ampje manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no person whatsoever, required by this act to be licensed, shall, unless he or she be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or sell, any gloves or mittens, made of silk, leather, or any other material or materials, in Great Britain, upon pain to forfeit, for every offence, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this al, any two or more of his majesty's of, appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall apply for the same, to sell gloves or mittens, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day, of the date of every such licence; and all and every person and persons, who shall take out such licence for selling gloves, or mittens, shall take out a fresh licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or (lie shall continue to sell gloves or mittens \ and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the (lamps on such licence, s long as he or she shall continue to sell gloves or mittens,

V Arjd

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. 235

And be it further enacted, That every person vending or All persons exposing to sale gloves or mittens by retail, shall cause the words, vending Dealer in Gloves, to be painted or written in large and legible loves to characters, either over the door, or in some visible place in the ^ords placed front of his or their house, (hop, or warehouse, at the respective on the front place at which he or they keep such gloves for sale, to denote or their (hops, that such person or persons is a dealer in gloves, and licensed etc for that purpose: and if any person shall presume to sell any gloves or mittens by retail, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending or exposing to sale any gloves or mittens shall, for every pair of gloves or mittens on penalty of so sold, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered 5a|/foidvei7 and distributed as herein after is directed. p 1 o.

VI. And be it further^nacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on shall cause the words, Dealer in Gloves, to be affixed or put on affixing such the front of his, her, or their house or (hop, or warehouse, without being licensed as aforesaid, he, (lie, or they so offending licensed, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of forty pounds.

VII. And whereas doubts may arise what person or persons may be considered as a retail dealer or dealers in gloves, within the co?iflrufiien

of this be it therefore enacted and declared, That all per Who shall be fons who shall sell any less quantity than twelve dozen pair of deemed regloves or mittens at one time, to any one person, shall be deem oves ed a retailer of gloves.

VIII. And, in order to secure the duty aforesaid, be it further enacted, That every person, uttering or vending by retail, or Retailers of exposing to sale, any gloves or mittens liable to the said duty slo^€s to hereby imposed, shall apply to the of of (lamps, or commission to the officers appointed by them, for paper tickets, stamped ers Of ftapip9 with the several and respective duties hereby imposed, to be for tickets to parted or affixed, by the person or persons so uttering or vend be affixed on ing by retail such gloves or mittens as aforesaid, to the inside of g*ove8#

the right hand glove or mitten, in such manner and form as the said of shall direct; and every pair of gloves or mittens, uttered, vended, or sold by any retail dealer, shall have affixed upon the inside of the right hand glove of each such pair,

such stamped ticket, mark, or device, in such manner and form, and in such part thereof, as the of of his majesty's stamp duties shall from time to time direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any retail dealer shall Penalty on vend, utter, fell, or expose to sale, or if any person or persons shall purchase, or receive in exchange for any other article, any Without a gloves or mittens, subject to the lamp duties hereby imposed, proper ttamp. unless the damp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed, and marked and stamped as by this act is directed, or that shall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or stamped with a (lamp or mark of less denomination or value than by this act is directed to be affixed; every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such pair of gloves or mittens so sold, uttered, or exposed to sale, or so bought or received in exchange, the sum of twenty pounds; to

2$6 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1785.

be recovered and applied as herein after is directed: and if the party so offending shall be a retail dealer, licen&d pursuant to this act, the said commissioners of stamps shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after conviction of the offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

Not to extend X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing t ne.llc^n[* in this act contained shall extend, or be donftrued to extend, to fngtojuio L any person licensed in pursuance of this act, who shall fell to there. any retailer of gloves or mittens also licensed, any gloves qr

mittens, although the stamp.ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall not be affixed, and marked and stamped as, by this act is directed.

XI And) to prevent the mark or stamps hereby dire Red to be used, which has been sold with or affixed to any pair of gloves or mittens, from being made use of again to affix to any other pair of gloves or

Penalty on mittens, be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall, with taking off any intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties hereby imposed, cut,

fixing the3 " tear or ta^e any mar or stamp respect whereof or by famejto any which any duties are hereby payable for any pair of gloves or other gloves, mittens, or shall, with the like intent, affix or paste on in any with a frau^glove or mitten, any ticket hereby directed to be stamped, the an entmtem. same laying been once made use of for the purpose aforesaid, and shall hereafter knowingly sell, utter, or expose to sale, any pair of gloves or mittens with such ticket so fraudulently cut from, taken off, or removed, then, so often and in every such case, all and every person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. And, to prevent any persons from selling or buying any ticket or tickets which have been before sold and made use of for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing such frauds,

Penalty on - be it enacted, That if any person shall, from and after the first

in aif °such'"^of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, fell used3tickets. or buy any in order to be again made use of, to be

sold with and affixed to any glove or mitten liable to the duty hereby imposed, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Buyer or fel

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either ler infonning buyer or seller of any such ticket, or of any pair of gloves or other shall be mittens not having the proper ticket affixed thereto as aforesaid, indemnified, shall inform against the other party concerned in buying or selling such ticket, or such glove or mitten not having the proper stamped ticket affixed thereto as aforesaid, the party so offending shall be admitted to give evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incurred.

Glovers, in

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any retail thake a*fe' to ^€a*er n gl<^v^s and mittens shall deliver in any bill or charge, rate charge or aay gl°ves or mittens subject to the duties hereby imposed, for the stamps.such person or persons shall make a distinct and separate charge

for

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55." 2: 37

for the stamp Or tamps which shall have been affixed to the gloves or mittens so charged in such bill.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty on fons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited counterfeiter forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be^amp used or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or referable the impression of the same, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeited; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat Powers and

ters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or fjrmer°stamp

acts of parliament relating to the lamp duties on vellum, parch actrextended

ment and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation to this act.

to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and

put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing

the said new. rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the

true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and

purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been

hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties

hereby imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided Pecuniary pe

and distributed (if sued for within the space of six calendar

rhonths from the time of any such penalty being incurred) in months) one

manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs moiety to his

and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of Majesty, and

suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the ?er to same r the informer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons Penalties for offences committed against this act, may be sued for and 7^? recovered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for of iu€ r fences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information; whefein no essoin, protediori*, privilege wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority

Any neighbouring justice may determine offences subjecting offenders to pecuniary penalties.

238 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1785.

No informer thority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the pe to have any nalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and restrict share of pe ecj to the profeciiting for the same within the time herein before fuedfor with fr at purpose limited; and that in default of such prosecution In six months, within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shalt and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witrieffes on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture so adjudged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: and if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall beawarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, witnesses who That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or appear witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the

peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the peace before whom the prosecution

shall

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Penalty on

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. 239

shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings; to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein before directed as to other penalties,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any of How justices fender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said con toproceed for viction to be made out in the manner and form following, or c°nvl&lonof in any other form of words to the same effedf, mutatis mutandis; 0 en ers* that is to say:

BE it remembered., Thai on the day of Form of con

in the year of our Lord in the county of viction.

A.B. ef was convicted before me

C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, reftding near the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the day of now last paji, did

[here (late the offence as the case may be], contrary to thejiatute in that case made and provided; and 1 do declare and adjudge that he the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs.

Given under my hand and fealy the day of

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be law Justice may full to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to miti mitigate pe gate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reason nal es, able cods and charges of the officers and informers, as well in

making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to Jess than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, anything contained in this actor any other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid. Duties to be from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the paid into the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and exchequer, paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges

of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office and entered of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a separate from book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said ali otlw8 several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account

Application

thereof.

Recital of 6 Geo. 3. c. 19.

The recited act extended to all foreign leather cut or prepared in' order to be made into gloves or mitts.

Defendants may plead the general issue,

and have treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1785.

count whatsoever 5 and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present feflkm of parliament, entitled, An act for, granting annuitus to satisfy certain navy, victualling) and transport bills and ordnance debentures.

XXV. And whereas by an amade in the flseth year of the reign of his present majesty, entitled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the trade and manufacture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom, several forfeitures and penalties were inflicted to prohibit and prevent the importation and sale of foreign manufactured leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom: and whereas the good purposes intended by the said act may be evaded by the importation of foreign leathery which is not completely made into gloves and mitts, but is cut into the form of gloves and mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, to the great detriment of many of his Majesty's subjects, who are employed in the manufacture of leather gloves and mitts: for remedy whereof, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Auguflj one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said recited adfc shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all foreign leather cut into the form of gloves or mitts, called Shapes or Tranks, or which shall be cut or prepared in any other manner or form, in order to be made into gloves or mitts, and are not proper or fit to be used for, and applied to any other purpose whatsoever; and the several penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the said recited act, and every clause and proviso therein contained, unless in any case where any alteration has been made by any subsequent act of parliament which is now in force, shall be applied, practised, and carried into execution, for the purpose by this act intended, as fully and effectually as if the said recited act, and every article, clause, and proviso thereby enacted, had been again repeated and inserted in this present act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, fer anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, of thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56. $41

CAP. LVI.

An act for more effectually preventing deceits and frauds in the manufacturing of cordage for shipping, and to prevent ihe illicit importation of foreign made cordage.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the thirty Preamble'year of the reign of hteen Elizabeth, (entitled, An euz. C. 4 act for the avoiding of deceit used in making and selling of twice laid cordage 5 and for the better preserving of the navy of this realm;,) which act hath been found insufficient for the purpofis thereby intended; and various other deceits and frauds are frequently practised in the manufacturing of cordage for hipping; whereas suck deceits and frauds might be prevented'for the future, if the did aft was repealed? and some further and other provisions and regulations given and made for that purpose: nr. ay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confeni of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Said act re from and after the twenty-fifth day of July, one thousand seven pealed, hundred and eighty five the abovementioned act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Froth Juhrif* twenty-fifth day of July no person or persons whosoever shall7&5» neper life or cause to be used in the manufacturing of cables, hawsers, or other ropes, for the use of shipping, or shall knowingly vend cordage for or sell any cables, hawsers, or other ropes, for the use of Jship shipping, in ping, in the manufacturing whereof there shall be used any which any. hemp, usually known or distinguished by the respective names Head Short pr descriptions of Short chueking, half clean, whale line, or Chuckiir* tltit other toppings, codilla, damaged hemp bought at public; or other Tales, or any hemp whatsoever, from which the staple part thereof shall have been taken away by the manufacturer 5 and if any person or persons shall, after the said twenty-fifth day of July, use or cause to be used, in the manufacturing of any cable, hawser, or other rope, for the use of shipping or shall knowingly vend or sell any cable, hawser, or other rope for the use of shipping, in the manufacturing whereof there shall be used any hemp, usually known or distinguished by the respective names or descriptions of Short chueking, half clean, whale line, or other toppings, codilla, damaged hemp bought at public or other sales, or any hemp whatsoever, from which the staple part thereof shall have been taken away by the manufacturer, every such person, being the manufacturer of such cable, hawser, or other rope, shall forfeit and lose every such onpenattvnf cable, hawser, or other rope, and also a sum of money equal to forfeiture, etc, treble the value thereof; and every person who shall knowingly vend or sell such cable, hawser, or rope as aforesaid, not being the manufacturer thereof, shall forfeit a sum of money equal to treble the value thereof.

Vol. XXXV R ISLAND'.

*42 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C.

[1785.

III for the letter disdinguishing the quality of cables, haw fers and other ropes, ir /fo #/£ of shipping, be it further enacted.

Cordage to That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, when ever an hawser or rope as aforesaid, shall be manufac

inferior.p*tured in the whole, or in part, of any hemp, the use whereof is not prohibited by this act, and the (taple and quality whereof shall be inferior to clean Pettrfburgh hemp, such cable, hawser, or rope as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be inferior cordage, and the manufacturer thereof shall distinguish such cable, hawser, or rope as aforesaid, by running into the same, from end to end of each cable, three tarred mark yarns, spun with turn contrary to that of rope yarn, and also one like tarred yarn in every other rope, for the use of shipping, and by marking or writing on the tally thereof the word Staple or Inferior, as the case shall be; and every manufacturer making default herein shall forfeit the sum of ten Shillings for every hundred weight of such cable, hawser, or rope.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July whenever any new cable, hawser, or other rope for the use of shipping, shall be vended or sold by the manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, there shall be affixed thereon a tally, containing his or their name or names, ligned by him or themselves, or his or their attorney or attorneys, together with the name of the place where the same shall have

on penalty of been manufactured; and if any such manufacturer or manu 10s. per hun fa<fturers^ or any other person or persons whosoever, flail vend or sell any such cable, hawser, or other rope, 'without having such tally thereon as aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every hundred weight thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any rope maker or

rope ma^ers Put' or or knowingly permit or suffer

cordage to Put ^ls or t^le^r name or names on the tally of any cable, hawser, or other rope for the use of shipping, not being his or their own proper manufacturing; or if the vender or proprietor of any such cable, hawser, or other rope as aforesaid, or any other person whosoever, flail wilfully and knowingly put or mark, upon the tally to be affixed thereon, the name or names of any person or persons, not being the manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, every person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

Penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons making cables flail make, or cause to be made, any cables of any old or worn of old (tuff, which shall contain above seven inches in compass, then

C every person so offending shall forfeit and lose four times the

value of every such cable so by him or her made, or caused to be made, as aforesaid.

Penalties and

VII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penalties forfeitures or forfeitures, by this abt imposed, which shall exceed the (urn ^ve pounc^s> anc may De recovered by action, bill, c°ve e plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record

Manufacturers to affix their names, C to new cordage, before sold,

cred weight.

Penalty on

covered and applied.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIIe. 56. s

at Westminster* wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and that all pecuniary, penalties or forfeitures; by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of five pounds; shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the county, city; or place, wherein such offender or offenders shall reside, which warrant every such justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the information or testimony of two or more credible witnesses upon oath; and the overplus (if any) of the money arising by such distress and sale, shall be rendered, upon demand, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reout the charges and expenses of such distress and sale; and in case sufficient goods and chattels of such offender or offenders cannot be found, and such penalty or forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, such justice thall, and is hereby authorised to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than feveti days, or until such penalty or forfeiture, and all costs and charges attending the same, be paid; and all such penalties and forfeitures, and also all cordage which shall be forfeited, in pursuance of this act, shall be paid and delivered to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same; and it shall be lawful for such person or persons to sell, or otherwise dispose of such cordage, (after being cut into lengths, not exceeding' twdve feet), to and for his or their own use and benefit, anything herein before contained to the contrary hereof not with handing.,

VIII. And whereas by virtue of the laws now in being, certain, duties are charged upon or payable for or in respect of foreign made cordage imported into this kingdom: and whereas the majiers of bri tith hips and vessels* navigated into this kingdom do frequently ujl and Import great quantities of cordage made and manufactured info -

parts without paying the said duties for or in respect thereof to the great prejudice of the manufacture of cordage for shipping within this kingdom and to the diminution of the public revenue: for preventing the like practice for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth From jujy day of July, whenever any Ship or vessel belonging to ny of vesels his majesty's subjects resident in Great Britain, or any of the British colonies, having on board any foreign made cordage, fe&s, having shall be navigated into any port within this kingdom, the matter on board so of such Ship or vessel shall, at the time of making his entry or reign made report of such Ship or vessel at the custorti house where the same shall be entered, also make an entry or report, upon oath, thereof on of all the foreign made cordage on board of such ship or vessel, entering inttf for or in respect of which the said duties shall not have been anybritifii before paid (Handing and running rigging in use excepted) j and polt# such matter shall, before such ship or vessel shall be cleared by

R % the

Penalty on default.

frot to extend to cordage brought from the East Indies, canno

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56. [1785.

the officers of the customs inwards, where any discharge shall be made of her'lacting, pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the like duties for or in respect of all such foreign made cordage as shall be specified or mentioned in the said entry of report, as by the laws now in being recharged upon or payable for or in respect of any foreign made cordage imported into this kingdom; and if the matter of any such ship or vessel shall make default herein, all such foreign made cordage as aforesaid as shall be on board such ship or vessel shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and such matter shall, for every such offence, also forfeit the sura of twenty Shillings for every hundred weight thereof.

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to charge or make liable any captain or matter of any ship or vessel coming from the East Indies, with any duty for or upon account of such ship or vessel having any foreign made cordage on board, such cordage having been, by such captain or matter, actually brought from the East Indies.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the materials at present ia*the use of any ships or vessels that were built abroad before the patting of this at, and are the property of the subjects of Great Britain.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any matter or thing to be

«uarurfefhe one n pur^uance this act, and for which no particular me 5ons.er C tliod f relief is herein before appointed, such person may, within four calendar months after such matter or thing shall; have been so done, appeal to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, to be held for the county, city, or place, wherein the cause of appeal shall have arisen, the appellant first giving, or Causing to be given, fourteen days notice at the lead in writing, of his or her intention to exhibit such appeal, and the matter thereof, to the person or persons appealed against, and, within four days after giving such notice, entering into a recognisance before some justice of the peace for such county, city, or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide by the order of, and pay such t costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such general or quarter sessions; and the said justices at such sessions, upon due proof of such notice being given, and of the entering into such recognisance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award duch costs to the party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and the determination of such justices shall fce binding, final, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no order, verdict, judgement, or other proceeding, made touching Of concerning any of the matters aforesaid, or touching the conviction

Persons aggrieved may

rffvoceedingfl otto be kuashed;

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56.

vision of any offender against this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removable, by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, any law or Statute to the contrary hereof in any wise not with (landing: and where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall afterwards be do no by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satis facion for the special damage in any action upon the case; provided that no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover, in any action, for such irregularity, if sufficient tender of amends hath been made to him, her, or them, by or on behalf of the defendant or defendants, before such action brought.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted a<ftions* against any person or persons, for any matter or thing to be done

in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall belaid and tried in the county, city, or place, where the same shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in General issue such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit shall be commenced, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other county or placethan as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs; costs, and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

nor distress deemed unlawful, for want of form

---

[Publick act.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

246 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 57, 58. [1785.

CAP. LVII.

An act to exempt carriages, carrying the mail, from paying tolls at any turnpike gate in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament, made for repairing particular roads in this kingdom, carriages, horses, and other cattle, employed in the conveyance of the mail or packet, are exempt from the payment of the tolls directed to be levied by such acts: and whereas, by several other acts of parliament, horses only that are employed in carrying the mail or packet are exempt from the payment of the said tolls: and whereas it may be of advantage to the publick that the mail, or packet, should be conveyed to different parts of the kingdom by carriages or publick diligences, which renders it expedient that all carriages, as well as horses and other cattle, conveying the mail or packet from one part of this kingdom to another, should be exempt from the payment of tolls at all and every turnpike, toll-gate, or bar, erected or set up by authority of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[From July 15, 1785, all carriages, or horses, carrying the mail, exempted from toll.]

That from and after the fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all carriages of what description soever, or horses, which shall be employed in conveying from one part of this kingdom to another the mail or packet, which shall be made up under the authority or direction of his Majesty's postmaster general, or his deputy or deputies, shall be, and the same are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged from the payment of any tolls whatsoever that shall or may be demanded for the passage of carriages or horses, through any turnpike, toll-gate, or bar, at which any toll is collected by any act or acts of parliament now in force; and all turnpike keepers or toll collectors are hereby directed and required to permit such carriages and horses to pass through all and every turnpike, toll gate, or bar, without demanding any toll or duty for so doing; any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George the First,

[5 Geo. 1. c.

intituledr, An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts; and better securing the duties upon salt, it is, among other things, enacted, That a certain bounty Should be paid Jor every cask or 'vessel of pilchards, exported from any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond the jeas, under the restrictions and regulations in the said act mentioned: and whereas by another act, made in the third pear the reign of the late King George the Second intituled, An act* ".* -

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58; 247

act for taking off certain duties on salt, and for making good 3 Geo. a. C any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity, payable to the east-india company on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lion executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mersey, in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four; further provifms are made for the continuance, and respeffing the payment of the before mentioned bounty: and whereas it has been sounds by experience, that the pilchard fishery hath of late years been decreasing, and great Losses have been sustained by the adventurers concerned in the fold fishery, insomuch that the number of such adventurers, and of the craft therein employed, is confderably diminished; and there is reason to apprehend, that the benefit arising from the said fishery to the trade and navigation of this kingdom may be wholly lost, unless a further bounty be allowed for a limited time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for every cask or vessel of pilchards, containing fifty gal The bounty Ions, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity thereof, of 73. on the which shall be exported from any port or place in Great Bri of puchards, tain into parts beyond the seas, between the twenty-fifth day of increased to June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the 9s for all to twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred andeigh be, exported ty six, upon which the person or persons exporting the same5^785, and, shall be entitled to the bounty of seven Shillings, by virtue of or june under the said two several acts herein before mentioned, an additional bounty of two Shillings shall be paid and payable to such person and persons, lo entitled to the said bounty of seven shillings, at such times, in such manner, by such person and persons, and out of such moneys as the said bounty of seven shillings is, by the said two several acts, or either of them, du reded to be paid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the same rules Regulation and regulations shall be in force with respect to the pilchards in the ad 6f exported within the time herein before mentioned, in order to 5 the prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, and the owners landing of thereof shall be funjed to the same penalties, in case of reland pilchards, to ing, or any other fraudulent proceedings, in order to obtain the be in force said bounties granted and payable by this act, as, by the said

act passed in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George the First, are prescribed and inflicted, with regard to fish cured in and exported from that part of Great Britain called'England.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clauserelative where any fish, entitled to the bounty granted by this act t fifo lo or upon exportation thereof, shall be loaden for exportation, spoiled

and duly entered and passed by the proper officer, and the said fish shall be lost or fpbiled before the ship's proceeding on her

148 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. [1785.

voyage, then the proper officer of the port or ports, where stich fiin so lost or spoiled was or shall be entered, shall, upon due proof thereof, made upon oath before any of the chief officers of such port (who are hereby impowered to adhiinifter the same), by the proprietor or proprietors of such fish, or his oi their agents, give & debenture for the bounty granted by this as if such fish had been actually exported to parts beyond the seas; provided that the said fish was sunk in the sea or port where the said ship was lost or destroyed, in the flight of the proper officer, where any of the said fish shall come ashore, and

that no use be made of the said fish by the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agents; and the said officer is hereby required to cause such fish to be burnt, or otherwise destroyed, anything in this or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

veffefs'Pereas many vessels or boats, the length of which is

employed ins &jsater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in the pilchard breadth, are commonly employed, and are necessary to be employed in fishery are the pilchard finery; which vessels or boats, together with all the subject to g00tfs ia$en 'thereon, and their tackle and furniture, are subjected to tortei ure y ff fry an act mayen tfrg tweniy fourth year of the reign of ° -his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual prevention

of fniuggling in this kingdom; unless the same are licensed as the said act dir efts: and whereas it is expedient that an easy method of obtaining such licences should be provided for the owners of such vessels or boats, adventurers in the said fishery, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the officer, appointed to cblledt the duties on salt in any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, and every such

icences to the officer is hereby directed and required, upon demand of the owner or owners of such vessel or boat, and security given as herein after mentioned, to grant to such owner or owners of such vessel or boat a licence, to be subscribed by such officer, specifying the tonnage of such vessel or boat, and describing the built thereof with respect to length and breadth, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof; which licence the said officer is hereby required duly to register, and no fee, gratuity, ipr reward, shall be demanded or received for the granting of such licence, nor for the registering of the same; and the owner and owners of such vessel or boat shall give sufficient security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in double the value of such vessel or boat, to be approved by, and to the fa fisfaduon of such officer, (which bond the said officer is hereby directed and required to provide, without demanding or receiving any fee or reward for the same, except the stamp duties pay ^h°°h'^dn8 a^e thereupon), with condition that such vessel or boat shall northeast boady not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign spirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, made the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or of any other act, or in the exportation of any goods which

ar

94 Geof 3.47-

Collectors of folt duties in any port, etc. Ito grant H

owners of such. vessels, on proper fe. purity being giypp.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 249

ate of ifiay Be prohibited to be exported from this kirigdbrrt, or in the relanding of any goods whatsoever, contrary to law, which are entered outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, dr which hre or may be prohibited to be used at worn iri Great Britain \ on failure whereof fdch licence shall be void and of no force or effect, and such yeiflel or boat shall be liable to seizure and prosecution, in the same manner as if no such licehce had been granted.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforfefald, That if ally Defendants

person or persons shall, at any time, be sued or prosecuted for issuec

anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance ofgeneia 1 u 3 this al, he or they shall or may plead the general issue, and

give this av5t and the special matters in evidence for his defence; and if upon trial a verdict pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuit, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting the said adtidris, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs to liitri dr them awarded against and recover such plaintiff or plaintiffs; for which cofis, he shall have the doubie like remedy as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants.

[Public act.]

VI. And be it further feriacted, That this act shall be ddfcmdd, taken*and allowed, in all courts of law, as a publicfc at;

and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LX.

An act for granting to His Majesty a certain him of money, to be faised by a lottery.

650, 000l. to be raised by £ lottery, which is 16 con fid of 50, 000 tickets, at 13l. each. Books have been opened at the bank for that purpose'

'the Whole 650, 0001. has Been subsefibed, and a deposit of if. 6s. made for each ticket. All persons who have made deposits, purfnaflt to the refoiution of the house of commons, are required to p^y the remainder of their subscriptions, viz. II 14s. for each ticket at the times specified, namely, il. 19s. on or before July 25,785; il. 6s. on or before the 16th of August following; il. 6s. on or before the afith of September following; il. ron or before the 17th of October following; il. 19s. on or before the a8th of November following 5 il. 6s. on Or before the 15th of December following; and the remaining sum of XL 19s. on or before January 9, 1786. Every contributor paying 13l. to have a lottery ticket, and a share upon each fortunate ticket, having paid his proportion of the said 650, 0001. Gaftiier to give fe'eiifitjv to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury iftipowered to apply the money, paid in by the cashier, to such services as Avail have beeb Voted by the commons in parliament. 500, 000l. the amount of the prizes to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books to be as usual. The ticket:

LOTTERY for 1785.

THE bearer of this ticket will, in pursuance of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefect majesty's reign, beintitied to such

beneficial

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. [1785.

beneficial chance as shall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and under the directions of the said act.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Calbiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of the moneys paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of fortunate tickets are, a of ao, ooool. each; 3 of ib, ooool. each; 5 of 5000l. each; 10 of a, ooool. each; 15 of i, ooool. each; 30of 500l. each 100 of 100l. each; 150 of 50l. each; 16, 275 of 20l. each: and also i, ooool. to the first drawn ticket of the first day; i, ooool. to ditto the 4th day; i, oooo1. to ditto the 7th day; i, ooool. to ditto the 10th day; i, ooool. to ditto the 13th day; X eoo1. to the first drawn ticket the 16th day; X ooool. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 6, 1786. Method to be observed in drawing, cas usual. To draw until the whole number of 16, 690 fortunate tickets, and one more for the last drawn, be completely drawn. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets, C felony without benefit of clergy: managers may apprehend and commit the offender, C Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Provided that no attainder for any such offence, to work corruption of blood, etc. Managers to be sworn. The oath:

AB. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-fifth year of his majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or iinifter practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

To be administered by two managers. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13l. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, etc. as they shall think fit. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 1, 1786, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed by the major part of the managers. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of aol. Persons sued in execution of this act, may plead the general iflsue, and yecover treble costs.

*7 % 1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. 251

CAP. LX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for providing a compensation to the clerks in the offices of the principal secretaries of state, for the advantages such clerks enjoyed before the commencement of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the post, between Great Britain and Ireland,

3, 197, 460]. 3s. jod. iq.l granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the sum of 1, 197, 4601. 3 s. 10 d. aq. gr any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of lpan, with orders for repayment of the money with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full costs. Undue preference in point of registry or payment, subject to an action of debt, or on the case, and to pay the value of the value of the debt, and full costs, and also to forfeit his office.

Auditor, etc. neglecting his duty, liable for damages, etc. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of assignment, and method of transferring of orders, by assignment endorsed and notified in the auditors office (without fee.) If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise by exchequer bills instead of loans the sum of 1, 197, 460l. 3s. lod. aq. and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the malt act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the said act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 297, 4601. 3s. iod.2q. notwithstanding an act ofjand6 Gul. & Maris. The sum of 7o*»539l* 16s. id. aq. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1785; 66, 1611. 3 s. 5d. sqv overplus of grants for 1^84; and 238, 928l. 16s. 3d. now remaining in the exchequer, shall be applied towards making good the supply.

33i1578l. 18 s. 2d. remaining in the hands of the paymaster general, shall be applied towards defraying extraordinary expenses of land forces, and other Cervices, from Dec. 25, 1783, to Dec. 24, 1784* The moneys arising by the malt aft, C 2. Land tax, C 4. Loans, (1, 500, 0001.) C 11. further loans, (i, oo©, ooool.) C 12. further bills, (i, oooo, ocol C 33. Lottery aft, 650, 0001. C 59. 702, 539b 16s. id. 2q. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1785; 6a, II 1. 3s. 5d. 2q. overplus of grants in 1784;

338, 9281. ids. 3d. remaining in the exchequer; and 2, 297, 4601. 3s. jod. 2q. by this act granted out of the surplusses of the sinking fund;

shall be applied (with the residue of the moneys arising from the sale of French prizes, etc.)to the ufesfollowing: 2, 551, 307b 17s. 2d. towards naval Cervices; 42, 035b 13 s. 8d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1784; 350, 820b is. 9d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1785; 2, 054, 684 b 10s. 10d. and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining the land forces, and other Cervices after meiuioned; of which, 655, 963 b 4s. 3d. for defraying the charge of 18, 053 effective men, including 2, 030 invalids, and a'so officers, agency, etc. 222, 021b 4s. 4, d. for forces in plantations, and at Gibraltar, etc. for 1785; 6, 355]. 15 s 8d. for defraying the difference between the British and Irish sftabliffixnent of six battalions of foot, etc. 6, 9681.98.9 d. advanced

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60. [i 785.

vanced to a regiment of light dragoons, etc, for 1785; 25, 7s4l. 8s. 9d. q. for supernumerary officers, etc. for 1785:; 6, 1361. 10s. 6d. for general staff officers, for 1785; 74, 211 L 14s. 3d. for allowance to the pay matter general of the land forces, to the secretary at war, to the commissary general of the mutter, to the judge advocate general to the comptroller of the accounts of the army, their deputies and clerks, including the contingent expenses of their respective offices, for exchequer fees, to be paid by the paymaster general, and on account for poundage to be returned to the infantry of the King's forces for the year 1785* 8, 904 b 66* 6d. for five battalions of Hanoverian infantry; 191, 2161. os. 6d. for Chelsea petitioners, 1785; 69, 2911.9s. 6d. for ftibfides to the Ikndgrave of Hesse Cassel, and to the reigning duke of Brunswick* for 1785; 56, 9891. is. 7d. to make good a dificiency to the landgrave of Hesse Cafiel* 13, 627b 7s. 6d. forpensionsto officers widows; 7, 737b 18s* id. q for Several battalions of foot for different periods in 1784; 197>7°3 b 7s. 10d. for reduced officers; 335b 15s. 4d. for officers and private gentlemen of horse guards reduced, etc. 57, 800 b is.nd. for commissionfed officers of British American forces; 736b 1 is. 6d. for Britiftt American Foroes, ih 1783; 4*3081. ns 3d. for ditto in 1784; 3*5351* os. 6d. for officers late in the service of the states general; 451, 537b 168. id. for extraordinaries, etc. from Dec. 15, 1783, to Dec. 25, 1784; 3, 500, 000 b for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of aft m 24 Geo. 3. c. 33. f, 000, 0001. for paying off bill made out by virtue f another act of the same year. 52. 7, 066b 18s. 3 d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the home of common; 25, 000b towards carrying on the buiidftigs at Sbttierfet House; 2, 950b for E aft Florida; 3, 976b 17 9, 6d. for Ifova Scotia, for 1785; 1, 900 b for the id and of St. John 1, 550b for Cape Breton; 2, 370b for the Bahama islands 1, 591b ts. lod. for the chief justice of Somers Mauds, etc. 6, 356b 17s* for New brunswick in America; 13, 000b for maintaining forts on the? coast of Africa; 9, 000b for the of of pubmck accounts; 3, 200b to make good the like sum paid to the secretaries of the said of, etc. 3, 600b for assisting the Levant Company; 800i for completing a road in North Britain, from Ballantrae m Ayrshire, td Stranraer in Galloway, for the year 17855 5, 489b 17s. for general Murray, late governor of Minorca; to reimburse him 5600b paid to James Sutherland, pursuant to a verdict in the court of exchequer, in 3783; 8, 395b as. 5d. issued to Thomas Cotton esquire, to discharge bills drawn on the treasury by John Parr esquire, the governor of Nova Scotia; 36, 819b 19s. issued for relief of American civil officers, etc >6, 11 31. 13s.6d. 3q. to make good a deficiency in the 4 i half percent, duties; 150, 000b upon account, to such persons who have prbved their Losses in America to the of appointed by 13 Geo. 3. c. 80; 3, 6ool. to be paid to Mr. Cunninghame for compiling an index to the journals of the house of commons, from 1547 to 1660; 13, 578b 14s. 4d. issued to Duncan Campbell for maintaining convicts, etc. on the river Thames; 11, 087b 7s. 8d. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1. c. 11; 159, 620b is pd. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an acbi8 Geo. C 22; 114, 730b 4s. 8d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3. c. 185 158, 551b 48. fid. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 20 Geo. 3. c. 16; 114, 214l. 4s. 3d. iq. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted by Un act II Geo. 3. c. 8; 617, 466b 10s. to make good the deficiency Of a fund for paying annuities granted'by an act 13 Geo. 3. 355 14, 044b to tnake good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by aa act 24 Geo. 3. c. 10. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Sec. 26. Rules to be observed in the application of the hair pay: none to receive half pay who was under sixteenl years of age when his regiment, etc. was reduced, nor except he did actual service rif he had any other place of profit, civil or military, under the King; nor any chaplain who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Trdand; nor any person who has refigtttd his commission, and had none

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6r. 25j

sincej nor to any person under a warrant, who would not otherwise he. intitted as reduced officers; nor to any officer'of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot disbanded, (except such as were lately taken off half pay in Great Britain, by an act 24 Geo. 3. c. 44. a sum not exceeding 75, 116l. 18s, 6d. and a sum not exceeding 130, 300], were appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying the said officers, to be disposed of to officers who were xnaimed, etc. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct. Recital of Geo. 3. c. 24. whereby the clerks in the secretary of states offices had the privilege of franking printed votes, etc. as before acquftomed, which act by s4geo.3. c. 8. was repealed, and the said privilege taken away, as a recompense for the loss, and a compensation for the advantages arising thereby. post office to pay joobl.per ann. to the secretaries of state, to be distributed by them amongst their clerks quarterly.

CAP. LXI.

An act to authorije the lord fieward of the household, the lord chant

the master of the horse, the master of the robes, and the lords of the treasury, respectively, to pay bounties granted by his Majesty to persons in low and indigent cirtumfiances.

WHEREAS several servant's of his late and present Majesty Preamble have been discharged from the employments they heldfever ally, in the departments of the lord fieward, lord chamberlain, mafier of the horse, and master of the robes, and the offices of other persons in 'the said departments have been suppreffied; to which fervents and other persons, who have been so discharged, or whose offices have been so suppressed, his Majesty was graciously pleased to command, that certain allowances Should be paid quarterly, under the name of a Bounty: and whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to odd to the lists of the persons abovementioned, in the respective departments aforesaid, sundry persons who have been officers or servants^ and have been disabled or superannuated in his service, and, in fom& cases, the widows or children of servants dying in his service: and whereas his Majesty has yearly, and every year, been graciously pleased to grant the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, to be distributed in small sums among such female objects in difirefs, as the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury Should, from time to time, dir eft: and whereas, by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for enabling 22. Geo. 3. C his Majesty to discharge the debt contracted upon his civil list 8a. see, 19*. revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil list; sundry offices have been suppreffied and abolished, but the holders or occupiers of many of the said offices have, under the authority of the said act, been allowed compensations, which, under the direction of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, have been paid quarterly by the proper officers appointed for that purpose, within the respective departments of the lord fieward of the household, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, and master of the robes: and whereas it is, among other things, by the said recited act enabled.

That no pension whatsoever, on the ciyjl efiabliflmmt, shall thereafter

be

All bounties already given byhis majesty, as before mentioned, or which shall hereafter be given, may continue to be paid by the lord steward, etc.

t

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6u [1785.

he paid but at the exchequer, and in the same manner as those penfrns which were then paid and entered at the exchequer under the heady title and description of Pensions; for the better prevention of all practises, by which such grants as of bounty might be made a colour under which pensions might be substantially. granted contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, it was provided. That any sum or sums of money, so given as of royal bounty to any person more than once in three years, Should be reputed a pension: and where doubts have arisen whether, according to the Jlrift letter of the said recited act, the several bounties and compensations aforesaid may not be considered as pensions which ought to be payable at the exchequer only, and whether the several officers who have hitherto paid the same are legally jufiified in the payment thereof; but as all such bounties, are of small annual amount, and payable to persons in low and indigent circumstances, who are not within the meaning of the said recited act; and as all such compensations were so calculated, as that the parties Should receive the whole thereof, clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, the transfer of such bounties and compensations for payment at the exchequer would be attended with muck inconvenience and considerable expense; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all bounties of the description aforesaid, already given or granted, or which may hereafter be given or granted, and all compensations given and granted to persons who heretofore held offices which have been suppressed' or abolished, for and in respect of their respective offices so suppressed or abolished, shall not be transferred for payment at the exchequer but be paid and continue to be paid within the several departments of the lord steward of the household, lord chamberlain, master of the horse, master of the robes, and treasury respectively, by the proper officer in each of the said departments appointed for that purpose, as they heretofore lately have been; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of his majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, from time to time to issue such sum and sums of money as shall be necessary for the payment of such bounties and compensations, within the respective departments aforesaid; that all and every sum and sums of money already paid, or hereafter to be paid, by the respective officers in the several departments aforesaid for or on account of such bounties and compensations, shall be allowed to them respectively, in their several accounts, by the auditors and all other persons having the auditing and passing thereof; anything in the said recited act, or any other act, to the contrary thereof ir any wise notwithstanding.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62i 255

CAP. LXII.

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

WHEREAS the exportation of hay may, at this time, ^Preamble.

greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's subjects, be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing From the pass of this at, no person or persons whatsoever shall, directly or of this indire<$uy, export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or pro be^exporrea10 cure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of for a limited or from the kingdom of Great Britain, or load, ship, or lay on time, board, or cause or procure to be laden, shipped, or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of Great Britain, any hay of any kind or quality whatsoever, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) That on forfeiture all such hay so exported, or laden, shipped, cr laid on board, thereof, and in order to be exported or carried out of Great Britain, contrary*Perton$ to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall severally forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every tonne of such hay, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity which shall be" so exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of Great Britain, or laden,

shipped, or laid on board as aforesaid, in order to be so exported

or carried out of Great Britain; and also the ship or other" and the vefifeu

vessel or boat in or upon which any such commodity shall be so etc. on board

exported, shipped, or laden, in order to be so exported, and which it shall

all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited exporte

and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be

to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other

moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same; and for

offences which shall be committed in England, Wales, or the

town of Berwick upon Tweed, such penalty or forfeiture shall be

sued for, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, courts of the

counties palatine, or great sessions in Wales; in which suit, no

essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more tharc

one imparlance, shall be allowed; and for offences committed

in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action or summary

bill or information in the court of session or exchequer in

Scotland.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That officers of it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, custom, etc. being an officer or officers of the customs or excise, or being lawfully authorised in that behalf by the lord high treasurer, or be exportedf the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such hay, not allowed

'Not to extend to hay necessary for cattle on board any ship, etc.

Hay may be exported to Ireland in certain cases;

the exporter giving feeu rity for the due landing thereof.

Hay may be carried coastwise.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C 5?.

[1785.

lowed to be exported by this act or by his majesty5s royal proclamation, or order in council, in purfuarice of this act, as he or they shall happen to find; know, or discover to be laid on board any ship, or other vessel or boat, at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed out of this kingdom contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, notactually laden on board any ship, or other vessel or boat, and entered for exportation, on the twenty-third day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be found; and to bring the same to the king's vyarehpufe qr warehouses belonging to the customhouse next to the pjao.e where such seizure shall be made, or to some other fgfe place, as near thereto as can conveniently be done, in order to be proceeded against according to law.

III. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of such or so much of the said commodity as shall be necessary to be carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in tl*eir respective voyages, for the sustenance and support of any horses, cattle, or sheep, in the same ships or vessels.

IV. Provided also, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con ft rued to extend, to prohibit the exporting or carrying such commodity from Great Britain into the kingdom of Ireland, at any time when the exportation of hay of every kind or quajity, from the kingdom of Ireland, is or shall be prohibited by law; so as the exporter or exporters thereof do, before shipping or laying the same on board, in order to be so exported or carried from Great Britain into the kingdom of Ireland, with one or more person or persons, give sufficient security, by bond, in treble the Value of such hay to the customer, collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the port or place where such commodity shall be shipped or laden, (which security the said customer, collector, or other chief officer, is hereby empowered to take in the name, and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors)) the same hay, and every part thereof, shall be landed and delivered in the kingdom of Ireland, and in no other part or parts beyond the seas, and (the dangers and accidents of the seas excepted,) to return to the officer of the customs, to whom such bond shall be given, a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of such bond, signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs, at the port or place in the kingdom of Ireland where the said commodity shall be landed or delivered, importing that the same was there landed, and testifying the landing thereof, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of the said bond.

V Provided also, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship or put on board any such hay to be carried coastwise that

1785.5 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 257

is to say, from any port, member, or creek of Great Britaini xo any other port, member, or creek, of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocquet or sufferance for that purpose, such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging the same in some other port, member, or creek of Great Britain, and returning a certificate in fix: months, as is required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority His Majesty aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at any time or times dur may permit ing the continuance of this act, shall (in his royal discretion) p^ed^ cx* judge it to be most for the benefit and advantage of this king proclamation, dom, to permit the exportation of any such hay, that then it etc.

shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, (but not any particular person or persons) at any time or times to export or carry out of the kingdom of Great Britain, any such hay to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving security for the landing thereof in such place or places, and returning certificates of such landing, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and in such proclamation or proclamations, or such order in council, to be published in the London Gazette shall be expressed and declared 5 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all persons who have clauserela purchased hay for the purpose of exporting the same (provided tivetohay; the quantity shall amount to one hundred tonnes or upwards) purchased for shall be at liberty to' declare the bargain void, upon giving no e*portation* tice of such his, her, or their intention to the seller or sellers

of such hay, on or before the twentieth day of Augtift next, provided such bargain shall have been made on or after the twenty-ninth day of June preceding the said twentieth day of August.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act: shall be and Continuance continue in force, until one month after the commencement of of this act the next session of parliament.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for reducing the allowances for waste on salt and rock salt prjegftating the exportation of salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the use of soft salt for manure only 5 for allowing a drawback on the export tation of, Glauber or Epsom falls; for refraining fish curers fcom being dealers in salt 5 for regulating the exportation of heri tings from the Isle. of Man; for better securing the duties on: \jfilty and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences ogdihft the laws relating to the duties on salt.

*§8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1785.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the fifth year

5 Ann. C 29. the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An

a for the ease of her majesty's subjects in relation to the duties upon salt, and for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flesh, oatmeal, and grain called beer alias bigg, as are to be made upon exportation of the like from Scotland, it is amongst other things enabled, That any merchant or person who shall ship any English salt or rock salt, to he carried coastwise, from one port England or Wales, or port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any port England or Wales, or berwicmapon Tweed, shall have an allowance after the rate of three bushels for every forty bushels of English white salt, and after the rate of one hujhel and an half for every forty bushels of english rock salt; and an allowance of four bushels for every forty bushels of white salt

of two bushels for every forty bushels of rock salt, exported in manner therein prescribed from England to Ireland, in consideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof; and by another act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of her said late 6 Ann. C 12. majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An a to explain the at of the last session of parliament, for the ease of her majesty's subjects in relation to allowances out of the duties upon salt carried coastwise; and also an aof the first year of her majesty's reign, in relation to certain salt works near the seaside and bay of Holyhead in the county of Anglesea, the first mentioned allowance for waste is extended to all salt carried coastwise twenty miles or more by sea, or from the port a/'great Yarmouth, in the county of 'norfolk, to Loweftoff or Southwold Bay, in the county of Suffolk, although the place to which the said faltshould be carried be a member or creek of the port from whence the same was first hipped off: and whereas by an aftx made in the twentieth year of his present0 Geo. 2. Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty ad 34' ditiorial duties upon salt; and for regulating the exportation of

salt to the Isle of Man; the exporter or proprietor of white salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man is allowed four bushels for every forty bushels of white salt, and two bushels for every forty bushels of rock salt, in consideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof upon the terms mentioned in the said act in that behalf: and whereas it is found, by experience, that the said allowances far exceed the real waste, and that many opportunities are thereby given of evading the payment of the several duties on salt, and the payment thereof is thereby daily evacted, to the great diminution of the said duties; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the prdmaug. i, authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of ^owances for one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, each and

waft^on^ak every f the said several allowances for waste on white salt and reduced. rock salt carried coastwise, or shipped or exported to Ireland, r the Isle of Man, be reduced and lessened; and that, instead of the said several allowances before mentioned, there be allowed from thenceforth for waste on white salt and rock salt, carried

coastwise

hosted by

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii TILL C 6 % 259

coastwise not less than twenty miles by sea, after the rate of one bushel for every forty bushels of white salt, and after the rate of half a buftiel for every forty bushels of rock salt, and no more, and in that proportion far a greater or Jess quantity; and for waste on white salt and rock salt, exported to Ireland and the isle of Man, after the rate of two bushels for every forty bushels of white salt, and after the rate of one bushel for every forty bushels of rock salt, and no more, and in that proportion for a greater or less quantity, the persons who claim the said allowances hereby given producing such certificate as is by the said former acts required, anything in the said acts, or any other, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding 5 and tha't no allowance whatsoever be from thenceforth made for waste on any salt carried coastwise by sea less than twenty miles.

II. And whereas by an act, made in the feeond and third years of Recital of % the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for the & 3 Anne better securing and regulating the duties upon salt, it is (amongst C4' other things) enabled and declared, That any person exporting any salt to Scotland, the Isle of Man, or the ([lands of Jersey and Guernsey, according to the directions of the several alls relating to the said duties upon salt, is and shall be inti tied to a drawback of the duties of the salt Jo exported, in such manner as in case of the exportation of salt to any other foreign parts: and whereas great sums of, money are paid out of his Majesty's duties upon salt, on account of debentures for English white salt y slipped under pretence of being exported to the islands of j erfey and Guernsey, and it is found, by experience, that great part of such salt hath been fraudulently put on flore and relanded, without being carried to the said islands, by which evil practises his Majesty's said duties are very much lessened: and whereas the like frauds had been frequently committed, on the exportation of salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man; for remedy whereof it was enacted, by an act passed in the twentieth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled. An act for granting to his Ma ao Geo. 3. C jesty additional duties upon salt, and for regulating the exportation of 34* salt to the Isle of Man, That no debentures Should be made or granted, or drawback allowed, for any salt or rock salt exported to the Isle of Man, until a certificate Should be obtained of the particular quantity landed, according to the directions of the said. ad: and whereas it is reasonable and fitting that the provisions of the said act in that behalf flould extend to white salt and rock salt) slipped to be exported to the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and to theaflands of Alderney and Sark; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several diree provisions of tiens, regulations, and provisions of the said last mentioned the last men ad, so far as the same relates to the exportation of any white tioned actre salt or rock salt to the Isle of Man (except as to the allowance portfnefaltto for waste as herein after mentioned) shall extend, and be the Isle of deemed and construed to extend, to the exportation of white Man, extend ftlt and rock salt to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and ed to j€rfcy> Sari in as full and ample manner as if they were, repeated and etc

S 2 hereby

io

Allowance of waste on salt exported to said ihands reduced.

Recital of $ Ann. C 8.

Penalty on performs in whose possession salt brought from Scotland by land (half be found.

\ Geo. C 39»

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63, [1785.

hereby severally re enacted, any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That, instead of the allowance for waste of four bushels for every forty bushels of white salt, and of two bushels for every forty bushels of rock salt, shipped for exportation to the l(le of Man in pursuance of the said last mentioned actor to the ihands of jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, every exporter of white salt and rock salt to the islands of Jer jey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the Isle of Man, shall be allowed only one bushel for every forty bushels of, white salt, and half a bushel for every forty bushels of rock salt, in consideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof.

IV. And whereas by the eighth article of the oft of union, pajfld in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, no salt whatsoever is allowed to be brought from Scotland to England by land, in any manner, under the penalty of forfeiting the salt, and the cattle and carriages made use of in bringing the same, and paying twenty billings for every bushel of such salt, and proportionally for a greater or lesser quantity, for which the carrier, as well as the owner, is liable jointly and severally, and the persons bringing or carrying the same, to be imprisoned by any one justice of the peace by the space of six months, without bail, and until the penalty be paid: and whereas salt brought from Scotland by land is frequently found in the custody or possession of persons who live near the borders of that part of the united kingdom called Scotland; and if discovered by any of the officers for the salt duties, the person or persons in whose cup tody or possession the same is sounds pretend that the same doth not belong to him, her, or them, so that the abovementioned penalties cannot be in flitted on such offender or offender as in that att are described: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person, residing in any county in England near the borders of Scotland, in whose custody or possession any salt brought from Scotland shall be so found, shall be liable to the same penalties as if he or she was the carrier or owner thereof; unless he or she shall make it appear upon the trial, or hearing of any information for such offence, that it came by sea, and that the duties due and payable on the importation thereof had been paid or secured.

V. And whereas by an act pajj'ed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, soul salt is permitted to be delivered from any salt works, upon paying a duty cf fourpence a bushel, upon the terms therein mentioned, for manuring of land only: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt; and to prevent frauds in the duties on soul salt, to be used in manuring of lands; reciting, "That notwithstanding the restriction in the said att, abuses had been committed contrary to the intent and meaning

thereof

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

thereof and for preventing them in future, it was enacted, That no grey or fcrow salt, salt jcakyfandjcale, or crusings, or other soul salt whatsoever, produced or to be produced at any salt works within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town Berwick upon Tweed, from the manufacturing of such white salt as aforesaid y shouldy from and after the twenty second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, be removed or carried away from the works where the same ffould be produced without notice first given to the officer attending such works, or who Should reside nearest thereto; and without having been firs well and sufficiently mixed with common chimney coal sooty in the proportion of two bujheh of foot to one hundred bushels of such salty under the penalty therein mentioned \ which provision in the said act has not had the good effect to prevent such abufesy but great frauds are daily committed by diverse manufacturers unlawfully using such foul salt, without the means of detection to the great diminution of the salt duties, who must otherwise use white salt; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That those parts of the said recited acts, which allow the Part of the using of soul salt for the manuring of land only, and direct that as of 8 and it shall not be removed from the works without having been % % 3#

first mixed with chimney coal soot, shall be, and the same are repeae # hereby declared to be repealed.

VI. Andy in order to obviate any doubts that may hereafter arise respecting the duties payable for such foul salt, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Augufly From Aug. ione thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all soul salt that all soul shall be made or produced at any salt works, shall be subject ablvto the and liable to the same duties as any English white salt is now, same duties or hereafter may be subject and liable to, and to such and the as white salt, like directions, regulations, andrprovisions, in every respect, as

if they were several jy enumerated and re enacted in the body of this adh

VII. And whereas by an ady made in the twenty second year of Recital of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to* Geo. 3. of his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties Upon 39*

Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for

glass, made from salt, and to prevent frauds in the duties on soul salt, to be used in manuring of lands; a duty of twenty Billings for every hundred weight is laid on all Gaols known or called by the name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, made or produced at any salt works in Great Britain, and after that rate for a greater qrless quantity: and whereas it is foundy by experience, xthaty since the said duty has been imposed, the exportation of the said salts has been much leffenedy to the hurt of the maker or manufacturer thereof it is therefore but reasonable that a drawback or allowance Should be made of so much of the said duty on exportation, as will enable the maker or manufacturer to render the sale thereof at foreign markets,

Upon equal terms with that of any other country; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Exporters of day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, all Glauber or and every person or persons who shall export, or cause to be ex lowed

ported, beyond the seas, any salts known or called by the name a drawback.

S^of

From Aug. X 1785, no fish curer shall fell salt, except to other curer.

5 Geo. 1. c. 18.

[Penalty.]

Recital of iz peo. 3. C 58

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1785.

ol Glauber or Epsom salts, made or produced at any salt works in Great Britain, the duty whereof shall have been paid, shall, upon such exportation, be entitled to a drawback or allowance of ten Shillings out of the said duty for every hundred weight of the said salts, upon such and the like terms as in the cases of exportation of foreign and English salt.

VIII. And whereas great frauds have been committed in the salt revenue by fish curers becoming dealers in salt for home consumption; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no fish curer or fish curers flfall, directly or in directly, fell, retail or vend any salt other than to fish curers, in pursuance of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, entitled, An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts; and for better securing the duties on salt, under the penalty of forfeiting twenty shillings a bushel for every bushel that he, she, or they shall so dispose of, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity; and shall never afterwards be permitted to have salt duty free, or be concerned with any other or others as a curer of fish.

IX. And whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the further encouragement of the herring fishery on the coast of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the bounties upon the British white herring fishery, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy one; any sort of herrings, (aught upon the coafis of the Isle of Man and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the duties therein mentioned, the mafier or other person having the charge of the ship so importing such herrings, bringing with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chiefs or chief magistrate for the time being, that oath had been made before him or them, in the presence of the officer of the customs for the port or place where such herrings were put on boards that the same were bona fide taken on the coafis of the Isle of Man and cured there; which certificate or certificates also to be attefied by the said officer of the customs, and to express the number of barrels and quantity of such herrings respectively, and the marks of the package expressed in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names, place or places of abode of such person or persons as shall have made the oath thereby dir eft ed, and where and to whom such herrings shall be consigned in Great Britain; and the mafier, or person taking charge of the hip or vessel importing the same, also making oath before the collector or principal officer of the jalt duties, at the port or place of importation in Great Britain, that the said herrings were the same that were taken on board by virtue of the said certificate or certificates so to be produced \ on failure whereof or of any of the requisites therein mentioned, the herrings to be liable to the same duties penalties, and forfeitures, as such herrings would have been liable to by law, if the said act had not been made: and whereas, before the faffing of the said act, all kinds offish were prohibited

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 2 63

hibittd frm being brought in or imported from the said if and; and it is since found by experience that herrings caught and cured upon the said coasis, are clandejibiely hipped, and fraudulently brought into Great Britain, to the loss of the revenue, and injury to the fish curers there, contrary to the intention of the said act, which may in a great tneafure be prevented, if further provisions andjuitable penalties were to be in flitted on persons offending against the said at?; be it there*enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after From Aug. t, the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty 1785, 00 tier five, no herrings, caught upon the coasts of the lfe of Man, thecoafts

and cured there, shall be shipped or exported from thence, for the jqc of any place or places whatsoever, till such certificate or certifi Man, C shall cates is or shall be obtained as required by the said act, under be exported the penalty of forty Shillings a barrel, and foin proportion for a [!ra thence greater or less quantity, to be recovered of the owner, propri certificate's etor, tnafter of the veiled, or the person or persons who shall obtained, etq. ship or export the same, and also giving bond to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in double the amount of the duty, to the satisfaction of the chief officer of the customs for the time being, (who is hereby required and empowered to take the same), at the port or place in the said island where such herrings shall be shipped or put on board, for the truly landing of them at the port or place for which they shall be so shipped or put on board, and if for Great Britain, upon paying the duty and making the oath upon the importation thereof; which bond shall be discharged, and given up without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the chief officer of the customs, for the time being, of the port or place in the said island from whence the said herrings were exported, within twelve months from the date of the said bond, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for such chief officer of the customs to cause such bond to be put in suit, unless he shall find sufficient cause to forbear the same; which certificate the chief officer of the salt duties, or otherwise of the customs, (in case there shall happen to be no salt officer), at the port or place of importation in Great Britain, or any other of his majesty's dominioas, is hereby directed and required to grant, without fee or reward; and if exported to any other place or places out of his majesty's dominions, then, upon certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate there, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such place or places, that such herrings were there landed; or upon proof, by credible persons, that such herrings, or part thereof, were taken by enemies, perishedin the feasor were otherwise lost or destroyed by any inevitable accident; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magistrates of the said lfe if Man, for the time being.

X. And whereas British salt, delivered duty free for the curing iffish for foreign markets, is liable to frauds for want ofsecurity being given as for foreign salt, when delivered over into the curers foie

S 4 custody

From Aug. 1785, on delivery of salt duty free to

2 64 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [ tytgi

tujlody at the beginning of the fishing seasonr, for remedy whereof, be.it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on delivering over such salt from the joint custody curers for fb f he officer and proprietor, into the foie custody of the proprie reign mar for or his agent, for the curing of fish for exportation the said kets jecunty proprietor or his agent shall give security (to the satisfaction of °fficer f the salt duties in the port or place where faction of the ^uch salt has been lodged) in double the amount of the duties, officer. that he or they shall and will account for the same in the terms of, and according to tb, e true intent and meaning of the several acts of parliament made in that behalf, in like manner as the curers of fish now do for the foreign salt delivered into their X folecustody, for curing fish for exportation, by virtue of an ast made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King Such salt to George the Second; and that all such salt shall, upon being de t'c w eighed m 'jjvered into the foie custody of the proprietor, be weighed over by the said proprietor or his agents in the presence of the officer for the duties on salt, if he shall require the same, to the end that the quantity of salt delivered into the proprietor's foie custody, and the deficiency (if any) from the quantity before lodged under the joint lock and key of such officer and proprietor, as aforesaid, may be truly ascertained, and the real quantity wanting at the re delivery truly known, making a reasonable allowance for the waste for the time the said salt has been so locked up; and that every fish curer, who shall neglect of refuse to weigh over, to the officer for the duties on salt, what salt shall remain unused, (in order to adjust the quantity used), and also to lock up the remainder in the joint custody of the officer and proprietor, when thereunto duly required by the said officer, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and shall never afterwards be permitted to have salt duty free for the curing of fish, or be concerned with any other or others as ^a*fi/v, e^rec* a curer f and that no salt whatsoever, after the same has not to bee*delivered into the foie custody of the curer of fish for so moved with reign markets, shall be delivered over to any other person for out a warrant the curing of fish, nor shall be removed from the place where from the of lodged to any other place for curing fish, without giving notice to the officer, and having a warrant from him for removing the same, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, by the proprietor or owner of the salt, or the person removing the same; and that no person whatsoever shall be deemed or taken to be a curer of fish, so as to entitle him to have any salt delivered into his foie custody duty free., for the curing fish for foreign markets, who has not a warehouse, storehouse, or other proper place, wherein the salt may be securely lodged under the lock and key of the officer sot the duties on salt, as well as the said proprietor, as the law directs.

And for the better and more impartial trial of any indictment or information, which shall at any time hereafter be found, commenced or prosecuted for any ajfault made or committed upon any of the

iicer.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. % 6$

the officers of the Jalt duties, or, any other person or persons a sling in their and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That inai&ments every such offence shall and may be inquired of, examined, foraffauits tried, and determined, in any county within that part of the ° tried kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such manner and inanycounty. form as if the said offence had been therein committed.

XII. And whereas it. hath been sounds by experience, that the bailiffs and other officers, having the execution of process in the several counties, cities, and liberties of this kingdom, often hold correspondence with the p erf ons guilty of offences contrary to the laws or Statutes relating to the duties on salt, or other duties under the management of the commissioners for the duties on salt, and give them notice when any writ or procejs issues against them, whereby they escape from justice; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, ]?rom £ug# Xj one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, where any writ 1785, when

of capias, or other process, shall issue out of any court, directed rits ca' X^1 # j*piss arc

to any sheriff, mayor, bailiff, or other person having the exe }ffue'd acrainst

cution of process in any county, city, or liberty, against: any offendersre

person who shall be guilty of, or prosecuted for any offence lative to the

whatsoever, contrary to any of the laws or Statutes now in be felt duties, a

ing, or hereafter to be made, relating to his majesty's said duties ran^fl^fb'e

on salt, or any other duties under the management of the com granted for

missioners for the said duties on salt, every such sheriff, mayor, apprehending

or bailiff, and other persons having execution of process as them.

aforesaid, and their and every of their under sheriffs, deputies, \

and other persons acting for them in the said office and offices

respectively, shall and are hereby enjoined and required, upon the request: or application of the known solicitor for the duties

on salt (such request: to be in writing endorsed upon the back of the said process, and signed by such solicitor), to grant a special

warrant or warrants to such person or persons as shall be

named to them; by such solicitor, for the apprehending such

offender and offenders; or, in default thereof, every such he Penalty on

riff, mayor, bailiff, under sheriff, and other person acting in ffienffs^etc.

the said office or offices respectively, shall be subject and liable e'

to such process of contempt, fines, amerciaments, penalties,

and forfeitures, as they, or any of them, are now by any law,

custom, or usage, liable to in case of refuting or neglecting to

execute the like process, where the defendant might have been

taken thereupon, in the common and usual method of proceeding.

XIII. And whereas it has been doubted where the commissioners for the duties on salt, and justice s of the peace, have respectively issued out any summons for the appearance of persons offending against, or for forfeitures incurred by the laws relative to the duties on salt, or any other law under the management of the commissioners for the said duties on salt, which hath been left at the house or usual place of rest dence, or with the wife, child, or menial servant of such persons, whether the same Should be deemed and adjudged a good and sufficient summons, and as legal and effectual a notice as if the same had

a 66

summontes for the appearance of offenders, left at their place of abode, etc, to be deemed legal notice.

Summonses relative to the salt duties, left at the house, shop, etc. as effectual notice as If delivered to the party, etc.

Clause relative to actions for recovery of goods seized by virtue of any act relating to salt duties.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6f.

[1785.

been actually delivered to the proper bands of such person or persons to, whom the same was or were directed: now, in order to put an end to such doubt, be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such summons, so left as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a good and sufficient summons, and as legal and effectual a notice, as if the same had been actually delivered to the proper hands of such persons to whom the same was by name directed.

XIV. And, for the future, it is hereby enacted, That in all cases relating to the duties on salt, or to any of the other duties which now are, or hereafter may be under the management of the commissioners of the said duties on salt, the leaving such summons at the house, workhouse, warehouse, boiling house, hot house, salt crib, (hop, cellar, vault, or usual place of residence of such person or persons, directed to such person or persons, by hisi her, or their right or assumed name or names, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be as legal and effectual a notice and summons, to all intents and purposes, as if the same was personally given or delivered to or into the hands of the party or parties for whom the same shall be designed, as if the same was directed ta the party or parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her, or their proper name or names.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. in case any information or suit shall be commenced and brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any salt, fish, or other goods whatsoever, or the package thereof, seized as forfeited by any act or act of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his majesty's duties on salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the said duties on salt, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horses or other cattle, or of any carriages used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be found for the owner or claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court, before whom the said action or information shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause of seizure, the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried, shall certify on the record, that there was a probable cause for the seizing the said salt, fish, goods, package, ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, as the case may be; and in such case the claimant or owner shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person who seized the said salt, fish, goods, or package, or the said ships, vessels, or boats, or the horses, or other cattle or carriages, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; and that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such salt, fish, goods, or package, or of any ships, vessels, boats, horses, or other cattle or carriages, used and employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 267

defendants, if the court or judge, before whom such action, indicsment, or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify, on the said record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, the value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant, in such prosecution, be fined above one shilling.

XVI Jnd, for the more effeflucl preventing vexatious suits against the officers for the salt duties and their assistants, acting under the authorities and powers to them given by the several Statutes made?, or hereafter to be made, for securing the duties on salt and rock salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the duties on salt, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand From Aug. t, seven hundred and eighty-five, no writ shall be sued out against,

nor a copy of any process served upon any officer or officers out against for the salt duties, or against any person or persons acting by any officer for his or their order, and in his or their aid, for anything done salt duties, for in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, until one ^ntu*calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been deter a livered to him, or left at the usual place of his abode, by the month's no attorney or agent for the party who intends to sue out such tice. writ or process as aforesaid; which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of adkion, the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent, and that a see of twenty Shillings shall! be paid for the preparing and serving of every such notice, and no more.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

V That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said of Officer, with ficers, or other persons adtingin their aid, to whom such notice in a month shall be given as aforesaid, at any time, within one calendar month after such notice shall have been given, to tender amends der amends to the party complaining, or to his or her agent or attorney, etc. and in case the same is not accepted, to plead such tender in b3r to any action to be brought against him grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or her action, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs, as he would have been entitled to in case he had pleaded the general issue only; and if upon issue so joined, the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and shall also find against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give 3 verdict for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, together with his or her costs of suit.

2^8

No evidence of the cause of ad ion to be produced, except that contained in such notice.

defendant allowed to pay money into court.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

In actions brought relative to seizures, proof of payment of duties to lie on the claimer.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1785.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plaintiff, in any case where an action shall be grounded on any act done by the defendant, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any verdict against such officer or persons acting in his aid, unless he shallprove, on the trial of such action, that such notice was given, and that in default

such proof, the defendant in such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case such officer, or others acting in his aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have tendered inefficient amends, before the action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by leave of the court where such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any matter or thing done by any officer or officers for the salt duties, or any others acting hi his or their aid, in execution of, or by reason of his or their office, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the same, as any defendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where costs are given by law.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any salt, fish, or other goods, liable to the duties on salt, or any other duties under the management of the commis fidners for the said duties on salt, shall be seized by virtue of, or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made; or if any action shall be brought by the owner or claimer of any such fair, fish, or other goods, Against any officer or officers for the salt duties, or any person jading in their assistance, for anything done in pursuance of any such act or acts, the proof of the payment of the said duties upon such salt, fish, or other goods To seized, shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such salt, fish, or other goods, and not on - the

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 269

the person who seized the same or against whom such action shall be brought. '

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct, assault'of Penalty on pose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of the salt duties obstructing in the execution of his or their office, or in the execution of any 0 cers* of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officers by this or any other a now in force, or hereafter to be made; or shall beat or abuse the said officers, or any of them, in the execution of their office; every person or persons so ofr, sending shall' severally forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum Of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven From Aug. r, hundred and eighty-five, upon the entry of any claim to any 1785, claim horses or other cattle, or to any carriages, or to any: ship, boat, by°vir or other vessel, or to any salt, fish, or other goods, or the pack tue of any salt age thereof, or to any other thing whatsoever, seized for any act, to enter cause of forfeiture, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament into bond to now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on Paf costs C salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the salt duties, the person or persons who shall enter the claim, as the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof (in case such claimant shall reside in the kingdom of Great Britain shall be bound, with two other sufficient securities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim; and if such owner or proprietor shall not reside in Great Britain, then, and in such case, the attorney or solicitor, by whose jliredtion such claim shall be entered, shall, in like manner, be bound with two other sufficient securities, in the like penalty, to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas, by the several regulations hereby established,

and by the reduction in the allowances granted by former acts of par" " .::

the produce of the several and respective duties on salt will be much incteased\ be it therefore enacted, That a just and reason A Just pro able proportion shall be taken by the cashier of the said salt du ties, out of the moneys that shall arise and come to his hands, ta^ncfor° for the respective duties granted by the before recited acts of the duties the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King granted by the George the Second, and of the twentieth and twenty second tormer acts years of the reign of his present Majesty; and he the said cashier ia, ooool. to be shall set apart, and pay into the receipt of his majesty's exche Paid annually quer, the annual sum of twelve thousand pounds, by payments chequer COF three thousand pounds each quarter; videlicet? on or before

the tenth day of October the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July in every year, the first quarterly payment to be paid for the quarter which will end the tenth day of Qflobery one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and such quarterly sum and sums of three thousand pounds;

so

all other mo nies.

Application

thereof.

applied.

276 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1785.

and entered so to be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer shall be en separate from tered and kept distindi and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty; his heirs and successors; and thall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as are or shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament (entitled. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy vie mailing, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this acts imposed, forfeitures and all other fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by any former act

covered^mid6" or hereafter to be imposed, relating to the duties on

covere an or any other duty now or hereafter to be under the management

of the commissioners for the duties on salt, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or salt duties, now in being, or hereafter to be made respectively; and that no appeal or writ of certiorari shall be allowed upon any judgement or conviction in any penalty or forfeiture inflicted, either by this or any other act made or to be made relating to the duties on salt, or any other duties under the management of the commissioners for the salt duties, or by any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record in Great Britain, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance; any law or Statute to the contrary in any wise not with standingj and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (not otherwise directed by any former act) shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or

may plead the prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this general issue, or any otjier at now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on salt, or other duties under the management of the commissioners for the duties on salt, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, or such other acts, and the special matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defencesj apd if afterwards a verdict shall pass for th defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVII. And whereas many persons, having incurred heavy penalties by reason of offences committed against the laws for collecting and securing the duties on salt) and on account of foreign and British

salt

Defendants

and recover treble costs.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. 2.71

salt delivered duty free for the fisheries, are deterred from renouncing their evil courses, through fear of being discovered by same of their officiates, and thereby subjected to prosecution: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to persons under the aforesaid circumstances; be it therefore enacted, That no prosecution, perfoot by bill, plaint, information, or action of debt, shall be commen indemnified ced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason for offences of any offence committed, by any person or persons, against any of the provisions of any act or acts for coljeding and secur duties, before ing the duties under the management of the commissioners of June i, 1785, the salt duties, committed before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, but that the said penalties and forfeitures be wholly pardoned and released.

CAP. lxtv.

An act for altering and amending anoel, made in the last session of parliament entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and alia certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty fourth year of Preamble the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for Recitaj Of granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver 44geo.'3. b. plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver 53* wrought plate made in Great Britain, after reciting, That gold and silver wares, when sent to be marked and assayed, were sent in fa rude and rough a Jiate, that the same in the finishing were greatly lessened in weight, it was enacted, That the person appointed by the several companies, or assay offices, to take and receive the moneys and duties directed by the said act, Should, where such plate was sent to be marked and assayed in the same rude and rough Jiate as theretofore had been usual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weighty and an allowance of one fifth part of the duty imposed by the said a CL to the person or persons bringing the same: and whereas doubts have arisen upon the confiruction of the words rude and rough state as theretofore had been usual, the manufacturers having been accustomed, time immemorial, to foetid in their work in various fates to the assay offices to be marked and assayed, and great inconveniences and disputes frequently arifa between the manufacturers and assay officers, on the confiruction of the said words: for remedy whereof,

be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth From July 14, day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the 1785, the per person appointed by the said companies or assay offices to take and receive the moneys and duties directed by the said act, Dufies payable where such plate is sent to be marked in any unfinished state, for marking Jothajt a diminution in the weight thereof must necessarily re of plate, may

main to be made by the worker or manufacturer thereof, before "ache an ai"

lowajaceot

iyi Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. [1785.

1-6th part of the same shall be finished, shall, in respect of such diminution the duty for as aforesaid, make a deduction of one ibcth part from the pla*e. weight, and an allowance of one sixth part of the 4uty imposed unfinuhvd* ^7 Afe said act, to the person or persons bringing the same, inflate stead of one.fifth part, as by the said recited act is directed and shall, at the bottom of the note or memorandum by the said act directed the kept and filed; express the dedudion from the weight, and the allowance of the duty accordingly, as in and by thedaid ad was directed

two clauses H. And whereas by the said recited act it was also enabled. That, in the act of in case any person or persons whatsoever Should, at any time or times la ft session re after the jirfi day of December, one thousand seven hundred and cited, eighty-four, during the continuance of the duties by the said act imposed upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, export, by way of merchandise, for any foreign parti, any plate of gold or fliver, wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by the said act is charged or chargeable with the respective duties of eight Billings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the same Should appear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the first day^December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and the duty thereby directed Should have been paid thereon $ and Should give sufficient security, before the hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such plate or manufactures of gold and silver, intended to be exported as aforesaid? and every part thereof, Should not be reloaded or brought again into Great Britain, and Should male proof, upon oath, that the same gold or silver plate or manufactures ivere actually made and marked as aforesaid, after the said sirs day December, one thousand seven hundred, and eighty-four; and Should also produce or deliver to such customer or collector a certificate under the hand of the person to whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and flyer were consigned, certifying that the same had been received, and mentioning the weight and particular species of plate so consigned and received, the name of the person consigning the same, the name of the vessel, and the name of the captain commanding such vessel, and the port of Great Britain from which the said vessel was cleared, and the port to which such vessel. was bound; and Should also, where the drawback field amount to five pounds, and upwards, authenticate such certificate by notarial aft in writing, and where the same could not be done by a notarial aft, then the same Should be authenticated under the hand and seal of the chief magistrate of the city, town, or place, where such wrought plate or manufacture of gold and silver Should be received; that then the said cuf omer or collector Should give to the exporter thereof a debenture, expressing the true kinds and quantities of such plate and'\ manufactures of gold or silver so exported, or Jbtpped to be exported;

and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the searchen Upon the said debenture, the collector or receiver of the said duty on plate, upon the said debenture so certified being produced.to him, Should'forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight billings for every ounce Troy on gold, and sixpence for every ounce Troy oti fiver plate or manufacture, out of the money in his hands, in the u manner

N

1785o Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64.73

manner in the said act particularly mentioned and set forth: and whereas the great delay in with bolding the drawback, in cases where fitch plate or manufacture of gold and silver is wanted to be exported to the Eart and West Indies, and to other disant parts, until the certificate, directed in the said recked clause, can be procured from the persons to whom such wrought plate is consigntd, tends greatly to impede the exportation of gold and silver manufactured plate to foreign parts, and is very injurious to the manufacturers thereof: and whereas by the feud recited act it was olfo further enacted, Thai all wrought gold and silver plate, which Should be intended to be exported from this kingdom into any foreign parts, shouldbefore the same was slipped, be brought to the assay office, and Should there be Jumped with the figure of a Britannia, in order to denote that such plate was intended for exportation, and to be allowed the drawback thereon: and whereas the ft riling the Britannia mark on many artieks of wrought gold and silver plate, in theirfinifbedfate, can in no way be praclijtd without doing material damage to such wrought plate; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth and repealed, day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said two last recited clauses in the said act contained, and each of them, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

III. And, in order to prevent any injury to the manufacturers of gold and silver plate, and for the better encouragement of the exportation thereof, be it enacted, That in case any person or persons Clause For the whatsoever (hah, at any tien or times after the twenty-fourth encourage day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, dur ment of the ing die continuance of the duties by the said recited act imposed of gom^and upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, ex fiiver plate, ported by way of merchandise, for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or silver, wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which, by the said recited act, is charged or chargeable with the said respective duties of eight Shillings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the same shall appear to have been made or marked as aforesaid, after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the duties thereby directed shall have been paid thereon, and shall give suffi event security, before the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such plate, or manufactures of gold or silver, intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall not be re landed or brought again into Great Britain \ and shall make proof, upon oach, that the same gold or silver plate, or manufactures, were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the time in the said recited act mentioned, which security shall be taken in the king's name, and to bi use, and the oath or oaths administered by the customer or collector of the respective port of such exportation, without fee or reward; that then, and in every such case, and without the production of any such certificate, or notarial or other act in writing, as in the said act is mentioned, the said customer or collator shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, exprefit vol. XXXV T injg

£74 Anno vicesimo quinta Georgii [1785.

ing the trud kinds and quantities mf fuel! plate and manufactures of gold or silver so exported, or shipped to be exported; and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collector or receiver of the said duty upon plate, at the several assay offices where the same were marked and assayed, shall, upon the said debenture, so certified, being produced to him, forthwith pay a drawback or allowance, after the rate of eight Shillings per ounce Troy, and proportionably for any greater or less quantity of such plate, or manufacture of gold; and after the rate of sixpence for every ounce Troy, and proportionably for every greater or less quantity of such plate, or manufacture of silver, out of the money of the said duties on plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, then in the hands of the said receiver or collector, without fee or reward^and if the said collector or receiver shall not have money in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the receiver-general of the lamp duties for the time being, is hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said debenture, out of the duties arising 'by this act, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Gold and sit

IV. And be it further enacted, That the exporters of gold ver watches, and silver watches shall mark or engrave in the inside of every how to be case or box of each watch, enclosing the works thereof, the ^inar ed. same numbers and figures which shall be respectively marked or engraved on the works of the watch which shall be enclosed in such base or box.

V Andy the better to prevent the fraudulent relanding, of any plate in this kingdom, aftenthe drawback has been paid' and allowed for the same, it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore bonds to re said That all securities and bonds, required to be taken as afore main in force, said, shall continue and remain in force, until every such expbr scularsherein'ter^ any wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, shall mentioned ' produce and deliver to such customer or collector the bill of lading shall be com thereof and which shall have at the foot the receipt of the plied with. matter of the vessel on board of which the said plate or, manufactures were shipped, and also. a receipt or certificate, on the back of such bill of lacting, under the hand of the person to - whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and silver were consigned, certifying or acknowledging that the same

have been received, and mentioning in such receipt or certificate the true kinds and quantities of plate so consigned and re

and tive name of the person configuring the same*and also, if such plate shall consist of watches, the numbers or fi

marked, or engraved in the inside of the case or box of each such watch that then such securities and bonds shall and

Bonds to be; nay be delivered up and cancelled.

o^th^loftpof ?rov^ec* always, and be it further enacted, That where

any veife°l ex*P or vessel, on board of which such plate, or manufac porting such tures of gold and silver, or watches, were shipped, shall be lost, goods. or shall not, within the spacf of three years, return to any port

*-« - V -»in

I Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i 17$

Hi Great Britain \ upon due proof thereof being made to the icustomer or coile#or at the port at which the said drawback was. received, and the said bonds given, the said customer or colje&or Hiali deliver up to such exporters their securities and bonds, so given by them, in order that the same may be cancelled, if qo fraud therein shall in the mean time halve appeared, or no prosecution thereon shall have been commenced

CAP. LXV.

An act for the further encouragement of the British fisheries*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the extending' and improving of the British fishery

hath been frequently declared by parliament to be of great importance to this kingdom, inasmuch as It not only adds considerably to the national wealth, but is moreover at fruitful nursery of able fearnen for the public service: whereas, by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the n Geo. 3. C encouragement of the white herring fishery, a bounty of thirty i fallings per tonne is made payable annually to the owner or owners of all decked byffls Or vessels, from twenty to eighty tonnes burden fitted out and employed in the said. fisheries, for the space or term of seven years, from and after the twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and to the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, in the manner, and under the regulations therein mentioned: and whereas, by an aftfpdffef^ the nineteenth yfar 19 Geo. $. 6, of his said Majesty's reign, for continuing and amending the said act, 16 it was enacted, That the said former act jhopjd, from and after the term in the said former act mentioned, be continued for and during the further term of seven years, and from Iheriee id the end of the then next session of parliament: and where it plight tend to the encouragement of the said fishery, by inducing a greater number o f persons N to engage, therein, if the said bounty were extended, under certain re(iriftionsx to the owners of decked bitjfes or vessels of a. greater burr then than eighty tonnes: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be.enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the.advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, infthis present parliament assembled, and by ihe authority of the same, That, From Aug. 1, from and after the.first dny ot August, one thousand seven hurt785* the dred and: eighty-five, the ia»j bounty of thirty Shillings per tonne person°ex°s* shall, during the coneinuauce ct the term for which the fapie tended to all was fq granted, be extended to, and be payable and paid to decked vef the owner or owners of, all decked bpffes or vessels, of what fels, except burden soever the same may be, other than and except decked burden tonne bufles or vessels upder twenty tonnes burden, which shall be in all respects (save only in respect to theit burden or tonnage) built, fitted out, visited, and licensed, according to the directions of the said last mentioned act, and shall be manned, vie tualied, furniftted, and accoutred, in proportion to their respective rates of tonnage, in the manner by the said act preferred for the manning, vfdualling, furnishing, and 'atfcout

T 2 ring

Preamble, relative to places of rendezvous appointed by former acts

Part of the said acts repealed.

Owner, etc. to be sworn before clearance outwards.

The forth.

Anno vicesimo quinto ofibfcgl! lit. 6j6$.

[1785.

ring bufles and vessels of a burden not exceeding that of eighty tonnes: provided nevertheless, that ho owner or owners shall be entitled to the said bounty for tnore than eighty tonnes, upon or in respect of any buss or vessel, although such buss or vessel shall exceed that burden.

II. And whereas, in and by the said recited act of the eleventh year of his present Majestfs reign, certain times and places are appointed for the rendezvous of all decked bujfes and vessels employed in the said fishery, and certain oaths are thereby also directed to be taken by the Owner and mafier, or chief officer of every such buss or vejfd, before the colie ft or or comptroller of the port of her clearance outwards, previous to the departure of such buss or vessel, and by the said master or chief officer, after her return to such port as aforesaid, In order to her discharge, as well in respect to her being at one of the said places of rendezvous, as in respect to several other matters therein specified: and whereas by the said act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majestfs reign, for continuing and amending the said former act, the times of rendezvous were altered, and other places of rendezvous were added to those appointed by the said former act: and whereas the compelling bujfes and vessels, employed in the said fishery, to rendezvous at the places, and within the times, in and by the said act appointed and limited for that purpose respectivety, has been found extremely inconvenient, and injurious tv the owners of such vefi Jets and to the pet sans employed therein, and is a great discourage went to the fishery \ therefore further enacted, That so much, and such parts of the said two severally recited acts, as direct that any decked buss or vessel shall proceed to or be at any of the places of rendezvous, in and by the said adis For that purpose appointed, and also so much and such parts of the said recited a of the eleventh year of hta present majesty's reign, as diredi that the owner or master, or chief officer of any such vessel, shall make such several oaths as are therein prescribed, shall be, and the same are hereby repeated; and that, instead thereof, the owner or owners, and master or chief officer of the vessel shall, before her clearanee, take and subscribe an oath, before the collector or comptroller of the port of clearance outwards, in the following form j that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That it' is really and truly my firm purpose and ( determined resolution, that the buss or vessel, now lying in the V port of f called (Specifying the names

of the port and vessel)) now manned, furnished, and accoutred, shall proceed immediately Upon the brltuh white herring fishery, there to continue fishing, in an orderly regular manner, for the spate of three, inghths at the leaf, {iinltfs fbe jfhrtll have sooner Completed her full loading of fish,) without impeding or obftfufting any other vejfeh which jhatl be employed.in the said fishery

help me GOD.

And that the master, 6t chief officer of the vessel, after her return to port in order to her discharge, shall lifcewifetake and

subscribe

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. $§* % jy

tubscribe he following oath, before the said collector or comp trojlerj that is, to say,

1a, B. do wear, That the buss or vessel called the Oath to be

now lying in the port of (specifying takj: n byfthe

the names of rl>e vessel and port,) did without delay proceed turn into from the aid port, upon, her kfi clearance from thence outwards, to port. or upon the British white herring fishery atfd did there remain and continue employed in fishing for herrings or other fi/hfaccording to law 5 and that during all that, time, the quantity of nets and other fares, and number of men by law in that behalf required were on board the aid buss or vessel or were employed in the lawful prof ecu tien of the said fisheryi and that, the said buss or vessel hath, not*since her [aid lost clearance outwards from the said port, been qn( any other voyage, or pursued any other design or view of profit than that of iating fifty and faking or curing the same, orjolting or curing other fresh fish lawfully purchased at sea; and that all the fish brought into port by the said buss or vessel were taken by the crew belonging thereto [and in case of the buss or vessel not returning till after the expiration of three months, the following wprd.s are to be added to the said oath, (videlicet,) or were purchased of British subjects.]

So help nte gjq D.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from apd after the From Aug. r, first; day of August* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, 1785, alldeck the owners or matters of any decked bufles or ^effels, being edvessels, on built, manned, victualled, furnish, qd, accoutred, ftpred, fitted ^i^certain out, and licensed in the manner required by the said recited act conditions, of the eleventh year of his present majesty's reign, and which shall be intit shall clear out of any port of Great Britain at any time or times Jfd to th between the first day of June and the first day of oflob&r* and p^rton? S shall proceed immediately upon the white herring filbery, and shall there begin and continue to fifty, according to the regulations of the said last mentioned ft, and of this present act, without returning into port for the space of three calendar months, to be computed from the day upon which fqch owners or masters respectively first (hot or wetted their nets, or shall return into port within that space of time with a full cargo of fish, taken wholly by the crew of such buss or veffd*, shall be entitled to the said bounty of thirty Shillings per tonj anything in the said two severally recited a, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the crew of any Regulations buss or vessel, employed in the said white herring fishery, shall, relative to during the time of their continuance at sea, catch any cod, ling, ing*and or hake, it shall and may be lawful to and for such crew to take and use, for the salting or curing of such cod, ling, or hake, a sufficient quantity of the salt on board of such buis or vessel, for which they shall be entitled to the same allowance as if the same had been confirmed in, the felting or curing of her

Owners of decked vessels may purchase, at sea, fresh herrings, etc. from British subjects.

178 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. [ 1; g

rings, but so as nevertheless that no bounty shall be allowed on the exportation of such cod, ling, or hake; and to that intent all Cuch cod, sing, and hake shall, on the landing thereof, and before the same shall be removed from shore, have part of the tail cut off in the presence of the collector or comptroller of the port, that it may be known that the owners of the fish for marked are not intitled, in respect thereof, to any bounty upon the exportation^of the same; and the said c6liector or comptroller is hereby empowered and required to cut off, or cause so to be in his presence, part of the tail of all such cod, ling, and hake, on the landing thereof; and if any of such cod, ling, or hake, shall be landed or removed from the shore before the same shall be tendered to the said co)lec1or or comptroller to have part of the tail cut off as aforesaid, all the fish so landed or removed shall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer of such fish, or of the proprietor or matter pi the vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law*fu] to and for the owners or chief officers of any decked buses of vessels, femployed in the said fishery, to purchase in any part of the Teas, or other waters where such fish are to be found; any quantity or quantities of fresh and unfalted herrings, cp$j, ling; or hake, from or out of any boat or boats belonging to British subjects; and also to ship any quantity of fish, as well what they shall catch or take, as what they shallto purchase on'board of any other British vessel or vessels; and that the owner or owners, or chief officer or officers, of such lass mentioned

vessel or vessels shall be at liberty to enter and land the tifli so'shipped on board thereof, in any port or ports of Great Britain, in such and the same manner as the owners or chief officers of _ the buses or vessels, put of which the same shall be so shipped. Particulars to could or might have lawfully done; oath being taken and fub pefwomto scribed, by the owner or chief officer of each respective vessel bringing such fish into port, before the collector or comptroller of the port where the same shall be entered, specifyin'g the sorts of fish, and the respective quantities of each sort, together with the name or names of the buss or vessel, buses or vessels, from which the said fish were shipped, and of the respective master or chief officer thereof ?nd of the port or ports from whence the said buss or Vessel, buses or vessels, was or were cleared y and alfq that such fish were, according to the bed of his know ledgeand belief, caught and salted, or caught and cured, as the case may be, by British subjects; and the collector or comptroller of the port, at which such fish shall be so entered and landed, shall, upon demand, deliver gratis, to, any of the owners of such fish, a certificate under his hand and seal, specifying the particulars of the same, and the falling or cure thereof; which certificate shall be admitted as proof of the consumption of the salt used in the salting or curing of such fish, as the case may be.

VI. Provided always, That no owner or owners of any bose

or

on landing thereof.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65.; 279

or vessel, which shall return into port from the faicj fishery* Vessels re within the said space of three calendar.months, to be computed turning into from the day whereon the nets belonging to such buss or vessel p°rt within were first (hot or wetted, without a full cargo of herrings y. or without a"full having a full cargo, unless the whole of such cargo was bona cargo, ncstin side caught and taken by the crew belonging to such buss^or, titled to vessel, shall be entitled to any bounty in respect of the tonnage bounty, of such buss or vessel; anything herein, or in any other as, contained to the contrary notwithstanding',

And for reviving and encouraging the cod fishey, in the north seas and Iceland, and that the same may he, carried on with success be it further enacted, That the matter of any boat or From Aug. 1, vessel, bound on a fishing voyage to the said north feasor leer7; 85> matters land shall, from and after the first day of August* one thousand ?t vc^e]8 th seven hundred and eighty-five, be allowed to take from any salt fe works or salt pits, any quantity of british salt for the faltiing or Iceland may curing of fish, without paying any; duty for the same, such salt take salt for being weighed at the salt pit or salt works in the prefenee of an curing of fish officer for the duties upon salt, and being lodged in a warehouse^lpay* under the lock and key of the said officer, as west as of the proprietor of the said salt; which fair, so lodged as aforesaid, shall remain in the custody of the said officer, jointly with the said proprietor, until the same shall be delivered put to be put on board the filling vessel, and so from time to time on each succeeding voyage; and upon the return of such vessel from, the Salt not used filling voyage, the whole of the salt in such vessel, which shall to be returned not have been used under the authority of this act, in the salt ware" ing or curing of fish as aforesaid, shall again be lodged under the like gustody as. aforesaid, the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, entering, at the next office for the duty on salt, the respective quantities of british salt so lodged by him qr them from time to time as aforesaid, and the said officer keeping n account of every respective quantity of the 1

said salt so entered and lodged in his custody as aforesaid; and Previous to that previous to every filling voyage, the proprietor or pro every voyage, prietors of the said salt, or his or their agent or agents, shall ofcfaltmvend* make oath in writing, before the officer for the duty on salt, at ed for curing the office nearest to the place where the said salt, is lodged, de fish, to make daring the quantity of the salt lodged as aforesaid, and that all oath ^tlle the said salt is intended for the curing of fish to be caught at {^ged^etc^ the north leas, or at Iceland and shall not, by his or their, order, consent, or connivance, di redly or indirectly, be sold, given away, or any ways delivered but far the purpose aforesaid

which oath, so made as aforesaid, and filed up by the said officer, in the said office, the officer, in the joint custody of whom, and of the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, the salt has continued during the interval of the fishing voyage, shall deliver into the foie custody of the said proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, all the said salt for the curing of fish to be taken during the, said filling voyage; and that, at the end of every filling voyage, the officer for the said' t4 duty

ing the quantity of fish entered, etc.

£86 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. gi

ddty on salt shall take a particular account of the quantity of salt remaining in hand, which remaining salt shall be immedr* ately locked up hi the joint bustody of the said officer and proprietor or proprietor?, his or their agent or agents, as afore at the end. arl({ said proprietor or proprietors, his or rheir agent or deliver a writ tifing the said salt, shall, as soon as possible, after the

ten account bt\a of every fishing voyage, deliver an account in writing into to the salt of the said office for the duty on salt, specifying the quantity of fice, specify fish entered with the proper officer or officers of the port or ppfrts where fitch fish was landed in the curing or falling bf Which any of the salt taken away, after its delivery into the sole eoftfidy of the said proprietor or proprietors his or their agent or agents, ha been used or confuted, together with a centifteite bt cdrtifieates from the proper officer or officers of the port or ports where the fold fish were so entered, verifying the said account; which certificate or certificates such officer or officers is and are hereby directed to give gratis, and which said account delivered into the office as aforesaid, shall be affirmed by the oath of the said proprietor or proprietors, his or their agferit or agents ufiftg the said salt, and shall remain in the said office to the end that the quantity of fish felted or cured and entered and the quantity of salt used in faking of Curing the same, may; from time to time, appear upon oath, and be compared together; and in case any of the said salt shall be delivered over to any other person or persons, to be by hirri of them used in fairing or curing of fish, the quantity or quantities of salt so delivered over shall be expressed in the said account; and each person to whom such salt shall be so delivered dr his

__________ agent, shall likewise, upon oath make another account of the

anjiccount of particular quantity of such salt used by each of them in the salt the quantity ing or curing of fish; which account, together with the propel certificates, as aforesaid, shall likewise be transmitted into the office aforesaid; there to remain, for the purposes abovementioned; and if such proprietor, or his agent or any other person or persons to whom any quantity of salt shall be delivered over as aforesaid, shall for the space of six months after the end of every respective fishing season, refuse or neglect to deliver such account, attested upon oath, as aforesaid, such bn penalty of proprietor or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit isol. the sum of one hundred pounds.

restrictions

VIII. Provided always, and be it fartherenatfed, That no part on delivering of fajt so shipped as aforesaid shall be afterwards reshipped or out a tat ea. delivered out at seato any person or persons, save only irr the north feasor at Iceland, and to British subjects belonging to fishing vessels which shall have been regularly cleared out of a British port; and that so often as any salt shall be so delivered out as aforesaid, the owner or matter of the vessel from whence the same shall be reshipped, shall make and subscribe an oath before the eolle&or or comptroller of the port of his out fit, specifying the quantity delivered, and the names of the vessels on board of which the said salt shall have been shipped, and t

the

Every person receiving salt as aforesaid, shall deliver

used in each voyage.

i Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65^ z$g

the owner and matter thereof, and the place of her out fit, tfr the intent that, if both vessels shall not have been cleared outwards from one ihd the same port, the respective collectors or comptrollers of the several ports of clearance of such vessels may be duly informed, by each other, of the circumstances of the case, and which they are hereby expressly required, from time to time, to communicate to each other forthwith; and also to the intent that the federal owners or matters, through whose hands any of such salt shall pass, may be charged with and called upon, at the ports of their respective out sits, to account upon oath for the due consumption of the same in the fairing or curing of fish; and the like rule and regulation shall be, and are hereby enacted and established, for the due accounting for the said salt through whosesoever hands the same shall or may }>afs at sea.

11

IX. Provided also and be it further enacted and declared,

That no bounty whatsoever shall be paid or allowed upon the No bounty to Exportation of any cod, ling, Hake, or other fish, which shall be paid on be brought or imported into Great Britain from Iceland or the exportation the north seas, any a<tt or Statute to the contrary notwithstand broucht^nim tng: afrd, to the intent that no such bounty may be allowed, the north all such cod, ling, or other fish, so imported as aforesaid, shall, seas, etc. on the landing thereof, and before the same shall be removed from shore, have part of the tail cut off in the presence of the collector or comptroller of the port, that it may be known that the owner or owners of the fish so marked are not entitled, in respedb thereof, to any bounty on the exportation of the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as ciauferete miy salt shall have been so reshipped at sea, and the eonfump tive to salt tien thereof duly accounted for as aforesaid, the collector or reshipped at comptroller, before whom the account thereof shall be taken,* shall grant a certificate of the Xante, under his hand, gratis directed to the collector or comptroller of the port at Which the said salt was originally Chipped*which certificate, being produced by the person who so shipped the salt, shall be admitted

proof of such consumption, and entitle such person to credit for the same upon his account; but no such certificate shall be available, or admitted as proof of the due consumption of any salt pretended to have been reshipped or delivered over at sea, vnless such certificate shall be delivered to the collector Or comptroller of the port where the said salt was originally fhtp ped, within the space of six calendar months next after the return to port of the buss or veffd on board of which the salt was so originally shipped as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That for every bushel of salt, penaltyocuot so as aforesaid taken out of the salt Works or warehouse, which accounting shall Hot be accounted for in the manner abovementioned, or for fej* taken by certificate from the justices of the peace at their quarter fef teat fions, that proof was there made that such salt was put on board

?ny boat or reffel for felting or curing of fish at Tea and was

there

282 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. [1785.

there taken by enemies, or otherwise joft or periffied at ft a, or shall not be returned into or found remaining, at the end of every filling voyage, in the warehouse as aforesaid, the proprir ctor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent or agents, who tofik oit the same, shall, according to the quantity or respective qhahtities for. which: he or they mall stand accountable, forfeit Penalty on and pay the sum of twenty Shillings; and every such person felj persona fell Jng, giving away, using, or delivering any such (alt, or coning of such feihting> or being anyway priy, to the selling, giving away,

salt using or delivering such felt, directly or indirectly, otherwise.

than for the purposes and to the persons aforesaid, shall forfeit, pay, and undergo the penalties and puniftunents herein aftec mentioned 5 (that is, to say),

Every proprietor of such salt, or his agent, for every bushe! of such salt so sold, given away, used or delivered, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings:

And every other person, buying, taking, or using any such salt, otherwise than for the purpose and in the manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings for every bushel V of salt so bought, delivered, or used $ after that rate for a

Jess quantity,

Penalty on

XII. And be it further enacted, That, for every bushel of proprietor for fajf f0 lodged, which shall either be carried away, or be found wantin^at re wa^ting> itthe redelivering thereof into the foie custody of the delivering proprietor thereof as aforesaid, reasonable allowance for the thereof, waste of such salt being first made, the said proprietor shall forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings, to he applied and recovered as > herein after mentioned.:

Penalty on

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, every person whd embezzling shall unlawfully take away, embezzle, or misapply, any British after^an ied after it is weighed and Carried from any salt work or salt from the^pit, pit in Great Britain in order to its being cellared and locked etc. for cur up for the curing or salting of fish, and beforedt is brought urtr ing fiqi. to, and locked up in any cellar or.storehouse by the proprietor and the officer for the salt duties, directed by, this act, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every bqfhel of British salt so unlawfully taken away, embezzled, or misapplied, reckoning such British salt at fifty six pounds weight to the bushel, and foin proportion for a less. quantity.

Penalties and

XIV. And be it further enacted, Tfiat all penalties and for forfeitures feitqres given by this act shall be distributed in manner follpw ch^red^and6 5 (that isto % )> one mo^ety thereof to his Majesty, his applied. heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same; and shall be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner and form, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any law of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor o matlon.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66* a 8$

tjnation, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster'

And be it further enacted, Thetis aftyperson or per. Limitation of fbns shall happen to be sued or prosecuted for anything by him actions.

or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, such person

[General issue.]

or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give this

a dt, and the special matter in evidence; and if upon trial a verdict

shall pass for the defendant or defendants; or if the plains

tiff or plaintiffs rtiall become nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear

pfofecuring such action or actions, then such defendant or defendants

[Double costs.]

shall be entitled to double, costs against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like Temedy

as a defendant can have in any case where costs are given him

by law. X

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Not to affect thing in this act contained shall extend, or be implied or con the powers strued to extend, to repeal or alter any act or acts now in force, |^ts fore or any of the elaufes or provisions therein contained, or to take gating the away, abridge lessen, or affect any of the powers or authorities fr^ode to be th'ereby'given or granted respectively, for settling or regulating observed in the mode or course to be observed in fitting out for any fishery,

or clearance outwards, or entry inwards, or the discharge of etc. ery> any buss or fishing vessel, or in cellaring, securing, shipping, re shipping, or re landing any salt to be used for the salting or curing of fish, or in fishing for, catching, faking, curing, flowing, landing, removing, marking, or exporting any fish whatsoever, or in the payment of allowance of any bounties thereby resppdtively granted on the tonnage or burden of any buss or vessel, or on any fish to be exported; save only and except so Exception, far as any such act or acts, or the clauses, provssions, powers, or authorities therein contained or granted, are specifically or expressly repealed, revoked, aitered, or controlled, by this pre; actor repugnant to any of the provisions herein contains ed; but that all and Angular the said former acts, and the bounties thereby granted, and the several rules, regulations powers and authorities, therein contained or granted, and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred, or thereby inflicted or provided for any breach or non observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue tin the same force, and effect as if this act had not been made, anything herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding

A P. LXVI

An act to explain and amend an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain rates and/duties upon bricks and files made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain

rates

84 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. [1785.

Recital of rates, and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain \ part of i4 and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported Gcq, j. C 34* into the same), it was wasted. That if any per sin at persons, who Should make any bricks or tiles chargeable with the aid duties, Should remove, carry, or or eause or fiffir to he removed, rtfr

rtvd, or sent away, \ any iritis or tiles to the kiln, clamp, or other place for burning, from or out of the field, Shed, or other place where they Should befirst put or placed to dry or harden, after being turned out of the mould, and before the proper officer of excise Should have taken an account thereof, and charged the duties thereupon, he, she, or they Should forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the pojjiffton of any brukmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brick shaker or tilemaker, or trader, or dealer therein, Should be forfeited, and might be fiized, or the value thereof: and it was alfi enabled. That all and every person and persons, making any bricks or tiles as of oresaid, Should, from time to time, keep such and fa many of the said bricks and tiles, as Should net have been surveyed and taken an account of by the proper officers in that behalf, [separate and apart from all other bricks and tiles which Should have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officers, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect or default therein, the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas the said provisions have been found inconvenient \ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho from Aug. i, rity of the same. That, from and after the first day of August, 178s* there one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said herein ons repealed ore recited provisions shall be, and the same are hereby re p'pealed.

Makers who -

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from shall remove and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hun to the kiln 8 arm 8kty'hve, if any person or persons, who shall make before the WJ bricks or tues chargeable with the said duties by the said act

officer has imposed; remove, carry, or send away, or cause or suffer

charged the $0 be removed, carried, or sent away, any bricks or tiles to the forfdt*the damp, or other place for burning, from or out of the same, and also fidd, filed, or other place where they shall be put or placed to 50l. dry or harden, and before the proper officer of excise shall have

taken an account thereof, and charged the duties thereupon, he, she, or they shah forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the possession of any brickmaker, tilemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, or the value thereof, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the seizer or informer. r

ISLAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. v.€6.

That all and every person and persons, making any bricks or Brick and tilts as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep such and so tiles not fur many of the said bricks atfd tiles, as shall not have been fury, e?e<l>etc^veyed and charged by the proper officers in that behalf fepa officer be rate and apart from all other bricks and tiles, which shall have kept separate been surveyed and charged by such officers, on pain to forfeit, fromotheis. for every neglect or default therein, the sum of fifty pounds

IV. And whereas the makers if brisks and tiles do sometimes place their bricks and tiles, while the same are in the operation of drying or hardening, in irregular and tinvjual rows or pofttms, on purpose to make it difficult for the officer ofemfi to take an account of the same be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From Aug. i, after the said first day of Augustt one thousand seven hundred J, al and eighty-five, every maker of bricks or tiles shall, while the bricks or tiles shall be in the operation of drying or hardening, so placed that in the field, shed, or other place where the same shall be made the officer or prepared, after being turned out of the mould, place or dismay easily pose such bricks and tiles, or cause the same to be placed ornf. disposed, in such manner and form as that the officer of excise 9

who shall survey such bricks may easily and securely take ah account thereof; and if any maker of bricks and tiles (halt, front and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, place and dispose, or Cause to be placed or disposed, such bricks or tiles, while the same shall be in the operation of drying or hardening, in the field, Ihed, or other place where the lame shall be made or prepared, after being turned out of the moulds, in any irregular and unufoal manner, with intfent to make it difficult or unsafe for the officer of excifti to take an account thereof, every such maker of bricks dr tiles shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the Turn of fifty on penalty pounds. f s01-

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures inflidied by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied. Of mitigated by such ways, forfeitures means, and methods, as any fine, penalty; or forfeiture, is 6r cohered anct" may be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, fey any law applied of laws of excise, or by'action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wtjltninjlet, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectrvdy; and that one moiety of every Well fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty; his heirs and successors, add the other moiety to him or them Who shall distover, inform, of sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any aftfon or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation any person or persons, for anything by him or theta; done iti of actions pursuance of this act, or the said act made in the list session of parliament, such action or suit shall be commenced vritblh three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in tucft a&ibftor mit may plead the general issue, and give this act: and General issue. the special niartft* In evidence, at any trial tabe had thereupon;

and

[Treble costs.]

[Preamble,

From Aug. i, 1785, no person to put on board any vessel, for exportation, any tool, etc. in the act specified,

Aim yafcfefinio tjmftto. gog if Ilf. e.

[1785.

and, if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nqnsuited, or discontinue his, her, of their adlioni or prosecution, or judgement shall he'given against him, her, of them; upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXVII.

Ah dfito prohibit the exportation to foreign parts, of tools and uteh*

'ftu made use of in the iron andfeel manufactures of this kingdom; and to present the [educing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures^to go into parts beyond the seas -

the exportation of the several tools and utensili made use of ip preparing, working up, and finishing, the irort andfeel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, will enable fpreignen to work up such manufactures, and thereby greatly diminish the exportation of the same from this kingdom; therefore, for the preferyingv's much as possible, to his majesty's subjects the benefits anting from those great and yaluable branches of trade and commerce, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of tfye lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if, at any timd after the first day of Augujiy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, any person or persons in Great Britain shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, export, load, or put on, board, or pack, or cause or procure to be loaden, put on board, or paeked, in qrder to be loaded or put on board of any ship or vessel which shall be bqund to some port or place in parts beyond the seas (except to Irelandf), or, shall lade, or cause, or procure to be laden on board any boat or other vessel, or shall bring, or cause to be brought, to any quay, wharf, or other place, in order to be so laden or put on board any such ship or vessel, any tool or utenfif hereafter mentioned; that is to say, hand damps, dog head (lamps, pulley (lamps, (lamps of all sorts, hammers and anvils for (lamps, ferews for damps, iron rods for" (lamps, presses of all fqrts, in iron, steel, or other metal, which are used for giving impressions to metal, or any parts of these several articles; presses of all sorts called Cutting'out Presses, beck and punches to be used therewith; piercing presses of all sorts, beds and punches to be used therewith, either in parts or pieces, or fitted together; iron or steel dies to be used in stamps or presses either with or without impressions on them; rollers of cast iron, wrought iron, or steel, for rolling of metal, and frames for the same; stalks or caftiqg moulds, and boards, used therewith; lathes of all sorts for turning, burnishing, polishing, either the whole together, or separate parts thereof; lathe firings, policing brushes, fcoring or (hading engines, presses for horn buttons.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 67i 2 87

tonnes, dies for horn ibuttohs, (heers for cutting of metal, rolled steel', rolled metal with silver thereon, parts of buttons not fitted up into buttons or in an uofiniftied state; engines for chasing, flocks for calling buckles, buttons, and rings; cast iron anvils and hammers for forging mills for iron and copper j roles, flitters, beds, pillars and frames for slitting mills; die*sinking tools of all sorts, engines for making button (hanks, laps of all sorts, drilling engines, tools for pinching of glass, engines for covering of whips, polishing brusties, bars of metal covered with gold or silver, iron or steel screw plates, pins, and flocks for making screws or any other, tool or utensil whatsoever, which now are, is or at any time or times hereafter shall or may be used in, or proper for the preparing, working, finifti ing, or completing of the iron or steel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, by what name or names soever the same shall be called or known, or any model or plan, or models or plans, of any such tool, utensil, or implement, pr any part or parts thereof; the perform or persons so offending bn penalty p€ shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit and lose all such [?r'cltlf, re tools or utensils, or parts or parcels thereof, together with the*eieo*packages, and all other goods packed therewith if any such there be, and complaint being made, upon the oath of one or

more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice. or justices of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace to issue his or their warrant or warrants to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county, city, riding, division, liberty, Shire, fstewartry, or place; and if, when such person or persons shall be brought and if the of before such justice or justices, he,(he, or they shall not give such an account of the use or purpose to which such tools, fa^igfactory utensils or implements, and part or parts thereof, and all such account be mpdel pr pl^n, models or plans, and part or parts thereof are fore the ma intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to thejiff he,

tice or justices before whom he, she, or they shall; be brought Jo appear at as aforesaid and in such oafe* it shall and may be jawfipl the next acto and for such justice or justices to bind the person or persons sizes, etc.*so charged to appear at the next assizes, general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, city, ricling, division, stewartry, or pl^ce, where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable Sureties for his, her, or their appearance; and In cafer such person or ersons shall refuse or neglect to give such Security, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such'justice or justices to commit the person or persons farefufing to the common gaol, or house of orbecom correction, thejje to be kept until; the next affixes, or next nutted for quarter sessions of the county, 'city, riding, division, tnal* stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and Penalty on in case any Cuph person or persons shall: be convicted of any of conviction, ? the offence, aforesaid, upon any indictment or information ->

against'

af&o vicesimo qulhto gfiojtgtillf. C 6j. [iy$$

against hirti, her, or them, at fifoh affizesbr quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, the pel fan or persons so offending hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fam of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall also faffcr imprisonment, in the common gaol, prison, or house of oorrection, of the county, city, riding, di vision, liberty, Shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offertdtr or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of twelve months, without bail or main prie, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From Aug. i, Thftt, from and after the said first day of, one thousand of8the°cuf rs even hundred and eighty-five, it shall and may be lawful to toms^ofeize and for any officer of his majesty's customs in Great

all such tools, and they ate hereby required to seize and secure, in (bme or etc. laid, or one of his majesty's warehouses, all such tools, utensils, or intended to be implements, or part or parts thereof 5 and all and every fuel! spy "outward m<x*e* or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, as bound vei0$j such officer shall find or discover to be laid or put on board, or intended to be laid or put on board, of any ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be bound to some port or place in parts beyond the leas, (except to Ireland), contrary to the true Intent and mean such goods to ing of this act, together with the packages, and all other goods be sold. packed therewith, (if any such there be), and they are hereby indemnified in so doing; and all tools, utensils, and implements, or part or parts thereof, 'model Or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after condemnation thereof in due course of law, see publicly sold to the hest bidder, by order of the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain respectively; and one moiety of the produce arising by the sale thereof, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and tyre other mdiety to the officer who shall seize and prosecute the same as aforesaid'.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty n That, from and after the said first day of Aaghft, one thousand matter of seven hundred and eighty-five, if the captain or mailer of any Ml oenuit Ship, vessel, of boat, in Great Brhain, shall knowingly or dean y such hgnedly permit or firtfer any tool, otenfil, or implement, Or

tools, etc. to part or parts thereof, or any model or plan, or part or parts

be put on thereof, by this act prohibited to be exported' as aforesaid, to

hoard. be put on board his said ship, Vessel, or boat, every such captain

or mailer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the fuen of two hundred pounds; and if the said ship, vessel, or boat, hall.

to his Majesty, his heirs or foeeessors, then tyre captain or mallei thereof shall not only forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, but shall also forfeit his employment, and see incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Pehrtty on IT. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, customs uk that if any customer, comptroller, funreyor, fcarcher, waiter.

\ $89

qr qt^fc officer of jfe?>§ufesi#jfl Great, £haty take, or ing any entry

krv?^iflgly sr willingly j: a e tajkon, any entry oujtvyand, outwards, etc.

grk signany cpcquet, warrant, pr jfufferaace, for the liip for such tools

ping or exporting of any of jthp laid tools, utensils, or imple or u en 18*

qajenjs* pr any papt pr pas thereof, or any of the said models

pr plans, or any part or parjs thereof, by this act prohibited to

]pd exported, pr shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true

intent and meaning of this atft; every such cdftomer, comp r

t roller, surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer of the cust

tonne oi Great Britain shall, for every such offence, forfeit the

sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also forfeit his office,

and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs orfurcessors,

V. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid,

f hat, from and after Lthe said first day of August one thousancj From aitg. i, ^evephundred and eighty-five, if any person or persons hath or I7 % $' ap?. slave ip his, her, pr their custody, power, or pofteffipn, or shall fnpofiession^ cplleds, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be any such tool, made, any such tool, utensil, or implement, or any part or utenfii, etc. parts thereof, pr any such model or plan, models or plans, or toex^ort^he part or parts thereof as aforesaid, with intent to export, or that f^efany 16 the same may be exported out of Great Britain to any part or justice may pl^ce beyond the seas, (except to Ireland and complaint being issue his war made, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or wit hereof' nesses, before any justice. or justices of the peace, that there is bringing reason to believe such person or persons hath or have in his, such person lier, or their custody, power, or possession, or hath or have before him; collected, obtained, made, applied for, or'caused or procured to be made, any such tool, utenfd, or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any such model or plan, or models or plans, or part or parts thereof as aforesaid, with intent to export, or (

that the same may be exported to some other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices of the peace to issue his or their warrant or warrants to seize all such tools, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and, all fqch models pr plans, or part or parts thereof as aforesaid, and to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his majesty's justices of the peace, for the same county, city, riding, division, Shire, flew artry, or place; and if such person or persons shall not give and if he half such an account of the use or purpose to which such tools, n.°£*ive a utensils, or implements, or part or parts, models or plans, cou^t there" or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be ap of, such tools, propriated, as shall be satisfactory to the justice or justices etc. may be before whom he, she, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, detained, and' then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and boanffoverta for such justice or justices to cause all such tools, utensils, or appear at the implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plans, or next assizes, t part or parts thereof, which shall have been so seized as afore et laid, to be detained, and also to bind the person or persons so

You XXXV

U

L

or may be committed.

Penalty in case of conviction.

Penalty on per tonnes enticing artificers in the iron or steel manufactures, etc. to leave this kingdom, (except to Irttyid):

for first offence, 5001. and twelve month im jprisonment}

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 67, [1785.

charged to appear at the next assizes, general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, division, Shire, stewartry, or place, where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable sureties for his, her, or their appearance p and in case such person or persons shall refuse or neglect to give such security, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons to the county gaol, prison, or house of correction, there to remain until the next assizes, or quarter sessions of the county, city, riding, division, liberty, stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or ersons shall be convicted, upon any indictment or information against him, her, or them, at such assizes or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, of having in his, her, or their custody, power, or possession, or of having collected obtained, made, applied for, or caused or procured to be made, any such tool, utensil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with such intent as aforesaid, then, and in such case, the person or persons so convicted shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose all such tools, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models of plans, or part or parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall suffer imprisonment in the common gaol of the county, city, riding, division, Shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offender or offenders respectively shall be committed, for the space of twelvemonths, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

VI. And whereas, for the encouraging of such manufactories in this kingdom, it is necessary that provifeon Should be made to prevent artificers, and others employed therein, from departing, or from being seduced to depart out of this kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if any person or persons shall contract with, entice, persuade, or endeavour to seduce or encourage, any artificer or workman concerned or employed, or who shall have worked at, or been employed in heiron or steel manufactures in this kingdom, or in making or preparing any tools or utensils for such manufactory, to go out of Great Britain to any parts beyond the seas (except to Ireland), and shall be convicted thereof, upon indictment or information in the court of king's bench at Westminster, or by indictment at the assizes, or general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions for the county or place wherein such offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders shall live or reside, or by indictment in the court of justiciary, or any of the circuit courts in Scotland, as the case may be 5 every person so convicted shall, for every artificer so contracted with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged, or seduced, or attempted so to be, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful

money

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinta Georgii III. c. 68. ig t

money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the common gaol for the county, place, or stewartry, wherein the offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of twelve calendar months, and until such forfeiture shall be paid; and in case of a subsequent offence Second, etc. of the same kind, the person or persons so again offending shall, 1000l. and upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for every person so contracted with, enticed, persuacted, encouraged or fedueed, or meat attempted so to be, the sum of one thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall be committed to the edm ttion gaol as aforesaid, there to^remain, without bail or main jtfizfe, for and during the term of two years, and until such forfeiture shall be paid.

Vtl. Provided always, That no person shall be prosecuted Prosecution for any of the offences aforesaid, unless such prosecution shall to be comb commenced within the space of twelve calendar months next after such offence shall be committed

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures, herein Penalties and before mentioned, shall and may be sued for and recovered by forfeitures action of debt, bill, plaint; or information, in any of his Ma ^ovlred and jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exche applied, quer, or in the court of session in Scotland, in thfe name of his majesty's attorney general, or lord advocate, or in the name

of some officer or officers of the customs in Great Britain respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one moiety of the said penalties and forfeitures shall go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such officer or officers <jf the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same respectivelyr after deducting the charges of prosecution from the whole;

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

if any suit or action shall be commenced against any per Limitation of son for what he shall do in pursuance of this at, such suit or actions. action shall be commenced within three months next after the

fact committed; and the person so sued may file common bail,

[General issue.]

or enter a common appearance, and plead the general issue not

guilty, and may give this act and the special matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonfult, of suffer

discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him or her, or if,

upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff,

[Treble costs.]

the defendant shall recover treble costs;

LXVIII

An act for appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom. — The act of 24 Geo. 3. c. 13. and former acts, continued till one year after July 21, St in the same manner as before.

1

2gz

[Preamble.]

17 Geo. 3. c. 39.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6g. [ij8§j

CAP. LXIX.

An act to repeal the duties upon flajks in which Florence wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation of wines in fmdll casks for private use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; for disallowing the drawback on the exportation of fnujf, for continuing the permission to land rum or spirits of the British ftigar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise; for reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitchy tar, and turpentine, from East Florida, into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of ftik gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of rawftlk.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled) An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned 5 and for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons, and bodies politic and corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate; it was, amongst other things, enacted, That there Should be raised levied, collected, and paid) unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucc^ffors) the several rates and duties therein expressed, upon all glass imported and brought into the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited act) p ajfed in the seventeenth year of his ma jeftfs reign so far as the same relates to charging the flajks only, in which wine and oil have been usually imported, with the said duties 3 be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From Aug. 1, by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day dut5onfklks °* ^ugufl) one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said in which Flo recited so far as the same relates to charging duties upon rence wine, the flasks only in which wine or oil, of the growth of the do etc. is im minions of the great duke of Tvfcany^ shall be imported, shall ported, re be and is hereby repealed; and the said duties upon such flasks pea ed* shall cease determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And whereas by an act of parliament) made in the eighteenth Recital of 18 year of the reign of his present Majesty) (entitled, An act for Geo. 3. C7. granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom), it was) amongst other things) enacted, That no wines of the growth or produce of any part of the dominions belonging to the crown of Spain or Portugal, and

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. cg. 29$

that no French wines should be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any jmailer vessel. or cask than what is commonly called an Hogshead, in which such wines have been usually imported, upon forfeiture of all such wines as Should be imported contrary to the said act, together with the casks and other package containing the same, (except as therein after was provided): and whereas by the said act it was provided, That any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in smaller casks than as therein before limited, without fraud or concealment, for private use, and not by way of merchandise, anything in the said act, or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas, by 23 Geo. 3. cji an act of parliament made in the twenty-third year of the reign of11 his present Majesty, it was enacted, That the said proviso in the said recited act, so far as the same relates to Ponugal V Spanish wines, or any other wines, except French wines, shall be repealed and made void: and whereas it is and may be expedient to permit Spanish and Portugal wines, and other wines, to be imported in small casks and other vessels for private use, under certain restrictions\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after From Aug. r, the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty^in case it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland small casks respectively, that any Spanish or Portugal wines, or any other for private, wines, shall be imported into Great Britain, without fraud or concealment, in any smaller vessel or cask than what is commonly called an Hogshead, for the private use of the persons so importing the same, and not by way of merchandise, that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective of, or any three or more of them, if they think proper, to admit such wine to an entry, and cause the duties to be accepted instead of the forfeiture thereof; anything in the said last recited act, or any other act, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore So much of said, That so much of an act made in the sixteenth year of the 16 Geo. 3. C reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for allowing the 37* exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, and to the if and of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majestfs orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles), as relates to as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and the exporta other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first day of January, one thou fucrar

sand seven hundred and seventy seven, and which, by several colonies, 0 acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, 'twentieth, twenty first, twenty second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was continued

U 3 until

2gj Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. gi [1785.

until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and revived) and eighty-five, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be rein force until vived> and the faroe s hereby revived, and shall continue in full jmtey i, 1786) force and untd day Gne thousand seven

C*and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the then

next feljion of parliament.

j from the

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

idpto^via^'8 pan a untd day°f one thousand fe

1786°wheat* ven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the end of the C may jbe'* then next session of parliament it shall and may be lawful to exported from ship and export from the port of Lancaster, to his majesty's fu thenfufter to ar co^on'es n for the sustenance and use of the inha

loniesf^C hi cants of the said colonies, any quantity of wheat, wheat flour,

4'bread, biscuit, and meal, not exceeding in the whole ten thousand quarters, in like manner, and under the same regulations and restrictions, as if the same had been allowed to be exported by the said recited adfc of the sixteenth year of his present majesty's reign" " ________

'And, for the letter preventing of fraudulent practises in the mixing of snuff with other materials, or with other fluff which has been elandefl indy imported into this kingdom, and run on shore without payment of duty, and entering the same outwards for exportation, to obtain a drawback of the duties thereon, and privately relanding the same in Great Britain, to the diminution of the public revenue, and detriment of the fair trader, be it further enacted by the aur drawback thority aforesaid, That no drawback shall be paid or allowed, to be allowed for any sort of snuff which, from and after the first day of au ported after one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be ex

Aug, r, 1785. ported, or entered for exportation, from this kingdom, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

So much of

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 15 and 16 That so much of an act, made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Geo. ic. 2, 5. years of tjle reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act to empower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations to land the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expense; and for the relief of Ralph bar row, in respect to the duty on same rock salt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane), as relates to the landing of rum ache rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment fore payment of the duties of excif^, and to the lodging of the same in ware. of excise du houses at the expense of the importers or proprietors thereof, Jie, efc. which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffior* of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, of the twenty-third and thirty first years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and nineteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 69.9$

eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby farther conti continued to nued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day f September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the proprietor or proprietors, importer or im Directions reporters, of such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or ma lative to en nufacture of the British sugar plantations, within thirty days terin£ fu next after the master or purser, for that voyage, of the ship or fodgitfg it in vessel wherein the said rum or spirits of the british fqgar plan warehouses. tations shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, shall have, or ought to have made a just and true entry or report, upon oath, of the burden, contents, and loading of such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of the Statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majestfs customs, shall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excise, in the port or place where such rum or spirits, as aforesaid, shall be imported,

of all such rum or spirits on board of such ship or vessel belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers; and shall, within the said thirty days, land the $ same, and put the same into such warehouse or warehouses, and give such security for the due payment of the duties of excise, as is or are directed by the said act of the fifteenth m.d. sixteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, on pain, fqr every neglect or refusal to make due entry, or to land the same, and put the same into such warehouse or warehouses, and to give such security for the due payment of the duties of excise within the said thirty days, to forfeit all such rum or spirits, with the casks and packages wherein the same shall be contained, belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers of the same so neglecting or refusing, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the excise.

VIII. And whereas by an act passed in the second year of the Recital of reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act* Geo. %, ot for the better preservation of his majesty's woods in America, 35* and for the encouragement of the importation of naval (lores from thence; and to encourage the importation of mails, yards, and bowsprits, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland $ certain premiums, for the encouragement of the planters in the british plantations in America to send naval [lores to Great Britain, were granted upon the importation thereof for a limited time; which premiums, by several subsequent acts of parliament, were continued to the end of the session of parliament in one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: and whereas considerable quantities of turpentine, pitch, and tar, have been prepared by the proprietors of plantations and lands in East Florida, for the purpose of importing the same into Great Britain, under an expectation of receiving the like premiums, and same part of fitch turpentine, pitch and tar, has betnfe imported

V 4 - few

V*Anno vicesimo quinta geor<hi IIE CI [tyigpi

into Great Britain; but, for want of an act of parliament tofurtbev C continue the granting such premiums, the importer thereof are notj

bp taw, Entitled to] iior can be allowed the same, without the inter jerence of parliament, and other part of such turpentine, pitch rndtart, is expected hereafter to arrive: and whereas it is just and expedient that the premiums heretofore granted upon the importation of pitch, tar, land*' turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain, Should be revived

and continued, for a limited time, from the expiration of the session of parliament in one thousand seven hundred and eighty two: it The premi therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the; several hriborfa°i?on^pr6r*>iums or bounties upon turpentine, pitch, and tar' granted of turpentine, by the said recited act passed in the second year of the reign of etc. from East his late Majesty, and continued, by several subsequent acts, t Florida re the twenty-fourth day of June, one thbufarrd seven hundred continued to ?nc eighty one, and from thence to the end of the then next Dec. 25, 1785. session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, 'and continued from the said period, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five. —

IX. And whereas, byreason of the cession East Florida to the

___.__________ crown (T' Spain, several of the civil officers therein, whose duty it

was to certify that such naval Jlores, exported from thence to Great Britain, were of the growth and produce of East Florida, may have removed therefrom, or may have omitted to give the usual certificates whereby it is impracticable for the planters, or agents of proprietors resident in Great Britain, to obtain such certificates as were formerly Clauserelative required; be it therefore enacted, That the of of hri th^bount'^ Majesty V navy shall, and they are hereby authorised and ree

oun les. ^ired to allow the said bounties upon the turpentine, pkchj and tar, imported and to be imported as aforesaid, before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; provided the importer or importers shall make oath that, to the befi of their knowledge and belief, the turpentine, pitch, and tar, mentioned in their affidavit, were and are of the growth and' produce of East Florida, and Were ftupped from thence, and imported into and landed at same port in Great Britain, mentioning the time and place when and where " the same were so landed.

Penalty on X And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons obtaining the shall have knowingly imported, or shall knowingly import from tuwmiive 'East Florida any turpentine pitch, or tar, which shall not be of etc, not the the growth and produce of East Florida, and shall thereupon / produce of obtain the benefit of this act, such person or persons so offend

East Florida, fog shall be liable to all the penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury, and be prosecuted by his majesty's attorney general for the same.

Recital of

XI. And whereas by an act, made in the last session of parliament, 34 Geo. C entitled. An act for granting additional duties upon raw and 49* thrown silk imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported

from Great Britain, into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of silks, and stuffs mixed with silk, it is enacted, That, over and above the former bounties

allowed

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 70. &gjr

burntd on thr'exportation of the several articles therein specifod*

'amtigfl federal other articles therein enumerated, there shall be allowed and paid to the exporter thereof sir all ribbons and stuffs of? silk except gauzes, made in Great Britain, the sum of two Billings for every pound weight avoirdupois: and whereas it is expedient, to 'encourage the silk manufactures in this kingdom, that a bounty Should be allowed upon the exportation of silk gauzes into foreign parts; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of Au Prom Aug. r, £«/?, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the same 1785, a boun bounty shall be allowed and paid upon the exportation of to be al" gauzes made of silk only in Great Britain, as is allowed and h^exiwta paid, by the said recited act, upon the exportation of ribbons tien of silk and stuffs of silk, in the same manner as if gauzes had not been gauzes; excepted therein, anything in the said recited atto the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand and a draw seven hundred and eighty-five, the duty imposed upon raw silk, back upon the by an made in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting additional duties upon raw and thrown silk imported into Great Britain and upon lead exported from Great Britain into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a drawback upon the expor iation of silks and stuffs mixed with silk, shall be drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such raw silk to any part of ieurope (except the Isle of Man, and the islands of Faro or Ferro) under such rules, ways, and methods, as the duty of customs upon foreign goods is allowed to be drawn back and rbpaid upon exportation, except where any alteration is made by this at'

'Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by i the authority aforesaid, That the said drawback shall not be The draw paid, in any case, until a certificate shall be produced, tb the back not to be collector and comptroller of the customs at the port from ah°wed until whence such silk was exported, under the hand and official seal tificatebe^" of a British constil residing at the port or place for which such produced to silk was entered for exportation, certifying that such silk was the officer, landed there; and in case there shall not be any British consul resident at such place, then upon the like certificate, under the hand and official seal of the chief magistrate for and resident at such place.

CAP. LXX.

An act to rectify a miflale in an act passed in this present session of parliament, entitled, An act to repeal the duties on male servants; and for granting new duties on male and female servants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an afi9 made in this present session of par

r liament9 entitled, An act to repeal the duties on malb Recital of # servants; and for, gran ting new duties on male and female fer £.43 vants, it is enacted, That every person who shall have living in theiression' V ', houses

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 71, 72. [1785.

houses two or more lawful children or grand childrens under the age of fourteen years, hall, in respect of every two such lawful children or grand children, be exempted from the payment of the duties by the f said act imposed for one female servant \ is to say, If any person having two such lawful children or grand children Jbatt have one female servant, and not more, he or he shall be wholly Exempted from the duty thereby imposed; if any person having four such lawful children or grand children, jhau have two female servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one female servant, at the same rate as if he or fbe retained only one female servant, and m more, and foin proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty, in the manner therein before provided, for every two such children or grand children: and whereas it was intended that all persons Should be exempted from the payment of the duties by the said act imposed, in respect of one female servant, and no more for every two lawful children or grand children, living in their houses, under the age of fourteen years; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parriament ^flembled, and by the authority of the Persons hav same, That every person, who shall have living in their houses ing children two or more lawful children or grand children, under the age children to f°urteen years, shall in respect t>f every two such lawful be exempted children or grand children, be exempted from the payment of the payment for duties by the said act imposed for one female servant; that is to one female say, If any person, having two such lawful children or grand children, shall have one female servant, and not more, he or she such children, he wholly exempted from the duty thereby imposed; if etc. > any person, having two such lawful children or grand children,

shall have two female servants, and not more, he or she shall pay for one female servant, at the same jilt as if he or (lie retained only one female servant, and no more, and foin proportion for any greater number, abating one female servant, and lowering the rate of duty in the manner in the said recited act provided, for every two such children or grand children.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for extending the time limited, by an act of this session, for delivering in navy, victualling, and transport bills.

Recital of C 32. of this session. Navy bills, C to he taken in until Aug. 31, 1785.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for repealing the duties on linens to be printed, painted, jlain ed, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof % and on cotton stuffs, muslins, fufhans, velvets, and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton stuffs, muslins, fusstans., velvets, and veherets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts.

WHEREAJ3

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. N 29$

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in tbs loftfejfion of parliament,

entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional Geo. 3. C duties on linens, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not printed, painted, stained, or dyed in foreign parts), among other things a duty of three farthings for every yard in lengthy reckoning yard ivide, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, was laid upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Great Britain, (such linens as Should be dyed throughout of one colour only always excepted), which said duty was subject to three additional im pojls offive pounds per centum each, as in the said act is mentioned? and certain other duties were by ths said act granted, which, having'been found inconvenient, have been repealed by an act of this present session of parliament, whereby it is become necessary to provide a sufficient fund for the payment of such encumbrances as were by the said act of the last session of parliament charged on those duties: therefore, we, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, think it will bo for the advantage of the public to repeal the herein before mentioned duties upon linens, wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and in lieu thereof, and of the said duties repealed by the said act of this present session of parliament, to, grant unto your Majesty the several duties herein after mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August, Formerdutiea one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the said duties repealed, upon linens wholly made of hemp or flax, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, by the said act granted, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand From Aug. r, seven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, col the sob ledted, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs tolbepatdfor and successors, for and upon all lineps, and stuffs made of cotan linens,

tonne mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton mixed stuffs, wool, wove in Great Britain, British muslins, and fustians, vel cotton stuffs, vets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs made of cot tonne and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, which shall be wove in Great Britain, and foreign muslins, which, at any time printed, etc; or times after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun 5n Great bri dred and eighty-five, shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed tam: in Great Britain, (except such calicoes, linens, and fustians, as (Exception.' shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and except such stuffs whereof the greater part in value shall be woollen), the

additional

X

For all linens printed, etc. (except those dyedth rough out of one colour) of greater value than igd. and not more than is. 6d. per yard, — id. aq. per yard: for all such. as aforesaid, worth more than as. 6d. per yard, — 3d. per yard:

for all mixed or cotton stuffs, valued at more than and and not more than 3s. per yard, — ad. per yard:

for all mixed or cotton Huffs, worth more than 3 s. per yard, — 4d. per yard:

for all British muslins, worth more than and and not more than 3s. — ad. per yard:

for all British muslins, worth more

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1735.

additional rates and duties herein after expressed, over and aboye all other duties payablefor the same; that is to say,

For and upon all linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except such linens as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only), which shall be of greater value than sixteen pence, and not of greater value than two Shillings and sixpence by the yard in length, at the ready money price, either in London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lelfer quantity:

For and upon all linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than two Shillings and sixpence by the yard in length, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of threepence for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: ,

For and upon all stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufaflory, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and not of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, at the ready money price, at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of twopence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called br'}tish Manufactory, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, at the ready money price, either at London, pr at the nearest market town to the pface where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of fourpence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all muslins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and not of greater value than three Shillings by the yard "square, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the same were manufactured, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of twopence for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all muslins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), which shall

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 301

shall be of greater value than three shillings by the yard square, than 3s. per at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest yard — market town to the place where the same were manufactured, per yarci: before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of fourpence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and for all fufti other figured stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, an velvets, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, to be qre^brhafli printed, stained, painted, or dyed, (except as before excepted), lct.c2q, per*the sum of three halfpence by the yard square, whatever the yard: price of the same may be, and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all foreign muslins to be printed, stained, paint For all foreign' ed, or dyed, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one muslins to he colour only), which shall be of greater value than twenty Prmted, etc. pence, and not of greater value than three Shillings by the yard jan and square, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the not more than nearest market town to the place where the same shall be pre 3s.per yard, — fented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, be 4d.pe*c yard: fore they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of fourpence for every yard square, and after that rate' for a greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all foreign muslins to be printed, stained, paint for aq such ed, or dyed, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one foreign muf colour only), which shall be of greater value than three fhil hns of greater lings by the yard square, at the ready money price, either at London, or at the nearest market town to the place where the yard,

same shall be presented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, the sum of eight pence by the yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. New duties That the said several duties herein before mentioned shall be to subject and liable to the additional duties or imports of five tionaumpofte pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per of 5 percent. centum on the produce and amount thereof respectively, in the on theamount same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional thereof, duties of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and C

five pounds per centum, are granted to his Majesty by three sea Geo. 3. veral acts of parliament, made in the nineteenth, twenty first, i7.; ahdaa and twenty second years of his present majesty's reign. Geo. C 66

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties by this act imposed upon all linens, and Duties on LI stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly ne1rjs, lt^jtq ^5 made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, British muslins recoveredtn and fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs thefamemaa made of cottorf and other materials mixed, or wholly made of per as those cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or upon foreign muslins h^posed by printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, shall, from

time

t

Qot Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1785.

time to time, be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected answ^red, and paid, by such ways and means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with the like discounts, allowances, exemptions, and drawbacks, and in such manner and form (except as herein after is other wise'excepted), as the duties imposed upon silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, flamed, painted, or dyed, by an act made in o Anh», C the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying several95 duties upon fope, paper, chequered and figured linens, and upon certain

silks, calicoes, linens, andfluffs, printed, painted, orstained, (amongst other things thereby charged), towards raising the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of it Ann, C Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on fope and paper, and 9> upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, andfluffs, (amongst other things

thereby charged), towards raising the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of and 14 Geo. his present Majesty, for ascertaining the duty on printed, painted, 3* C 74, etc. or dyed stuffs, wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the use and wear thereof, under certain regulations 5 or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, relating to the said duties, or any of them, hre to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, andt paid, save and except in such cases where it is otherwise provided for By this act.

V. And, for the better securing the said duties by this act granted,

On or before^further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such Aug. 1, 1785, proper stamps or seals shall, on or before the first day of August, damps to be one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be provided and thstribuetd*fby distributed by the commissioners for managing the several duties fioncnfoi' by foer as, and by this act, chargeable on the

managing the commodities aforesaid, as may serve to denote the payment or duties on LI charging of the several duties by this act, and the said former nens, etc. ^fts, chargeable on the same commodities respectively j and that the said stamps or seals, by this act directed to be provided*be used and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered, by the said of as often as they shall see fit to alter the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Provisions of That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains, pe former acts nalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, du\ie8^hereby contained in the said several acts of the tenth and twelfth years enlarged/ex* reign f Queen Anne, and the fourteenth year of the

tended to this reign of hi present Majesty, for raising, ascertaining, receiving, aft. levying, recovering, securing, and paying, the duties on such

commodities as are by this act charged with additional duties, touching the stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, ascertaining, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional duties by this act charged upon the same commodities,

and

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 303

and 'all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were at large repeated in this present act.

- VII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, after the Penalty on firltday of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, printing LI print, stain, paint, or dye any such linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton leaving'ho wool, wove m Great Britain, British muslins or fustians, vel tice thereof vets or yelverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, made of cot at the next tonne and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign calicoes, and foreign muslins, without giving or leaving at the next office of excise for the said duties, such notice in writing as by the said act, in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is required, he, she, or they shall, for every neglect: by not giving such notice, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Penalty oft

fons, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye, any such commo persons ob dities aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any officer for the said tfa

duties in the execution of the powers given by this act for ascer execution of taining and securing the said duties, the offender therein, for their duty, every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any printer, stainer, painter, or dyer of any such com Penalty on modifies aforesaid, chargeable by this act, shall begin to print, printing, etc. stain, paint, or dye the same, before the same shall have been before the measured and marked at both ends thereof by the officer of ex hasbeenmea cife, with a frame, mark, denoting the measure thereof, then, sured and and in every such case, the said commodities so printed, stained, marked by painted, or dyed, before being so measured and marked by the excise officer, officer, shall be forfeited, and the printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit twenty pounds for every piece.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye, penaltyonre any of the commodities aforesaid, chargeable with the said du mos cm' ties by this, aft, shall remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to they are be removed, carried, or sent away, any of the commodities stamped by aforesaid chargeable by this act, by him, her, or them, printed, proper officer, stained, painted, or dyed, until such time as the proper officer shall have taken an account of any particular quantity of such commodities aforesaid, so to be carried away, and until every particular piece or pareel, or remnant, of the same respectively, be duly marked at both ends thereof with a stamp or seal, or (lamps or seals, denoting the charging the duty as this act directs, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all such commodities aforesaid, so carried Such commo away, without being marked with a stamp or seal, or (lamps or dities forfeit seals, denoting the charging the said duties, and being found pqffef in the pafleflion of any draper, or other trader or dealer therein, fion Gf any

or draper, etc.

3°4

Penalty on defacing the frame mark.

Commodities not surveyed to be kept separate from those surveyed.

Penalty on concealing commodities with intent to evade the duties.

Penalty on keeping commodities in any place whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer.

Utensils liable to duties in arrears, and penalties and forfeitures.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. (?. $£* 1*7$5* or of any person for the use of fqch draper, fr^der* pr dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized l?y any officer of

excise.

And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in case any printer, stainer* pointer, ordyer of fuqh commodities aforesaid, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark put by the officer on any piece of such commodities aforesaid, to denote the measure thereof, every such printer stainer, painter, or dyer, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every piece on which the said frame mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every printer, stainer, painter, and dyer, of such commodities aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep so much of the same commodities as shall not have been surveyed and taken an account of by the proper officer, separate and apart from all others of the same kind which shall have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officer, on pain to forfeit, for every fqch offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, shall fraudulently hide Or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any fuph commodities aforesaid, before or after the same are printed, stained, painted, or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majesty of; hrs just duties by this at granted, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and all such commodities aforesaid, which shall be found in any private workhouse or other place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer of excise, as by the said act, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen nne is required shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, shall keep any such commodities aforesaid, marked with a (lamp or seal, or (lamps or seals, denoting the charging the duties thereon, or unmarked in any warehouse, room, or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer of excise, as by the said al, madein the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, is required; and if any such commodities aforesaid, stamped or undamped, shall be found in the possession of any printer, stainer,painter, or dyer, in any warehouse, room, or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer of excise as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and all the commodities aforesaid, so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the utensils and instruments for the printing, staining, painting, or dying of any such commodities aforesaid, in custody of any such printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, as aforesaid, or of

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 3*05

any person or persons to the use of, or in truflr for tjiem, or any f them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties in arrear and owing by such printer, stainer, painter, or dyer for any such commodities aforesaid, printed, stained, painted, or dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhouse or places aforesaid; and shall be also subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons so using such workhouse or other place, for any offence against this act relating to the duties on such commodities aforesaid, so printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and it shall and may be lawful, in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and use such proceedings, as may lawfully be done by this act, in relation to such commodities, in case the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the same.

XVI. And, for the better ascertaining, chargings colie fling, levying, raising, and securing the several duties by this act imposed upon all linens, and stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, British muffins and fufhans, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other ffgurfd stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, and upon foreign muffins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and for preventing frauds \

concerning the same; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as are chargeable upon such Duties so be commodities printed, stained, painted, or dyed in England and under the ma wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (half be under the management cmmif of the of and officers of excise in England for the sioners of ex time being; and such of the said duties as are chargeable upon cife. such commodities printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Scotland,

shall be under the management of the of and officers of excise in Scotland (or the time being. "

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective commissioners of excise shall, on or before On or before the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty Aug. t, 1785, five, provide proper frames to denote the measure of such com ento provide modifies aforesaid, and proper (lamps or seals to denote the frame marks charging the duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective to denote the frames, (lamps, and seals, to be distributed to the respective of roeasure, and ficers for the several purposes before mentioned; which officers notepthe°dtt" are hereby enjoined and required in using the same, to do no ties, hurt or damage, or the least damage that may he to the commodities to be so marked or stamped; and the said (lamps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time as the said respective of shall from time to time think fit: and if any person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time Persons frau or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any (lamp or seal to re dulently semble any stamp or seal which shall be provided, in pursuance counterfeit of this act, to denote the charging the duties on the said linens, in stamp8> stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, British muffins and fustians, velvets, velyerets, dimities and other figured stuffs,

voxxxv. X made

G( e

306

to suffer death as felons.

Penalty on persons selling commodities with a counterfeit stamp.

If stuffs are suspected to be in the custody of a draper, C undamped, the com miffiohers,

C may issue their warrants to search for the same, and if found, itre forfeited.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. yi< [ i

made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, foreign calicoes, or foreign muffins, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, or shall counterfeit'or resemble the impression of the same upon any of the said goods chargeable by this al, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty hereby, granted; then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and if any person or persons shall, at any time or times hereafter, sell any such commoditiesaforesaid^with a counterfeit stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, all and every such offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being duly convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the pillory in some public place for the space of two hours.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible person or persons, that he, she, or they have reason to suspedfc or believe that any such linens, or stuffs' made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or British muslins, or fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, foreign muslins called or other foreign muslins, printed, stained, painted, or

dyed in Great Britainfor which a duty ought to have been aid or charged by this act, or which ought to have been stamped as by this act is directed, are or shall be in the custody or possedion of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing the rein, or of any person or persons for the use or acv count of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for sale, without having thereupon such (lamps or seals as are by this act required to denote the payquent or charging, the said duties thereupon; it shall and may be lawful for the respective commissioners of excise^or any two of them, within their respective limits, or for any two justices of the peace in any other parts in Great bri tain, from time to time to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authorising and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the assistance of a constable, or Other officer of the peace, in the daytime, to search for the same, and to open doors, chests, trunks, and packages, and to seize such linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, or British muslins, or fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured Huffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, br wholly made of cotton wool, wave m Great Britain, or foreign calicoes, or foreign muflinsj called Gojfaet, or other foreign muslins, printed, gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and to bring

i Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 307

them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be seized, and that every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such commodities aforesaid, so found undamped in the possession of such draper, trader, or dealer, for fate, or other person for the use of such draper trader, or dealer, for falet shall be forfeited.

XIX. And b.c. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, commonly called Cotton ft offs or known by the name of Calicoes that have not three blue "^ee^ue threads in each felvage, as directed by an act made in the four threads in teenth year of his present majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for each felvage, a/cert dining the duty on printed, painted, jiained, or dyed fluff's, to he deemed wholly made of cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for forei£n cali' allowing the use and wear thereof under certain regulations,) shall qco g be deemed to be foreign calicoes, and on their being printed, 7j6# stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, shall be damped, marked, or sealed at both the ends of each piece or remnant, with a stamp, mark, or seal, containing the following words \ videlicet. Foreign Calicoes for Exportation y and every draper, tra How such der, of dealer for fate, having in his, her, or their custody or us are possession any such foreign calicoes, printed, (tained, painted, e ampe or dyed, (except dyed throughout of one colour only,) and not papers etc. being stamped or sealed at both ends of each piece, as directed having in their by this act, (except such as have been printed, (tained, painted, possession or dyed, before the commencement of this act, and have been such foreign, stamped or sealed at one end thereof;,) or having in his, her, or their custody or possession, any piece of stuffs wholly made of^cotton wopl, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British or stuffs called matiufactory, (muffins, neckcloths, and fustians excepted,) not brftiffimanu having the blue threads in the felvages, as required by the said the*blue

'act of the fourteenth year of his present majesty's reign, shall threads in the not only forfeit and lose the said goods, or the value thereof, felvages. but shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds for every piece of such goods found in his custody or possession as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the owner or printer Every piece

of any piece, or remnant of a piebe, of any croffae, or foreign of ft£fftp be muslins, and foreign calicoes, shall, before the same are fare itfmted presented to the officer appointed to take an account thereof, etg.

mark the same at both ends with a frame or mark, containing

in words at length his name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods which they are commonly called or known by, dn pain to forfeit the said gtoods, and the sum of ten pounds Penalty on for every piece or remnant of such goods that shall be printed, ^neglect. stained, painted, or dyed, (except those that are dyed throughout of one colour only,) without being so marked.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the owner or printer Name and of any piece or remnant of linens, or stuffs made of cotton

mixed with other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton and name and wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manu quality of the factory, or muslins plain, chequered, striped, figured, or orna goods tc*be

X % mented,

gos Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72.

[1^ %

marked on men ted, that shall be wove in Graz Britain, except fufhans, stuffs liable to velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs made of the duty of cotton and other materials mixed, or wholly made of cotton yard^wove in Great Britain, which are by this act made fub

(9jest to a duty of one penny halfpenny per yard square, shall

mark the same at both ends of every piece or remnant, with a. frame or mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, the name and quality of tlfe goods, and the linen and stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; com and the ready monly called British Manufactory with the ready moiiey price or money price value thereof; (that is to say,) if linens, whether the price is more to be m*rke(j than sixteen pence, or more than two Shillings and sixpence by the cdbritishma yal*d in length, or if stuffs made of cotton and other materials'nufastory, be mixed, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great forepresented Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, or British muf ^erexcise lins, whether the ready money price or value thereof be more than twenty pence, and not more than three Shillings, by the yard square, or whether the ready, money price or value thereof be more than three Shillings by the yard square; the same shall be presented to the officer appointed to take an account Owner to de thereof, to be printed, (lained, painted, or dyed; and in case ter etc l^le owner snot printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer, then with thee C Sham deliver a note in writing with the said linens or (Iqffs to fluff?, etc. an the printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer, expressing the number of account of pieces, their quality and value as aforesaid, and the time whea the number, Slivered to the printer, (lainer, painter, or dyer; which note value^of the Printer (lainer, painter, or dyer, dial deliver to thp

pie^esdeliver officer who is to take fcn account of the said linens and stuffs, ed, which is before the same shall be printed, (lained, painted, or dyed? ex to be given to cept t|10fe that are to be dyed throughout of one colour only,) fice/before0 " on pa'n lat evety piece or remnant of such linens or, stuffs, not printing, etc. so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be feiz^d by Penalty on any officer of excise, and the owner, or other person putting neglect of the out or sending such piece not so marked, shall forfeit and lose above menti the sum of twenty pounds; and that every printer, (lainer, tiens Fesula' painter, or dyer, being the owner, who shall print, (lain, paint, or dye, any of the said linens or stuffs, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only,) shall, before he begins to print, (lain, paint, or dye the same, mark each piece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a frame or mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and also the name of the goods, which they are cemr monly called and known by, with the ready money price or value thereof; (that is to say,) if linens, whether the price is more than sixteen pence, or more than two Shillings and sixpence by the yard in length, or if stuffs made of cotton and other materials mixed, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory or British muffins, whether the ready money price or value thereof be

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 309

more than twenty pence, and not more than three Shillings, by the yard square, or whether the ready money price or value thereof be more than three Shillings by the yard square, before he begins to print, stain, paint, or dye the same, (except those that are dyed throughout of one colour only,) on pain to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect, and also the said linens and stuffs not so marked as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise; and in case such Penalty on owner, or other person so putting out or sending any such marking stuffs linens or stuffs to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, as afore a puce leif said, or any such printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, shall mark aa e re any piece or remnant of such linens or stuffs at a price lef$ than the real value, or ready money price, as herein before directed, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the owner thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXII. And whereas it may happen in the printing, flaming, painting,

or dying the commodities aforesaid, that the frame marks, set thereupon by the officer of excise to denote the measur thereof, may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the said frame marks shall be Frame marks come obliterated or defaced, the printer, stainer, painter, or unavoidably dyer, who shall print, stain, paint, or dye the said com modi renewed ties, shall give notice thereof to the officer of excise, under upon notice whose survey he is, and require the said officer to renew the said being given to frame mark, who shall renew the same accordingly. he exgife of

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cer#

That if any person whatsoever shall, at any time or times here Penalty on after, counterfeit or forg? any frame mark, to denote the mea counterfeit sure of anyx such corpmodities, directed to be marked by this ithe frame aft, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, ar

of the duties to be charged thereon, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains, pe Provisions of nalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things ip this act this act shall contained, shall extend to all silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, of

of what kind soever, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, upmtfilks" wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, etc. by 10

printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and shall Anne, C 19. be practised and put in execution for raising, ascertaining, re riqc^? ceiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the duties C^imposed upon all silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs of what kind 3'?

soever, or stuffs wholly made of cotton, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, by the said acts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them.

J£XV. And whereas the duties imposed by the said act, made in,

'- X 3 the

A drawback of the duties

Q Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1785.

Hhedaft session of parliament upon fluffi made of cotton and linen. mixed, and fluff's wholly mage of coltonyiuool9 wove in Great Bri,

'and bleached or dyed in'qfeat Britain, have been paid for diverse quantities of such stuffs which may hereafter be printed, flainedy painted, or dyed in Great Britain and thereby become chargeable % vith the duties by this act imposed upon such stuffs to be printed fained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, and it is reasonable that upon payment of the duties by this act imposed upon such stuffs, when printed, fained, painted, or dyed, allowance Should be made for the duties before paid in pursuance of the said act, made in the list session of parliament, for the same stuffs when bleached or dyed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any printer, stainer, painter, or dyer of such stuffs actdofniaftrthe as who, after the first day of August, one thousand

session on seven hundred and eighty-five, shall print, flam, paint, or dye goods charge any of the said stuffs, made of cotton and linen mixed, or stuffs able with new wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, that shall obtainedun een charged with the duties imposed by the said at,

on appucati 011 their being bleached, and shall have the mark or seal thereof in the on, denoting the said duties to have been charged, and also the manner here t frame marks thereon, or for the owner of the same stuffs, when (n prescribed. tj, e duties by this at granted shall be charged upon the same stuffs, on their being printed, stained, painted, pr dyed, to make application to any two or more qommissioners of excise in England or Scotland respectively, if such stuffs, of stuffs made bf cotton as aforesaid; shall be printed, stained, painted, pr dyed within the limits of the chief office of excise in London or edinburgh respectively, or in other places in Great Britain, to any two or more justices of the peace within whose jurisdiction fucfi stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, shall be printed stained, painted or dyed, for a drawback or allowance of the " iduties before paid upon the bleachipg the same stuffs respectively,

upon the terms, and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, such printer, stainer, painter, oy dyer, or such owner, after having given twelve hours notice in writing to the officer appointed by the commissioners for i that purpose, shall produce to the said officer every piece of

Such stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, and shew such officer the (lamps or seals, denoting the charging the duties upon the bleaching thereof, at both erids thereof, and alfp the frame marks at both ends thereof; and the said officer 'Khali take off the same seals or damps, 'and the frame marks, from both ends of every fhch piece, and thereupon such officer shall give the said printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, or fucfi owner, a Certificate, without fee or reward, or other chargej except such (latrip duties as may be required by law, expressing the quantities and kinds bf such stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, and that the (lamps or seals, denoting the said duties to have been charged, and the frame marks, were upon such pieces when the same were prqduced to him, and

3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 311

that lie had taken off such stamps or seals, and frame marks and that the duties by this at chargeable had been charged upon the same.

XXVI. Provided always, That every such printer, stainer, persons appainter, or dyer, or such owner as aforesaid, who shall apply for ply*ng fr aan allowance of the said duties paid upon the bleaching the said ^u?ies paid stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, shall give notice, under former in writing, of his intention to apply for the same, unto the col act, to give Jedlor or supervisor of excise of the distri<ff within which such ap previous no plication^shall be made, fourteen days before such application, to ^ohector or the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace respectiv.ely, supervisor of in order that such collector or supervisor may attend, if he excise. thinks fit, to shew unto the of or justices respectively

any reason against the making such allowances; and such Oath to be printer, stainer, painter, or dyer, or his chief workman, or made of the such owner as aforesaid, shall make oath (or, being a Quaker, duties having affirmation) before the of or justices respectively, ceppai that he verily believes that the said duties upon bleaching such stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, have been paid, and that the duties by this a imposed upon the printing, flaming, painting, or dying the same stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton respectively, have been charged thereupon, and that such notice as aforesaid had been given to the said officer to take off the stamps or seals, and frame marks, and also such notice as aforesaid given to the collector or supervisor of the application being intended to be made; which oath or affirmation such com commifeon missioners or justices are hereby authorised and required toa.dmi fc. au nifter; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said two or more commissioners of excise, or two or more justices respectively, t^eo^th, being satisfied of the truth thereof, and no sufficient reason be

shown to them to the contrary, upon such certificate a aforesaid, from the officer appointed to examine the said goods being produced to them, to order the collector of the duties by ancj or(j€r this at granted, to pay out of the money in his hands arising repayment of by the said duties, unto such printer, stainer, paipter, or dyer, the duties or such owner, so much money as the duties paid upon the bleaching the same stuffs, or stuffs made of cotton as aforesaid, amount unto; and if the said collector shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay the same, the of shall cause the same to be paid out of any moneys arising by the said duties by this aql granted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons who shall Ferlbns who have paid all his majesty's duties by this or any former act pay uf

able for any such linens, or stuffs made of cotton mixed, with of thofcuwto other materials, or stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in have paid, the Great Britain, British muffins, and fustians, velvets, velverets, duties, may dimities, and other figured stuffs made of cotton and other tofor^8* materials mixed, or made of cotton wool, woye in Great Brt parts?

tain or foreign calicoes, or foreign muffins, or coffaes, printed, ffaified, painted or dyed in Great Britain or for any person or*X 4. - peffqps

Si

Terms of exportation.

No linens,

etc.to be packed up for exportation but under the limitations herein prescribed;

and security to be given for their exportation.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIIC.

[1785.

persons who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any such commodities aforesaid, printed, Gained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, from the person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such commodities aforesaid, for which all the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions herein after mentioned; that is to say, the person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities aforesaid, shall give twelve hours notice in writing within the limits of the chief office of excise m London and twenty-four hours notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up in order to be exported any such commodities, and of the time and place when and where he will pack up the same, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise m England or Scotland; and such officer or officers shall take care to imeasure the said goods, and to see that the seals or Gamps, denoting the payment of the duties upon such goods, and also the frame marks upon the same, be taken off from both ends of every piece so intended to be exported, (except as bear in after is excepted;,) and every such piece shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, who shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the commodities aforesaid so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such of to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any see pr reward for so doing.

XXVIII. Provided always, That the said officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, and shall not take off such seals or Gamps, denoting that the said duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of such commodities aforesaid not having the frame mark, denoting the measure thereof, distinct and plain at both ends thereof; and not obliterated or defaced, (except as herein after is excepted,) which frame mark shall be cut off at the same time as the Gamps or seals denoting the payment of the duties; and the person or persons, so intending to export such goods, shall also give six hours notice in writing of the time and place of shipping such goods unto the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and see the same put oh hip board; and the exporter of the said goods (ha also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the person by them appointed for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular commodities aforesaid, so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, uni ladled, or laid on land, or put on board any other ship or vefi fel within Great Britain, ((hipwreck, and other unavoidable accidents, excepted;,) which security thq oige^r of exjifp of the

: - port

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. |ij

port where the said goods Avail be exported, is hereby directed to take in his majesty's name, and to his majeay's use; and Oath to be Jhe said exporter, or his clerk or manager. Avail make oath (or ^ade that the affirmation, if a Quaker) that he believes the duties upon such beeupaid^tc. goods had been paid, and that such goods are the same that are

described in the account sent as aforesaid by the officer in whose presence the same were paeked, to the officer attending the Avipping, (which oath or affirmation the surveyor, or other officer appointed by the commissioners for that purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer)) the said surveyor or supervisor, or other officer aforesaid, and the officer who at,

the Avipping the said goods, being satisfied of the truth thereof. Avail, within one month after the exportation of the said goods, give to the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture expressing the quantities and kinds of such goods so fivipped, and that all the duties are paid for the same, and that security hath been given before the shipping the same for the due exporting the same; and such certificate or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where the same goods are exported, he Avail forthwith pay or allow to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback or Drawback al allowance of all the duties before paid for such goods so export low^d on ex? ed; and if such collector Avail not have money in his hands to pori pay the same, then the respective commiaioners of excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon linens or stuffs printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, arising by this or either of the said former acts.

XXIX. Provided always, That it Avail be lawful for the of Goods maybe Acer attending the Avipping such commodities aforesaid (if he opened at the Avail think it necessary) to open pr examine such goods at the Port ex port of exportation, in order that he may be satisfied that they the proper^re the same that are described in the account sent to him by officer.

the officer in whose presence the goods were packed.

XXX. Provided always, That if, after the Avipping of any Penalty on,

such commodities aforesaid, and the giving or tendering such unshipping security as aforesaid in order to obtain an allowance or drawback od"?.

of the duties charged thereupon, the same commodities, or any w£sch have part thereof. Avail be unavipped, unladled, or laid on land, or been shipped put into any other Avip or vessel within Great Britain, hip for exportati* wreck, and other unavoidable accidents, excepted,) that then, on

and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond,

which Avail be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the't

said commodities aforesaid, which Avail be unshipped, unladled,

pr laid on land, or put into any other Avip or vessel within

Great Britain, (except as before excepted,) or the value thereof.

Avail be forfeited.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, That the exporter of such Exporters of commodities as aforesaid, as Avail have been printed, Aained, linens, etc. painted, or dyed, before the said first day of August, one thou prifrit.edietc* sand seven hundred and eighty fiye, and Qvall have been marked

: -'o ': '*' with*7 -

h.i \

1*4

titled to drawback though the goods are marked at one end of the piece only.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer

a»hq viejpsimo quinto Georgii III. 72, [1785.

with a stamp or seal, or stamps or seals, denoting the charging the former duties thereon, at one end of each piece only, shall upon the exportation thereof, be entitled to a drawback of the said former duties paid thereupon, upon the terms, and according to the directions hereinbefore mentioned, notwithstanding such commodities aforesaid are marked or stamped at one end of each piece only, such exporter making proof, to the satisfaction of the officer who shall see the said goods packed up, that the same were printed, stained, painted, or dyed, before the said first day of August^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, who shall certify that such proof has been made in the account of the said goods, which he is herein before directed to return to the officer to be appointed by the said commissioners to receive the same, at the port of exportation.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the duties by this act granted shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his

separate from exchequer, separate and apart from all other duties.

all others.

and shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties by this act, and the said other ad of this present session of parliament repealed, were applicable unto.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore

Allthepow That all and every the powers, authorities, directions,

ers, penalties, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and etc.contained things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of in XI Car. a. the reign of {£ing Charles the Second, entitled, An act for tak other \awtl tn away le court f wars and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and lating to ex by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon

\ cife duties, his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force re for collecting }ating to his majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under int? the duties ie management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, thereby settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, rais granted, shall ing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering be applied in adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby grant aetcutmsthl9 anc or Preventing* deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act,) shall be exercised practised, applied, and put in execution in and for the manage ing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeef taining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby grants ed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in this present

ad.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore

Penahiesand said, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting the forfeitures inland duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for, reco how to be re yered, leyied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, awtkd* and as any or, forfeiture, is or may be hied for, reco

p, p ."* vered, levied or mitigated by any law qr Jaws of excise, or by

1785.i Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72.

a<stion of debt, bill, plaint, or info/irration, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively $ and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.,

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties which were imposed by the herein From aug.x, before recited act, made in the last session of parliament, upon 1785, the old all stuffs made of or mixed with cotton, not printed, painted, ftufft^c ftaiped, or dyed in foreign parts, which (hold be imported or imported to brought into this kingdom, shall, from and after the said'first cease, audtfae day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, following to cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; and in lieu and in stead thereof, there shall be raised, levied, collected, y\z % and paid, to^and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon the several goods herein after enumerated, which, from and after the said first day of August^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties herein after mentioned j that is to say,

For and upon all linens, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, For all linens in foreign parts (except such linens as shall be dyed throughout printed, etc. of one colour only, and except also such linens p are prohibit part°gre|fxcept ed to be used or worn in Great Britain,) which shall be of those'dyed, greater value than ixteen pence, and not of greater value than throughout two Shillings and sixpence the yard in length, there shall be paid of one colour, the sum of one penny halfpenny by the yard square::

more than as. 6d. per yard, — id. aq. per yard?

And for and upon all such linens (except as before excepted) for all such which shall be of greater value than two Shillings and sixpence linen worth by the yard in length, there shall be paid the sum of threepence yard

by the yard square: per yard:

For and upon all stuffs made of cotton and other materials for all cotton mixed, and all stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, printed, stain or mixed ed, painted, or dyed in foreign parts (except as before except etc in^rei^i CD which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and parts, from pot of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, od. to38. ad. (here shall be paid the sum of twopence by the yard square: yard

And for and upon all such stuffs made of cotton and other for all such materials mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool ex oran 3 eept as before excepted,) which shall be of greater value than per jthree Shillings by the yard square, there shall be paid the sum per yard: of fourpence by the yard square: forallmuflins

For and upon all muslins printed, stained, painted, or dyed printed, etc. in foreign parts (except as before excepted,) which shall be of greater value than twenty pence, and not of greater value than0d.to3s. per

; 1 -'three yard, ad. per

yard:

sd by: >ogie

for all such _ worth more than 38. per yard, 4d. per yard: for all fufr tains, etc. printed, etc. in foreign parts, id. xq. per yard.

Duties liable tcvthe additional imposts of 5l. per centon the amountthere of, as granted by 19 Geo. 3. fc.i5, and, a Geo. 3. c. 66.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1785.

three Shillings by the yard square, there shall be paid the Tun of twopence by the yard square:

And for and upon all such muslins (except as before excepted)) shall be of greater value than three Shillings by the yard square, there shall be paid the sum of fourpence by the yard square:

And for and upon all fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured stuffs, made of cotton and other materials mixed, or made wholly of cotton wool, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts, (except as before excepted,) there shall be paid the sum of one penny halfpenny by the yard square, and in the like proportion for any greater or less quantity of such goods respectively: the said duties shall also be subject and liable to the additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, on the produce and amount thereof respectively, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional duties of five pounds per centum and five pounds per centum, are granted to his majesty by two several acts of parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty second years of his majesty's reign.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Dutiesjonim aforesaid, That the said duties herein before granted upon the portation of importation of such foreign linens, cottons, muslins, fustians,

l\nens velvets, velverets, dimities, and figured stuffs, shall be under the manaee the rnanagement and direction of the commissioners of his Ma*jhent of Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall missioners of be 'drawn back upon the exportation of the same goods; and customs, and the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, bellowed recoverec!* Paid, and allowed, in the same manner and form, former draw and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by [backs.'such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as fully, to all intents and purpose?, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this act.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted,

Duties on im^ That the before mentioned duties, which are chargeable upon portation of the importation of such foreign linens, cottons, and muslins, foreign linens, according to the value thereof, shall be ascertained and paid, certained and n me Homier, and the goods shall be subject and liable paid in like to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures, that manner as for other unrated goods, undervalued by the importer or proprie other unrated for are subject and liable to by sny act or acts of parliament f00 B now in force. V

-..

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore

uont1011 f That any action or suit shall be brought or commenced?*against apy person or persons, for apy thing by him or them

"' ^pne

<785.1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 73. g j

done in pursuance of this at, such aion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in such a&iori or suit may plead the general General Iffae* issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict (halt pass for the defendant or defendants or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her. Treble or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to declare, that brewers selling leer or ale in less quantities than a cask, containing four gallons and a half shall not be; inttiled to any allowance out of the duties of excise for wajie or leakage; and for making allowances to distillers of Idw winey and fpi rits from maltcor n, or grain, in respect to the duties imp ofed by an act of the last session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by two acts of parliament, made in the twelfth

year of the reign of King Charles the Second; one entitled,

A grant of certain impositions upon beer ale, and other Recital of 1 % liquors, for the increase of his majsftyv revenue during his car#a'c* life; and the other entitled, An act for taking away the court of ani Gt wards and liveries, and tenures incupite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon htema '

jesty in lieu thereof, it was among other things, enacted,that every common brewer not selling beer or ale by retail, for and in confderation ff

of wajle by filling and leakage of their beer and ale, Should have and be allowed, out of the returns made by the gaugers, the several allow -.

ances and abatements after mentioned, that is to say, upon every three and twenty barrels of beer, whether flrongor finally returned by the said gaugers, three barrels; and upon every two and twenty barrels of ale, whether strong or small, returned by the gaugers, two barrels: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, V An additional act for the better ordering and collecting the duty ls car. a. c, of excise, and preventing the abuses therein,) it was, among n.

other things, enacted, That no common brewer of beer and ale Should sell, deliver, or carry out, any beer or ale to any of his tujlomers, either in whole cask, or by the galion, before notice given to an excise officer, but between the hours of the day therein mentioned: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of King William and ghieen Mary, (entitled, An act for an additional duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors,) it it was among other things, enacted, That the allowances appointed to be made and allowed to the common brewers, other than within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, for wajle by fillings and leakage of their beer and ale, out of the

returns

igul. 3c Mar. C. 4.

ted by

i Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 73. [1785.

returns or charges made by thi gaugers or other Should he two barrets and an half Upon every three and twenty 'barrels, of beer and ale, whether strong or fthnll, and no more: and whereas many iommon brewers, under the elause above recited of the said act of the fifteenth year of King Charles the second, do sell great quantities of teer or ale by single galions, to diverse of their customers, and nevertheless claim the aforesaid allowance, dir eft ed to be made, for waftt by fillings and leakage, to common brewers riot selling beer or ale by tetail, by the said two acts of the twelfth year of King Charles the r _. Second, or by the said act of the first year of King William and $ % ueen Mary 5 and it has been doubted whether such brewers, so selling their beer or ale by [ingle galions, are entitled to the said allowances; now to remove such doubts, be it enacted by the King's? most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consentt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From July $ parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thafy x?von felhn rom after the fifth day of juty+one thousand seven hundred 2eer°et<f. ina anc eighty-five, every common brewer, who shall sell beer or lefsquantity ale, or worts, in any less quantity, at any one time, than in a than gal whole calk, containing four gallons and an half, shall be deem jj)1?|anda, ed to sell beer or ale by retail, and shall not be entitled to thereta&er?e 1 allowance for waste by fillings and leakage in the said two au of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and the said act of the first year of King William and Queen Mary, mentioned, nor to any other allowance for or in confix - deration ofi such waste whatsoever.

II. And whereas by a certain aft, made in the last session of parr

Geo. 3. C

entitled. An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the Low wines Paymcn^ of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home ar^f^rits^for consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment home con of other duties, in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of fumption. the making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Majesty the duties of excise, within the lands of Ferentofh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the west Indies: it was enacted, That for and during the pace of two years, to be computed from the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, all the rates and dutiesr granted and iniposed upon low wines and spirits for home consumplion, in and by any act or acts thentofore made and then in force, should be discontinued; and that, in lieu and field thereof, the several rates and duties in the said act mentioned, fi)ould, for and during the said term of two years, be substituted, charged, and paid, which duties in the said act mentioned are lower in value than the duties by the said act discontinued: and whereas, at the time of faffing the said act, diverse difiillers or tnakers of low wines and fpi tits from malt, corn, or grain, were possessed of a large flock of spirits, dtftiued from malt, corn, or grain, for which the high duties by the said act discontinued had been fully paid, and it is reasonable that

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 73.'319

same allowance Should be made to such distillers, in respect of the high duties fto' by them paid, for the spirits which were their fiock in hand at the time of the passing the said act; but no provision is made in type said act for making such allowance; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the commis Allowance (loners of excise in England, or the major part of them, in cases not exceeding; where the said duties were charged within the limits of the aa every chief office of excise in London, to pay, out of the money in to^bf paidirt their hands, arising by the duties by the said act granted, unto england.and such distiller or distillers, any sum or sums of money, not ex a rateable ceeding twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, Scotland, and foin proportion for a greater or less quantity; and also for on the (Stock the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of in hand be them, in cases where the said duties were charged within the twee n<i* limits of the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, to pay, out member'! of the money in their hands, arising by the said duties, unto I7g4. such distiller or distillers, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also that it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place in England and Scotland respectively, within which such duties were charged, in cases where the said duties were charged out of the said respectfive limits, to order the colle<sior of the said duties to pay, out of the money in his hands, arising by the duties by the said adfc granted, unto such distiller or distillers, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, and in proportion for a greater or lesser quantity in that part of Great Britain called England; and in a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon, in that part of Great Bri

called Scotland, according to the respective stock of such distiller or distillers, as the same was taken by the officers of excise respectively, Jwho surveyed the several and respective malt distillers, between the twenty second day of October, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the commencement of the said act; and if the said collector shall not have money Efficient in his hands to pay the said sums so ordered, the of shall cause the same to be paid out of any moneys arising by the said duties.

III. Provided also, That every such distiller who shall apply Six days no for such allowance, shall give notice of his intention to apply tieetobe for the same, unto the collector or supervisor of excise of the fintlon mao district within which the distillery of such distiller is situated, piy for said P six days before such application to the commissioners of excise allowance, or justices of the peace respectively, in order that such collector

or

f Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. fe. f; (1

'or supervisor may attend, (if he thinks fit), to show unto such of or justices, how much the flock of such distillet* respectively amounted unto, according to the survey of the officers made in October one thousarld feveh hundred and eighty-four, as aforesaid*

Application

IV. Provided also That every such distrller^ intending tof to be made by apply for such allowance as aforesaid, shall apply fof the same Novi, 1785. w; thin six months after the first day of May, one thousand fe*hundred and eighty-five;

Allowance V Provided also, That after arty of the said eomrtfilfionefsr

when ascer or justices shall have once ascertained such allowance, the same

!aiu!d«n!ler had never after be examined into by any other of the com to be again J J

examined. missioners or justices.

VI. And whereas an account was taken of the flock in hand, at the several different corn disiilleries, by order of the commissioners of excise /// and Scotland reflectively, and by their proper officers, within ten days next preceding the commencement of the new rate of duties chargeable under the said at, and was so taken, cajly and computed at and after the rate of one to ten over hydrometer Regulations proof \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and for person8f every person, claiming any allowance by way of drawback as Reallowance, aforesaid shall and do present a petition to the of*excise in, England and Scotland respectively; in which petition shall be stated, not only the amount of the allowance claimed thereby, but also the particular place and places where the spirits on which such drawback is claimed, were made and diddled the particular period or time, within twelve months last precede ing the commencement of the reduced duties, when the flock of the petitioner, at each and every of such place of working was either entirely out or at the lowed state (if any was then in hand), the time next after such period when working began at each of such places respectively, and for how longtime worts' and wah were continued to be brewed and distilled therein re spe6lively, lhe quantity of Wash brewed, and oh which the dw ties on low wines and spirits have been charged, and actually paid by the petitioner, and the whole amount of the duties fa respectively paid within such period; and that the quantity of spirits sold and permitted out since the period, within such twelve months, at which the stock was either'wholly out, or at the lowed state as aforesaid, together with the stock so remaining in hand, and on which such drawback shall be claimed, (cast and computed at one to ten over hydrometer proof), did not amount to one fifth part of the quantity of wash, on which the duties chargeable on low wines and spirits had been charged', and actually paid by the petitioner within such period, respect being had to the dock in hand, if any was at such lowest state. Petition to be or when the petitioner so began working; to which petition ve^hfie^on (had be annexed an affidavit, made and sworn by one or more

03'of the petitioners, before any two or more of the said respective

of, or before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where such spirits were

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 3u

remaining in flock, verifying the particulars and matters flated in such petition; and every person or persons, who shall be Penalty on donvicted of making or taking, a false oath, to any of the facfts making false herein before directed or required to be sworn, shall be deemed oat*guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury;

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for repealing the duty imposed on tea by an act passed in the ( last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu, thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the re, moval of tea; for directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament,

entitled, An act for repealing the several duties on tea, 24 Geo. 3. e and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; 38. and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several rates, duties, and other impositions upon teaimported^sold, or used in this kingdom, Should cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that upon all tea, which, from and after the said fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, Should be delivered to the buyers thereof by the united, company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there Should be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, by the purchaser or purchasers of suck tea, a duty of twelve pounds teh finllings per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea Should be sold; which duty Should be paid as in and by that act is in that behalf directed and appointed: and whereas it is expedient that the said duty, by the J'said act granted upon tea, Should be repealed; and in lieu of the said duty, by the said act granted upon tea, to grant unto his Majesty the two new duties of five pounds per centum, and seven pounds and ten Billings per centum, herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftenir bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after From Aug. r the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty 1785, the duff ve, the said duty, by the said act granted upon tea, shall cease,^3^ b "determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except recited in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears of the said duty, a repealed, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively,

which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before the said first day of Aitgiift, one ihoufadd seven hundred and eighty-five.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, vql.xxxv. Y That

22 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74; [1785.

New duties in That upon all tea which, from and after the said first day of lieu thereof. August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be sold by the said united company, there shall be paid to the.

king's majesty, his heirs and successors, one duty of five

pounds per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold \ 2nd also one other duty of feveji: pounds and ten shillings per centum to be also computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold; which said duties of five pounds per centum, and seven pounds and ten billings per centum, shall be paid, by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea, to the said united company, at such time or times as 1 shall, by the conditions of such sales, be from time to time ap'

'for the payment of the price of such tea to the said

united company \ and the said united company flail at all times, together with the proper officers of the customs, make up an "account of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the.gross prices at which such tea shall be sold, and pay the same to the collector inwards of his majesty's customs, within forty days fiuty of 5 per after the expiration of each quarterly sale; which said duty of to be pqunc]s per centum shall be under the management of the

Management of of the customs for the time being, and shall be of comm if again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such tea (loners ofcuf to any place where a drawback of the duty on tea is now auow. toms, etc.^by jaw. an(] said united company shall also, at all times,

together with the proper officer of excite make up an account of seven pounds and ten Shillings per centum, to be competed

upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be sold, and pay the same to the of of etfeife for the time being within forty days after the expiration of each quarterlytale; Duty of 7l. which lad mentioned duty shall be, and shall be deemed and ios. percent, taken to be an inland duty, and shall be under the manage' to be under jpent of the commissioners of excise for the time being, and ment of the" be again drawn back and fepaid upon the exportation, of

commission such tea to any place where a drawback of the duty oa te ers of excise, is now allowed by law; and such tea hall and may, from time

ctc» to time, be exported to any place or places, where the exportation

of tea is now allowed by law, upon the same terms and conditions, and under and subject to the same rules, restrictions, regulations, and provisions, (not otherwise directed by this act,) which in and by an act made in the twenty first: year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti axe Geo. a, C tuled, An act for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an act of the eighteenth year of his present Ma reign \ and for enlarging the time for some of the payments to be made on the subscription of six millions three hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of an act of this session of parliament; or in or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to the exportation of tea, in force at the time of the passing of the said act,made in the last session of parliament, are contained, provided, settled or established, relating to the exportation of tea and such

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 323

rules, restrictions, regulations, and provisions, shall be in full Provisions in force, and be duly observed, p radii fed, applied, used, and Put Jeifti ex in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, portation of " upon such exportation of any such tea, anything herein, or in tea, to be ap any other act or acts of parliament, contained to the contrary plied in exin anywise not with (landing, ^in8this

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, C

That in case the moneys by the said act of the last session of Receiver ge parliament, directed to be paid to the receiver-general of the neral of the customs, (other than the duty on tea hereby repealed,) shall,

together with the moneys arising by the said duty of five pounds pua of duties, per centum, by this act granted, at any time in any one quarter to pay the (the necessary costs, charges and expenses of raising, receiving, same to the collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same being commission first deducted,) exceed the sum of eighty seven thousand one €U Q CXCI C hundred and thirty*six pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight pence farthing, the said receiver-general shall pay ovpr such ex cess or surplus into the hands of the said of of ex icife for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys that shall arise by the said duty of five Thejper founds per centum, granted by this act, (other than and except cent. duty such, excels or surplus as aforesaid)) all the arrears of the {^cfus)^be laid duty hereby repealed, shall be applied and paid by the said paid into the icoiiedlor inwards into the receipt of the exchequer, upon the exchequer; several distinct heads of Subsidy or Customs, as the duty hereby repealed has been paid in there, pursuant to the said act of the last session of parliament; and the said duty of seven pounds and and also the tert Shillings per centum, hereby granted, together with such, ex *ni°^u^er tess or surplus as aforesaid, shall (all dofts, charges, and expenses cen'u bf raising, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and payitlg the same being first deducted) be, by the said of of ekeife for the time being, distributed in due proportion to the respective heads of excite to which the inland duties bn teas, repealed by the said act of the last session of parliament were applicable, and shall be by them paid into the receipt of the exchequer, at the rate of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy nine pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence halfpenny per quarter; and such moneys, so paid Application into the receipt of the exchequer, by the said collector inwards, of the duties, and commissioners of excise, respectively, shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the said duty on tea, repealed by the said. act of the last session of parliament, were applicable unto; and in case, in any one quarter, the moneys arising by the duties granted by the said act of the last session of parliament,

(other than the duty on tea hereby repealed,) together with the said duty of five pounds per centum by this act granted, over and above all costs, charges, and expenses of raising, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, shall be lefethan the sum of eighty seven thousand one hundred and thirty-six pounds, sixteen Shillings, and eight pence farthing,

324 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. 6.74. [1785.

the said receiver-general shall return a certificate thereof into the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer aforesaid; and in case, in any one quarter, the moneys arising by the duty of seven pounds and ten Shillings per centum by this at granted, together with such exbefs or surplus as aforesaid, over and above all costs, charges, and expenses of rafsing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, shall be leis than the sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy nine pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence haffpehny, the said of of ( excise shall return a certificate thereof into the said office of the In case of a auditor of the receipt of the exchequer aforesaid; such dedeficiency of ficiencies respectively shall, from time to time, be made good

fam^t^be y or out rnoney as ke or rettia*in in the receipt of

made good exchequer of or for the furpiuftes, ex cedes, or overplus

out of the money, or other revenues composing the fund commonly called sinking fund. The Sinking Fund, at the quarter day next after the said certify cates respectively shall have been returned into the office of ttye auditor of the said receipt; and whatever moneys shall be i(turd out of the said fund to make good such deficiencies respectively, shall be replaced by or out of the first supplies to be thereafter granted by parliament.

Receipts of V Provided always, and be it enacted, That the receipts of commission tj, e commissioners of excise, or the major part bf them, shall a7u % piente a diffident discharge to the receiver-general of the customs difehavge to for such moneys as he shall pay to them in pursuance of this receiver ge ad, and such receipts shall severally be allowed by the proper neralofcuf officer or officers in passing' the accounts of such receiver ge tom8' neral, '*

Surplus of

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be a^fiwd That if the moneys hereby directed to be paid to the commis Turners of excise shall, in any one quarter, produce, over rind above all costs, charges, and expenses of rafsing, receiving, collecting, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, m6re than Efficient to satisfy the said sum of one hundred and thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and seventy nine pounds, five Shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, the surplus which remains, after satisfying that sum, shall be paid by the said commissioners of excise into the said receipt of the exchequer, and be applied towards making good the like sums charged upon the said subsidy and duty on houses, windows and lights, in the next succeeding quarter,

VII rfnd whereas, by the before recited act of the last feffen of parliament, the several duties and other impositions of exeije upon coconuts or coffee are repealed, and sundry duties are granted and charged on coconuts and coffee imported in lieu thereof; be it en moneys to acted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys that shall are anche paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, coa nuts and for and on account of the said duties, shall be, and are hereby cv>ffee, howto appropriated, and shall be applied in manner following; vide be applied, //^ ons moiety Qr half part thereof shall be carried to, and

made

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74.i 325

made a pait of the fund, commonly called The Aggregate. Fund; and the other moiety shall be carried to, and made a part of the fund, commonly called The General Fund; in lieu of the Former inland duty on coffee so repealed; and shall be issued, paid, and applied to and for the same uses and purposes as the said respective funds are subject, liable, and appropriated unto. (

VIII. And whereas, by a clause in a certain aft) t made in the Recital of a twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for clause in 21 repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Bri eo 3* C tain and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of, the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties itn posed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an at 'made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act; it was enacted

That no tea, exceeding the quantity of forty pounds weighty not being in the original chejl in which the same tea was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same state in which it Was so imported, at any one time, directed to one and the same person, or persons where there are two or more in joint trade or partnership

Should be removed or carried from any city, town, parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, not within the said city, town, parish9 or place, from which the same Should be so removed or carried, under and subject to the forfeitures in the said act mentioned; and by another clause in a certain other act, made in the twenty second year of his Majestfs reign, entitled, An act for repealing the duties payable for a Geo. 3. beer and ale above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties cof excise, and not exceeding eleven Shillings the barrel, exclu (ive of such duties, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and also additional duties on fope made in Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said additional duties on coaches and on other carriages; and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and Other duties of excise; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise who may hear causes depending before them relative to the duties on male servants; the removing or carrying tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weighty in manner in the same aft mentioned, was prohibited, under the forfeitures in the same aft mentioned; and the last mentioned clause is amended and enforced by another clause in a certain other act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of hu Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the more effectual pre^C

venting the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for put 70. tipg a (lop to the private distillation of British made spirituous

y 3 liquors }

3*6 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii IIIl C. 4. [1785.

liquors; for explaining such part of the act impqfing a duty'upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rectify a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with respect to the femoval of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious actions against officers of excise acting in pursuance of the authority given by excise Statutes; IV here by it is matted. That if any tea, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds weight at any one time, directed to one and the same.

-, person, or persons (where there are two or more in joint trade

cr partnerfo p), and not being in the original chejl, in which the < same was imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants

of England trading to the East Indies, and then continuing in the same ft ate in which it was imported, Should be found removed

or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, from any city, i own+parish; or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any other place out if the limits aforesaidj not within the said city, town, parish, or place, from which the same Should be Jo removed or carried, all such ted, together with the cani jlers, bags, and other package, containing the same, and the vessels and boats, and the korfes, and other cattle and carriages employed in removing and carrying the same, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be seized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas the' rejlrqining the removing tea from one city, town, parish, or place to another, without the limits of the chief office of excise in London, to( fd small a quantity at one time as twenty pounds weight, has been From Aug. i, found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and af 17*85, the re ter the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and replied CS eig^ty'five? the said several clauses shall be, and the same arej hereby repealed.? 1' 1;

aljthepowers

IX. And be it further declared and enacted, That all the pow and provisions ers, authorities, methods, rues, directions, regulations, penalties,

10 and forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and other acts in by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his late ma force at the'jesty King George the First, entitled, An act for repealing certain pasting the tea duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, coconuts, chocolate, session for cocoa Pffie imported; and for granting certain inland duties in licit

raising', re thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, covering, C and cocoa ptijlb; and for better, dfeertaining the duties payable upon the duty coffee, tea, and coconuts imported; and for granting relief to Ro

ectto be^111* hext ite earl of Carnwath; or in any other act or acts of

deemed to parliament; relating to the duties upon tea, in force at the have been in time of passing of the said act made in the last session'of parlia force for fc rnent, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for ma n2sing, a lie fling, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, ad by the said judging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, 'or securing the tea aft, and duty thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and pu shall) be ap rifling frauds relating thereto, fhaltbe deemed and taken to in exe "have been in full force, to all intents and purposes, from the' ci^nng t is tjme 0£ the pa(fulg of i jie said act, of the last session of parliament

*» - j for

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74.' 337

for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaihing, enforcing, or securing^said duty hereby repealed, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto; and the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the managing, assessing, raising, levy,ing, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several duties by this act granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes (so far as the same are not altered by this act), as if the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re enacted in the said act passed in the last session of parliament, or in this act.

X Provided always, That nothing in this act contained isfot to subject shall extend to subject any person or persons to any penalty or to forfeitures forfeiture for any act done or committed by him or them before before the the passing of this act, to which such person or persons would p^ffinshcre not have been liable if this act had not been made, anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And whereat, by several acts of parliament, the several duties Reciting re bf excise9 or inland duties, or certain proportions of such duties, pay gulations and able for or upon the several commodities after mentioned; that is to ^bferved°&c. say, Candles, leather, fope, hopspaper, pasteboard, millboard, and by officers of scaleboard, paper printed, painted or flamed, to serve for hangings customs, tin and other ufesfjlarch, gold or silver wire, and bricks and tiles, are der former allowed to be drawn back on exportation of the said several commo aits*

dities to foreign parts by way of merchandise: and whereas, by the said several acts of parliament, certain regulations are provided for preventing frauds in the exportation or relanding any of the said commodities., and certain powers and authorities are by the said several arts given to the cuhomers, collect! or s, or other officers of his Majesty's , customs, at the respective ports or places of exportation of the said several commodities respectively, to admimfier certain oaths, and to take securities for the due exportation of the said several and respective commodities, and to grant to the exporters thereof certificates or debentures for the allowance of the duties on the said commodities so exported respectively: and whereas the requiring those regulations, powers, and authorities, to be observed and executed by the customersy collect! or s, or other officers of his Majesty's customs, has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the tenth day of August, one thousand fe Such parts of yen hundred and eighty-five, such parts of such several acts of^fea&s reparliament as require the said regulations, powers, and autho ea e*rities, to be observed and executed by the customers, collectors, or other officers of his majesty's customs, shall be repealed, and

If' '

328

tromaiig.to, 1785, any such commodities, for which the duties are paid, may be exportecj.

Notice to be given before packing up the same.

Penalty on opening packages, C

If such goods shall not be packed agree able to former notice, a freth notice to be given.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. [1783.

ball be ro longer observed or pra<3ifed; and that, instead thereof it shall be lawful for such officer or officers of excise, as the? ponfimissioners of excise shall appoint for that purpose, and they are hereby required to execute all and evety the said regulations, powers, and authorities, as fully and effectually as the customers, collectors, or other officers of the customs, might have done before the passing this aeff.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of Mgust, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, who shall have paid all his majesty's duties by any act: or acts of parliament payable for any of the respective commodities aforesaid, or for any person or persons who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any of the said commodities, from the person or persons who actually paid his itylajesty's duties thereupon, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such respective commodities, for which all the duties, shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to thedirections here in after mentioned; that is to say. The person or persons, so intending to export any such commodities, shall give twelve hours notice, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such commodities, and of the time and place when and where the same afe intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland; and such officer or officers shall attend to see such commodities packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and fealeci with such seal or mark, and in such manner, as thp said respective of shall direct'; and if any person shall open such package, or wilfully destroy or deface such seal or mark, (save and except the officer of excise at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned), every person f offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and the officer or officers who saw the said commodities packed up, shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the said commodities so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such of to receive the same, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing.

XIII. Provided always, That if the person or persons, so intending to pack up such commodities, shall not begin and proceed to pack up the same at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour after such time, then such notice shall be void, and such person or persons, so intending to pack up such commodities, shall be obliged to give a frefit notice to such officer or officers of the time and place when and where such commodities are intended to be packed up in order to be exported

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 329

ported; and the person or persons, so intending to export such commodities, shall also give six hours notice of the time and place of shipping such commodities, unto the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend andtee the same put on shipboard; and the exporter of the said Exporter to commodities shall also, before the shipping the same, give fuf give security ficient security, to be approved of by the respective commifli fr the hip oners of excise, or the person by them appointed for that pur thereof, pose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back that the particular commodities, so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unffiipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put on board. any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; which security the officer of excify of the port where the said commodities shall be exported, is hereby directed to take in his majesty's name and to his majesty's use; and the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath, (or affirmation, if a < % ttafor), that he believes the duties upon such commodities had been fully paid, and that such commodities are the same that are described in the account sent as aforesaid, by the officer in whose presence the V same were paeked, to the officer attending the shipping, (which oath or affirmation the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer appointed by the commissioners for that purpose, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said surveyor or and shall re supervisor, or other officer aforesaid, and the officer who attend ceive acerti ed the shipping the said commodities, being satisfied of the truth ^rointhe thereof, shall, within one month after the exportation of the said commodities, give to the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, a certificateor debenture, expressing the quantities and kinds of such commodities so shipped, and that all the duties have been paid for the same, and that security hath been given, before the shipping the same, for the due exporting the same; and such certificate or debenture, being produced to the collector of the port where the same commodities were exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid for such commodities so exported, or of such part and so much of the said duties for such respective commodities so exported, as may now be drawn back or allowed on the exportation of any of the said Commodities respectively by any law or laws now in force; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands tp pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise irf England or Scotland are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of such duties as drawbacks or allowances, granted upon the exportation of the same commodities, are now payable ay law respectively.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the officer Officer at attending the shipping such commodities, if he thinks it northeast tending the cefiary, to open or examine such commodities at the port of exportation, in order that he may satisfied that (qcli goods may examine

33°

Goods landed, etc. after giving security for obtaining the drawback, to be forfeited.

Recital of 16 Anns, C 19;

and 12 Anns, C

fromaug.to, 17 ssi certain parts of the recited acts repealed.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. [1785.

are the same that are described in the account sent to him by the officer in whose presence the goods were packed.

XV. Provided always, That if, after the flapping any such commodities, and the giving or tendering such security as afore, ip order to obtain a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid or charged thereupon, the same commodities, of any part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain, hip wreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted, that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said commodities which shall be so unshipped; unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great bri tain, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise.

XVI. And whereas by another act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen' Anne, for laying several duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; also by another act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, and stuffs, the duties of excise, or inland duties, payable on silks, calicoes linens, or stuffs printed painted Jlained^ or dyed in Great Britain, are allowed to be drawn back on the exportation of such goods to foreign parts by way of merchandise, and several regulations are provided by the said acts for preventing frauds in the exportation or relanding of such goods; and certain powers and authorities are thereby given to the customers or colie ft or or other officers of his Majestfs cufoms, at the respective ports or places of exportation of the said goods, to administer certain oaths, and to take securities for the due exportation of the said goods, and to grant to the exported certificates or debentures for the allowance of the duties on goods fa exported: and whereas the requiring those regulations powers and authorities, to be observed and executed by the customers, collectors, or osier officers of his Majestf's cujlomsy has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of August\ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, those parts of the aforesaid two acts of Queen Anne which require the said regulations, powers, and authorities, to be observed and executed by the customers, collectors, or other officers of his majesty's customs, shall be repealed, and shall be no longer observed ot practised; and that, instead thereof, it shall be lawful for such officer or officers of excises the commissioners of excise shall appoint for that purpose, and they are hereby required to execute all and every the said regulations, powers, and authorities, a fully and effectually as the customers, collectors, or other officers of the customs, might have done before the parting this act.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 331

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said tenth day of August one thou fromaug.ro, sand seven hundred and eighty-five, it shall be lawful for any 1785, any such person or persons who shall have paid all his majesty's duties ^idi^he^ for any such silks, calicoes, linens, or stuffs, printed, painted, ties havebe^n stained, or dyed in Great Britain, or for any person or persons paid, may be who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such goods from exported, the person or persons who actually paid his majesty's said duties, at any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, to export any such goods, for which all the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions, herein after mentioned; that is to say, the person or persons intending to export any such goods Notice to be shall give twelve hours notice within the limits of the chief Slvei? before office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other same places in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up such goods in order to be exported, and of the time and place when and where the same are intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland and such officer or officers shall attend to see such goods packed up, and (halt take care to measure the said goods, and to see that the seals or (lamps, denoting the payment of the duties thereupon, are taken off from every piece of such goods before the same are packed up; and every such piece shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such seal or mark, and in such manner, as the said respective of shall direct; hnd if any person shall open such package, or wilfully destroy Penalty on pr deface such seal or mark, (save and except the officer of excise at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned), every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and the officer or officers who law the said commodities packed up shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of such goods so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer, who shall be Appointed by such of to receive the same, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing.

XVIII. Provided always, That if the person or persons soon failure of intending to export such goods, shall not begin and proceed to beginning to pack up the same at the time mentioned in such notice, or ^bfetogformer within one hour after such time, then such notice shall be void; notice, afresh and such perfortor persons, so intending to pack up such goods, notice to be shall be obliged to give a fresh notice to such officer or officers, given, of the time and place when and where such goods are intended to be packed up in order to be exported.

XIX. And whereas, by an act passed in the present session of parliament intituled An act for repealing the duties on linens to C a be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and on cotton stuffs, muslins,

233 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 17$$.

fustians, velvets and velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed; and upon the importation of linens, cotton stuffs, muslins, fustians, velvets, and velve rets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in foreign parts, every piece of linen or stuffs? or stuffs made of C ottcn, to be printed, painted, stained, ri Great Britain, after the first day of August,

one thou fund even hundred and eighty-five, is required to have a seal or ft amp denoting the payment of the duties thereupon, and also a frame mark denoting the measure thereof at both ends of every such piece; and all the regulations of the said act are enacted to extend to all fllks? calicoes, linens, and stuffs to be printed, painted, flawed? or dyed? in Great Britain, after the said first day of August, one thousand f even hundred and eighty-five; be it enacted by the au dtireftionsre thorny aforesaid, That whenever any person shall be desirous latrve to fi ks, Of packing up, in order to be exported, any piece or pieces of ^nte^d'or^' s, calicoes, linens, or stuffs, printed, painted, stained, dyed before 9r dyed, before the said first day of August? one thousand fevea Aug. 1, 1785, hundred and eighty-five, and not having such seals or stamps and designed denoting the payment of the duties, and such frame marks de tfoncxp°rta" not^ng the measure thereof, at both ends of such piece or pieces, such person, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath (or, be ing a Quaker, affirmation) before the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer of excise appointed by the commissioners of excise for that purpose (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that all and every such piece and pieces were printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain before the said first day of August, one thousand feveri hundred and eighty-five; and such officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, any piece of silk, linen, or stuffs, which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain? after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, not having the seals or stamps denoting the payment of the duties, and also the frame marks denoting the measure thereof, distinct and plain, at both ends of every such piece; which frame marks shall be cut off from both ends, at the same time as the seals or stamps denoting the payment of the duties ate cut off from the same; and the person or persons intending to export such goods shall also give six hours notice of the time and place of shipping such goods, unto the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped. Exporter to w ho shall attend and see, the same put on shipboard; and the tba" the2^ exporter f the said goods shall also, before the shipping the goods shall same giv€ sufficient security, to be approved of by the commis not be reland sioners of excise, or the person by them appointed for that pur ed in Great pose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, Britain, etc. that the particular goods so intended to be exported, and every part; thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not he qnshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain, shipwreck, or'other unavoidable accident, excepted; which security the officer of excise of the ppj j where the said goods (frail be exported, hereby directed

t

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. 333

to take in his majesty's name, and to his majesty's life: and the said exporter, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath, (of

affirmation, if a Quaker), that he believes the duties upon such

goods had been paid, and that such goods are the same that are

described in the account sent as aforesaid by the officer in whoso

presence the same were paeked, to the officer attending the

shipping, (which oath or affirmation the surveyor or supervisor,

or other officer appointed by the commissioners for that purpose,

is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said Surveyor, etc,

surveyor or supervisor., or other officer aforesaid, and the officer within a

who attended the shipping the said goods, being satisfied of the

truth thereof, shall, within one month after the exportation.of tqgive a cer

the said goods, give to the said exporter, or his clerk of mana tificate to the

gera certificate or debenture, expressing the quantities and exporter, -

kinds of such goods, and that all the duties have been paid for Stifle him to

the same, and that security has been given before the shipping a drawback.

the same for the due exporting the same; and such certificate

or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where the same goods were exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow 1

to the persons so exporting the same, or their agents, a draw;

or allowance of the duties before paid for such goods so,

exported; and if such collector shall not have money in his

hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise

in England, ox Scotland are required to pay the said drawback,

or debenture out of the duties upcn silks, calicoes, linens, or

stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain.

XX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the officer Officer at <*the shipping such goods, if he shall think it necessary, tending the; to open and examine such goods at the port of exportation, in shipping order that he may be satisfied that such goods are the same that famine the are described in the account sent to him by the officer in whose same, presence the goods were packed.

XXI. Provided always, That if, after the shipping any such Goods, after goods, or giving or tendering such security as aforesaid, in order (h'pped for to obtain an allowance or drawback of the duties Aforeupon, ^t^lon# the same goods, or any part thereof, shall be unshipped, uri shall be for ladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel leited. within Great Britain, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; then, and in every such case, over and above, the

penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said goods which shall be so unshipped,

Unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within.Great Britain, shipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, y

excepted, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Nottoautbo* shall extend to authorise any person or ersons to export any nfo the ex' goods whatsoever, to any, foreign parts whatsoever, other than another such person or persons might have done by law before the make goods, " ing this act.

XXIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained

"' 4haji

334 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74.

[178

or in any mail authorise any person or persons to export any goods what* other manner soever, in any manner whatsoever, other than such person of than might be persons might have done before the making this act, save and the passing6 except as n this at is expressly provided.

hereof.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing in this acts contained

Not to in title foall extend to entitle any person or persons to any other draw' exporters to back or allowance, upon the exportation of any goods whatso anynewdraw ever, than such person or persons would have been entitled tc?

by law upon the exportation of such goods before the making this act.

XXV. And whereas, notwithstanding the several laws already made for the securing the duties on candles, and for protecting the fair trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and in No Person to digtnt persons. are encouraged in such practises by the length of make candles, tme allowed by the laws for the payment of the duties on candles % within the for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid limits of the That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand unless5^: seven hundred and eighty-five, no person or persons whatsoever* cupy a tene" residing within the limits of the head office of excise in London ment of iol. shall be permitted to make any candles, unless such person or per ann. and persons shall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly va

rate^for the ue ten pounc's or upwards, and for which he, she, or they same shall accordingly be a defied in his or their own name or names

nor in any an awm also Pay to the parish rates; and that no person or other part of persons whatsoever, residing in any other part of the kingdom the kingdom, where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted td make any candles, unless such person shall be assessed and pay poorf^ to church and poor in the several parishes and places in which they shall respectively reside; and that no entry of any melting' house, workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, or place, so? the making or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keepr ing of wax, spermaceti, tallow, or other materials to be made into candles, already made or hereafter to be made, as required by the Statutes in such case made and provided, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons, so making entry, shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every person making candles and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a perfotj making candles without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making candles without entry are, by the Statutes in such case made and provided, ftovfr subject unto.

Recital of

XXVI. And whereas, by a clause in an act passed in the eighth yea?

two clauses in of the reign of Shteen Anne, entitled, An act for laying certain 8 Anne, C 9. duties upon candles, and certain rates upon moneys to be given with clerks, and apprentices, towards raising her majesty's supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and ten, it was enacted, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in London, Westminister, or in any parts within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, Should monthly, and

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74.

every month, and all and every person or persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in any other part of Great Britain, shouldy once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writings at the next office of excise, of all the candles by him or them severally made within such month or six weeks respectively \ which entries were to be made in manner as therein expressed 5 and by one other clauji in the same af it was further enabled, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in London, Westminster, or within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality > Should, within four weeks, and all and every person and persons whatsoever, who Should make any candles in any other part of Great Britain, Should, within six weeks, after he, she, or they Should make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and dear off all the said duties for candles which Should be due from himy hery or them respectively: and that all and every such makers of candlesy who fioould refuse or neglect to make such payment as aforesaid, Should. forfeit and loje, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty; and whereas the also whig so long time for the making the entries, and for the payment of the duties, as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and also to the fair trader, as evil minded and indigent persons have been encouraged thereby to make candles, and have made entry of the candles by them made, but have neglected to pay the duty when duey and before the time that the duty could be recovered, have absconded from their respective dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the same; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the above recited clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five all and every person whatsoever, who shall jnake any candles, shall weekly, and every week, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of ex? cife, of all the candles by him, her, or them severally made within each week $ which said entries shall contain the weight, dumber, and size, of the candles mentioned therein respectively, and what quantity was made at eachcourse within the said week to which such entry shall relate, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of entry, the sum of twenty pounds; which Entries shall be made upon oath by the makers of such candles, or by their chief workman or servant employed in making the same, according to the best of their knowledge and belief, unless such maker, workman, or servant, be a known Quaker, and the folemo affirmation of such maker or workman, or servant, to the same effect, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths and affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such candles as shall be made within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, be made with, and administered by, such officer or officers

335

The said clauses repealed.

All candles made to be enterediweek* ly, oaoafh*,

Particulars to be specified in the entry.

With and by

whom such entries and oaths shall be; made and administered.

336 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. [1785.

officers as shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise in England or the major part of them for the time being, who shall attend at the general excise office in London for that purpose; and for all candles made in all parts of Great Britain, with and by the respective collectors or supervisors of the district or division within which the respective makers of candles shall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Candlemakers said. That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who ttes withffi a: any candles in Great Britain, shall, within one week

week after after he, she, or they shall make, or ought to have made, such

entry. entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for candles

which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such maker of candles, who shall refuse or hegledt to make speh payment as aforesaid, 'shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such tnaker of candles, after such default in payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any candles, until he or (lie hath paid and cleared off his or her duty as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of such candles so delivered or carried but.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* from and aftel^the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every chandler, or maker of candles, before he, she, or they shall begin to work upon of make any course or making of candles whatsoever, shall give, to the officer of the division or place where such candles were intended to be tirade, notice in writing of the particular time and hour whendre of the shall intend to begin to spread cottons, wicks or rushes, for any such course: or making of candles, and also the hour and time, when he or she shall intend to begin to run in or dip any such cottons, wicks or rushes, which nonce shall be given as herein after is mentioned; that! is to say, if such making is intended to be in any place within the limits of the head office of excise in London, then such notice shall be given by the space of LIX hours next before the beginning of every such making; and if such making is intended to be iri any city or market town, out of the said limits, then such notice shall be given by the space of twelve hours next, be fore the beginning of every such making; and if such making is intended to be in any other place out of the said limits, then such notice shall be given by the space of twenty-four hours next before the beginning of every such making, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every time when any maker of candles shall begin to spread cottons, wicks, or rushes, or to run in or dip any such cottons, wicks, or rushes, without first, giving such notice as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if such intended spreading of cottons, wicks, or rushes,

and

Chandlers, beforfe they begin any making of candles, to give notice to the officer when they shall begin to fpwad cot tofli, etc.,

on penalty of joi.

In hat cases notice shall be void

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c*74.

and also such intended running in or dipping such cottons, wicks, or rushes, shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the respective hours and times mentioned in such notice, or within three hours next after such respective hours and times, then every such notice shall be null and void,

XXXI. And, in order to deter persons from assift ingin the private and fraudulent making of candles in unentered places, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Penalty on said fifil day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, when any officer or officers of excise shall discover that candlea pri 5 the making of candles is carried on in any private workhouse, vately: room, or place, whereof no notice ha been given at the next office of excise, and shall at the same time discover in the workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, where such private making of candles shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or any ways concerned in carrying on such private making of candles, every such person or persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds, over and above all penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker months im'of such candles shall be liable to; and it shall be lawful for the prisonment; officer and officers of excise, and all other persons acting in his or their aid, to flop, arrest, and detain, all and every the person and persons so discovered in such workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, and to convey the said person or persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons'

be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid, and the person or persons so convicted (half, immediately on such conviction, pay the said sum of twenty pounds into the hands of the officer who shall have conveyed such offender before such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied in manner herein after directed 5 and on such offender or offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of twenty pounds, the justice or justices, so convicting as aforesaid, shall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of two months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction; and the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said sum of twenty pounds, or until the expiration of the said two r months: and in case the person or persons so convicted shall be second of again discovered in any workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, fence, 40l. or - where the making of candles shall be so privately carried on, fou month assisting, or otherwise concerned in carrying on such private making of candles, he, she, or they, so again offending shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second of Y01. XXXV z fence,

All the powers, penalties, etc. contained to i Car. 2s Ck 24 or ady other law relating to excise duties, for collecting and recovering the duties thereby granted, shall be ap i plied in executing this act.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. [1785.

fence, the surin of forty pounds, and shall be committed to the hotife of correction in manner aforesaid, there to retfrain for and during the term of four months, or until the said sum of forty pounds shall be paid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, ditedtiofts, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon Ms Majesty'in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force re lating to his majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing of frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and faccessors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, anti shall be laid in the proper county \ and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 75, /£

defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them Treble coftf. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to extend the provisions of an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty a (lamp duty on the registry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings, to the registry of burials, births, and christenings of protestant dissenters from the church England.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble, reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for grant 13 Geo. 3. C ing to his Majesty a stamp duty on the registry of burials, mar 67. riages, births, and christenings,) a stamp duty of threepence was imposed on the entry of any burial, marriage, birth or christenings in the register of any parish preiinft* or place in Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to extend the provisions of the said act to all his Majesty's protestant subjects dissenting from the church of England; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and promo£l. r, after the first day of October one thousand seven hundred and cued'ae^ex '* eighty-five, the provisions of the said act, made in the twenty tended ropra third year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall extend to testantdif all his majesty's protestant subjects dissenting from the church of tenters. England; and that the registers of births, burials, and ehriften ings of such of them as use infant baptism, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them 3 and the registers of births and burials of such protestant dissenters as do not use infant baptism, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by them, shall be subject and liable to the stamp duties by the said recited act imposed upon the registers of births, burials, and christenings; anything: therein, or in any other law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for appointing of further to inquire into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and professions* during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for appoint qco CI ingcommissioners to inquire into the losses and services of all 80. such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government,) certain persons were constituted of for inquiring into the respective Losses and services of all such person and persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and

Go

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c.j6, [ifsg'i

posessions, during the late unhappy iijfentions in America, in confer quence of their loyalty to his Maj'ejly, and aitalbment to Abe British government: and whereas the purposes intended by the said act are not yet completed, and it is therefore necessary that the said act Should r be continuedbe. it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consens of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia commission rnent assembled, and by the authority of th same. That John Wilmot esquire, colonel Robert Ringston, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mackenzie esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constiruted of for the purposes in the said recited a d mentioned.

commission

II. And be it further enacted, That any two of ers to be in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the

sworn. same, shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the

time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required

to administer)) the form following $ that is to say,

Tlfe oatfr, T A. B do swears That, according to the befl of my skill and know

X ledge) I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feverat powers and trusts vejled in me by an act, (; entitled, An act for appointing of further to inquire, into the Losses and iservices of all such persons who have suffered in their rights,

properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissentrons. in America in consequence of their loyalty'to his Majesty, and

attachment to the British government,) according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said of, in this act named, shall likewise take the same oath before the said two of, who are hereby authorised and required to administer. same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

Commission

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

ers may exa jawfuj to anct for tie said of, or any two or more ctftoath* ie f them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to exaynine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer)) persons whom the said of, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; and aft such persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the fakl of at such time or place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

Commission

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That anvtotend the of, or any two or more of them, are for persons hereby authorised to meet and sir from time to time, at their or papers, present

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 76. §43

present place of meeting, or at such other place as they, or any two or more of them, tollfhs0k proper, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this at; and the said com to appoint missioner, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised clerks, e. to appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour, in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed ia him by the said of, and in all other things touch; the premises; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service'than such salary or rewards as the said of, or any two. or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it Persons dek shall have appeared to the of appointed by the said veringinfrau recited al, or shall hereafter appear to the of ap dulent claim pointed by this al, that any person hath delivered, or shall fro^any* €' hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real compenf&i loss sustained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more tien.

than a just compensation; if the said of, or any wo or more of them, shall have been or shall hereafter be of opinion that such account or claim was or is fraudulent, then such person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim, shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon Perronsgiving oath before the said of, or any two or more of them false evidence respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly t

give false evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly cortvidled, shall be and is and are hereby declared p J to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt per? jury are subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Limitation of

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for appointing the time for of to inquire int^the Losses and services of all such receiving persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and pro claiq^ sessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in con e

sequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the

British government), it was wasted That no claim or request of any f erf on or persons for aid or relief, on account of the loss of any property during the late dissensions in America, Should be received after she twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty?

34* Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. }6. [1785.

four: and whereas it may happen that fever#l persons may he deprived of the relief intended by the said as by reason of their having been incapable of preferring their claims during the time allowed by the saidafiy be it therefore enacted, That the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered to receive the claim or claims of any person or persons who shall, upon oath, prove to the satisfaction of the said of, or any two or more of them, that such person or persons was or were absent from the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and by unavoidable accident, or particular circumstances, to be judged of by the said of, or any two or more of them, was or were utterly incapable of preferring his, her, or their claim or claims, during the time allowed by the said ail y provided that no such claim or claims shall be received after the first day of.may* one thousand seven hundred and eighty LIX

VIII. And whereas several persons, resident in Nova Scotia, and aether of his Majestfs colonies in America, have preferred claims to the of appointed by the said recited act, or may hereafter prefer clams tinder this stand whereas it may be attended with great inconvenience to such perfom to come to Great Britain to fub commission Jlantiate such claims; be it therefore enacted, That colonel Theft appointed Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton esquire shall, and they are colonies to 6 hereby directed and required to repair to Nova Scotia, or any America to other of his majesty's colonies in America, to inquire into such inquire into claims, with the same powers and authorities for inquiring into claims; fpch claims as the of appointed by the said recited and this present ail, for inquiring into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and profeflipns, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment and in case of to the Tdritish government, are inverted with; and in case the difference of say of shall differ in opinion with respect to any require the claim, then, in such case, it shall be lawful for the said com amftance of missioner to call to their afliftanee the governor of any coloriy the governor, to which they may judge it necessary to repair; and the said case governor agreeing in opinion with either of the said commissi ofacommif ners, shall decide the matter or question in dispute; and in fioner, is to case of the death of either of them the said Thomas Dundas or suppiyhis Jeremy Pemberton, that then the governor of the colony, where place, such inquiry shall from time to time be carried on, shall be

added to and joined with the survivor of them the said Thomas Dundas and "Jeremy Pemberton and shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as the person so dying is hereby inverted with.

Commissionr

IX. And be it enacted, That the said of, or any er may ap jwo of them, are hereby empowered, if they shall think proper, to travehn118 to appomt> under their hands and seals, a proper person or per america to fons to repair to any part of the United States of America, to inquire into inquire into such sails and circumstances as they may think fails. o tnaterial

1785.] Anno s ylcefiicio quinto qeokgii IIJ. £, 76. 34

material for the better ascertaining the several claims which have been, or shall be presented under the authority of this or apy former act.

X. And whereas an act was passed in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, act to prohibit all trade and Intercourse

with the colonies of New Hampflire, Massachusets Bay

Rhode Island\ Connefluut, New York, New Jersey, Repfilvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,

North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prefept rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue thye landing and discharg tng, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town yand within the harbour of Boston, in the province of Maflar chufet's Bay j and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to graqf pardons, to 1 flue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes thereip mentioned $ whereby it was enacted, That all trade gnd commerce Should be prohibited with the colonies therein mentioned and that allships and vessels of or belonging to the inhabitants of the said colonies, together with their cargoes, apparel and furniture, and all other Ships and vessels whatsoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which Should be found tracting, in any port or place of the said colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading in any such port or place, Should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the Jame were the Ships and effects of open enemies, and Should be so adjudged and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other court $ whatsoever: and whereas vejjeh, effetls, goods, or merchandise, belonging to inhabitants of the said colonies, who were loyal subjects to his Majesty, may have become forfeited, qnd may hqve been adjudged and condemn as lawful prize under the said be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Goramissionr for the commissioners appointed by this act, to inquire into ?rs toenquirt loftes sustained in consequence of the said act, by any such in jsftainedin habitants, who shall give sufficient proof, to the satisfaction of consequence the said of, of their loyalty to his Majesty, and at of an act 16 tachment to the British government.' Geo. 3. c. 5.

Xf And be it further enacted, That the said of commission shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they ers to give an shall be thereqnto required, and as soon as possible after the de account of termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue?

of this act, without any further requisition, give an account of treasury and their proceedings, in writing, to the lords of of his secretariesqf majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries of te state for the time being.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the lords commifil Treasury tq oners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, Wfue, ooool. are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be to sonera" paid all such fqms of money, not exceeding tw9 thousand

344 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 76. [1785.

"pound per annum, to such person or persons as thp said cpm r miffiohers, or any two or more of them; shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public for paying moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so clerks, C issued and paid, shall be employed for the payment of clerks, xneffengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said of, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to bp taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or - on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall appoint; and which money so issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of pan -- liament.

Commission

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the said of being on half pay, as an officer of the navy on'taking the f army, shall be irititled to receive fqch half pay, not with foi lowing Handing any compensation that may be made to him for executing the powers of this act, on his taking the following oath before foraejustice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the lame;

oath, T A.B. do wear, That I had not, between'any

JL plate or employment of profit, civil or military, under his majesty9 besides such compensation as shall have been or may he made to me as a commissioner for inquiring into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and' professionsy during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence oj theip loyalty to his majesty, and attachment to the british government.

In case of the death, See. of a commilji oner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another.'

Continuance of the act.

And the taking the said oath shall be Efficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwitly rtanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, of any pne or more of the said of, during the recess of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person, so nominated and appointed, shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the of appointed by this act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force for one year, from the fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 77.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to amend so much of an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls y and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and other the places therein mentioned, as relates to manufactories of turpentine; for extending the provisions of the said act, so amended, to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, throughout that part aof Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the proprietor of a turpentine manufactory in potter's Fields, in the borough of Southwark, against the penalties he may be liable to under the said act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said manufactory from the provisions herein contained.

145

i

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a clause in an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, entitled. An act for the further and better regulation of build Recital of ins and party walls $ and for the more effectually preventing j4 Geo. 3. mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and other the paristies, precincts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint mary le bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex: and for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other persons against the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecung build '

mgs within the limits aforesaid contrary to law; it is ehafted.

That turpentine shall not be distilled or boiled, nor oil of turpentine N

and rosin drawn by distilling turpentine, nor oil and turpentine be boiled together, in a larger quantity than ten galions, within the limits aforesaid, in any workhouse or place contiguous to any other building, or in any place nearer to any other building than the dislance of fifty feet at the leaf, under the penalties therein mentioned: and whereas the said dislance of fifty feet is too small for the effectually preventing of accidents by fire from such manufactories, and it is proper that the same Should be enlarged, and that the provision of the said clause so altered Should be extended to manufactories of pitch and tar, and turpentine, throughout the kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the provision in the said recited act, respectng the making From Aug. 1, of turpentine, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and785; uo that, from and after the first: day of August, one thousand seven j^alfbe boiled hundred and eighty-five, it shall not be lawful for any person within 75 feet or persons, within that part of Great Britain called England, to of any other distill or boil any turpentine or tar, or to draw any oil of tur building pentine and rosin by distilling turpentine, or to draw any oil of, tar or pitch by distilling pr boiling tar, or to boil any oil and

turpeiv

34$ Aonp vi^efima quinto Georgii ijfc £, 77. [ 17s&

turpentine together, or to boil ny oil and tar together, above jthe quantity of ten gaffops/at one time, of $11 or any of the said Commodities, in any workhouse or place contiguous to any other butting, or in any place nearer, to any other building than the diffance of fevqnty five feet at the Ipast, (except ill houses or buildings now in use for carrying on such manufactories, and now legally entitled to be used for thojfe purposes), on penalty of upon pain that every person offending therein shall, for every xooh fuel offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds f

whijch forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with treble cost of suit, by action of debt, biff, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, lhaff be allowed, one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the poor of the parish, precinct, or place wherein the offence shall have been committed, and the other mojety thereof to such persons as shall sue for the same

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or becpnffrued to extend, to prevent sip wright barge builders, boat builders, or mast makers, or other person§ employed in building or repairing ships, barges, boats or other vessels, from boiling or mixing oil, and other materials, for the purpose of paying ships, barges, boats, or mast$f Proprietor of

III. And whereas doubts way arise, whether the proprietor of a the manufac certain manufactory of turpentiney pitchy and taryfituate in potter's Fields, in the parish of Saint John Horsey Down, in the borough of Southwark, which manufactory was expressly excepted from thf provifms of an ab passed in the seventh year of the reign of Shown Anne, intituled An act for making more effectual an act, made in the sixth year of her majesty's reign, for the better preventing of mischiefs that may happen byprey but which exception was repealed by the said recited act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre 7annajj c. 17. sent Majesty, may not have incurred the penalties by the said lap' mentioned a By inficied on persons carrying on the manufactory of turpentine in houses situate within less than fifty feet of any other. building: and whereas the proprietor of the said manufactory not having received any compensation for being deprived, by the said Iqfi mentioned aby of the exception in favour of his premifesy contained in the said ab of the seventh year of the reign of gtueen Anne, and the same having been repealed, without his know wledge and consenty it is reasonable that he Should be indemnified from any penalties he may have incurred, by carrying on his business at his said tnanufabory, since the passing of the said lafi mentioned ab; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proprietor of the said manufactory of turpentine shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all penalties and forfeitures by him incurred, under or by virtue of the said recited V act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise jnotwithstanding.

IV. And whereas the proprietor of the foi mayyfabory hath

'agreed

Exception in favour of

shipwrighte,

C

tory in Pot ter's Fields, exempted from any penalty that might be incurred under 14 Geo. 3. c. 78.

17 8 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 7 & 343

cmpensation for discontinuing the whole of his mo

nufattory, as well that of pitch and far as that of turpentine, at the place by him now occupied in potter's, Fields aforesaid be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proprietor Proprietor of of the said manufe^ory to continue carrying on the same, for and during the space of six calendar months, and no, longer*and that from thenceforth, it shall not be lawful for any person carry qjihi* or persons to carry oh any manufacture of pitch, tar, or turpen work for six tine, on the fcite of the said manufactory in Potter's Fields, except in houses or buildings constru<sed and continued in such lon55r* form and manner as is by this a directed and required with respect to manufactories of pitch, tar, and turpentine, hereafter to be made or erected.

V. And be it further enacted, That no a£uon or prosecution Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, actions for any penalty inflicsed or to be incurred by virtue of this act, unless the same shall be commenced within six calendar months next after such penalty shall have been incurred

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, public act. That this act shall be deemed and ^iken to be a public a; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen 5 and for regulating their trade

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preambles commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional and new rates and duties hereafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August From Aug. i, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there be raised, an 1785* the fol fwered, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and dus fqccessors, the additional and new rates and duties following; hawkers that is to say, and pedlars,

etc.

By every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other By every trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other hawker, C men's houses, and travelling either on foot, or with horse, hor an additional fes, or otherwise, in England, Wales or the town of Berwick r ann. upon Tweed, carrying to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods,

wares.

By every hawker, C travelling with a horse, or other beast of Burden, a further duty of sl.perann. for each beast.

Any hawker, etc. selling goods by auction to forfeit 50u for each offence.

9 & 16 Gul. S' e. J.

After Aug. 1, 1785, the whole of the former duties, and the present additional ones, must be paid on taking oiit the

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 78/ [1785.

wares, of merchandizes, an additional duty of four pounds for each year:

By every person so travehing with*horse, afs, or mule, or other beast bearing or drawing burden, the additional sum of*eight pounds yearly for each beast he Or (he shall so travel with, over and above the said fist mentioned duty, and over and a shove all other duties now payable by him or her.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this at, or in a certain at made at a session of parliar r ment held in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, (entitled. An attfor licensing hawkers and pedlars, for a further provision of interest for the t ran ft > port debt for reducing ofireland,) shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or empower any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other then's houses, or travelling either on foot, or with horse or horses, or opening a room or (hop, and exposing to sale any good, wares, or merchandizes by retail, in any town, parish, or place such person not being a householder there, or the same riot being an usual place of his or her abode, or of his or her. carrying on business, to vend or sell, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand fp ven hundred and eighty six, any goods or merchandizes whatsoever, by outery, knocking down of hammer, candle, lot, pareel, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the best or highest bidder is or shall be deemed to be the purchaser'j bat that every person and persons whatsoever, going, from town tp town, or to other men's houses, and travelling either on foot or with horse, horses, or otherwise howsoever, in England, Woles,

or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, either on his, her? or their own account, or by, for, or upon commission, or otherwise howsoever, who shall, from and after the aid.twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, vend qr fell, or expose or offer to sale, any goods, wares or merchaq. dizes, either on his, her, or their own account, or by pommission, or otherwise, by outery, knocking down of hammer, cap?, die, lot, pareel, or any other mode of sale at auction, or whereby the best or highest bidder is or shall be deemed to be the purchaser, shall forfeit and pay, Tor every offence, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and other trading person or persons, so travelling as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving his or her licence, as here after mentioned, and without any discount whatsoever, pay all duties granted or made payable by the said ac made in the feign of his said l^te majesty King William the Third; and alfq

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 78. 349

all duties granted, imposed, or mentioned in and by this preferst licence, with aft, payable or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the out any dif of for the time being for licensing hawkers, pedlars count and petty chapmen, or same person or persons authorised or deputed by them, or the major part of them, in writing uhdef their hands and seals; and upon payment thereof, and not otherwise, a licence shall be granted to them, subscribed by the said of for the time being, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the true.intent and meaning of this ancfthe said act made in the reign of King William the Third, and according to the duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such licence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such hawker, Every dealer pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person, so travel travelling ling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first day of August ^nceufarfeit* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be found trading lt as aforesaid, without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall be allowed by such licence, such person shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned; and that if any person, so trad Every hawker ing under and by virtue of any licence to him or her granted as ce hfs aforesaid, upon demand made by any person or persons autho ficencewhen rifed or appointed to demand any such licence by the commis requited by sioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen for an authorised the time being, or any two of them, under their hands and seals, ?aeon, or and upon producing or shewing such authority or appointmentt€l 810'to such person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon demand made by any justice of the peace, mayor, or constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, riding, division, town corporate, borough, or place, where he or she shall so trade, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce and shew unto such person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace; that then the person fa refusing shall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for nonpayment thereof shall suffer as a common vagrant and be committed to the house of correction -

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences by this act directed to be granted, or travel with such forged or counterfeited licence or licences, for any of the purposes aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in case any person shall let out to hire, or lend any licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with or under colour of any licence

Every person travelling with a forged licence forfeits iol.

Every person lending, or letting his licence to hire, after Aug. i, iforfeits Tol. and his licence.

Anno vice&ttfe <juint{jeorgii ML [1785.

?eet!trfe granted troto any other person whatsoever, or of any H 7 Sncc n whiomhis or herowri real name shall not be inserted

as the name of the person to whom the same is granted, the p&fcn letting out w hire, or lending any such licence, and tyre personfo trading with or utlder colour of any licence granted to any other person, or arty licence in which his or her own real ime shall not be inferred as the name of the person to whom Yhe same is granted, shall eadh of them forfeit the sum of ten |>6uridsj to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned: and in case any person shall beoottvicted, or have judgement against himfor lending hi or her licence to any other person or persons, contrary to this act, such his or her licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and be or (he shall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

Every person

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid trading with that it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons what or refusing to to ^cxzc and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chap

produce one, ttian* or Other trading personas aforesaid, who shall be found liable to be trading Without a licence, contrary to this actor who being detained till found trading shall refuse or neglect to produced licence dccord*paid*W tog to this at, after being required so to do for a reasonable p'time, in order to give notice to a constable, headborough, ti

thing ffian, or other peace officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry such person so feteed, unless they shall in the mean time'produce their respective licences, before same of his majestyvjustices of the peace of the county dr place where such offence or offences shall be committed 5 which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and strictly required, either upon confession of the party offending, or due proof by witness upon oath, (which he is hereby empowered to administer), that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid $ in case no such lieertce shall be produced by such offender before the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause fhesaid Turn of ten pounds to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods, wares, Or merchandises of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures, 'aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every eonfta That if any constable, headborough, or tithingman, or other iinff °cer or officers of the peace, shall refuse and negleds, upon

in the exeeu due notice, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assist tien of this, ing in, the execution of this or the said recited act, being the reat, to forfeit unto required, each and every such officer or officers, being 6ffl: ncereacil thereofconvicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, shall forfeit, for

each

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 78. $3$

efacfi and every such offence contrary to this act, the sum of teti pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Every hawkef

'jthat no hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading to

person or persons, going from town to town, or soother men's g^od^ware^ houses, or travelling either on foot, or with horse or horses or etc. in any opening a room or shop, and exposing to fate any goods, warefs, city or mars merchandizes by retail, in any town, parish, or place; such*

not being a householder there, or the same not being ah miles thereof tifual place of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on forfeits rol.*business, shall vend, fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares,

or merchandizes whatsoever, in any city or market town in England, Wales y or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the distance of two miles from the middle of the most central market place, by the usual or most common road, of any such city or market town; and in case any such person or persons shall vend, fell, or expose to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, in any city or market town in England

Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as before excepted), every such person shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as foerein after is mentioned.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing except it be herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to on a fair or hinder any person or persons from selling, or exposing to sale, mar ctday* any sorts of goods or merchandizes in any public mart, market,

or fair, but that such person may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this at; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Ifo hawker to not be lawful for any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other j trading person, travelling as aforesaid, to vend his or her goods county, etc. or wares, in any county, or city being a county of itself, or in case the town being a county of itself, in England or Wales y by virtue of justice8, at the any such licence as aforesaid, in case the justices, assembled at fer the general quarter sessions of the peace, shall have made an or Should have der that hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other trading made an or persons as aforesaid, shall not have liberty to vend theft goods der to the and wares in such county, city, or town, upon pain of forfeit contrar^, f ing, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds; and that no such order shall at any time be made, except at the quarter sessions next after michaelmas, to be held for such county city, or town, and shall not be in force until nine months after notice shall have been given of the same in some public newspaper, published or circulated in such county, city, or town respectively.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person of hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person,

shall vend any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any such penalties county, city, town, or place, contrary to any of the provisions as hawkers

in this a contained, such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, travelling

or without licence.

Ann vicesimo qurnto Georgii III. c. 7s, [178^.

or other trading person, shall be subject and liable to the like penalties as is by this act inflicted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading persons, travelling without licences kawkers, etc.,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the who were LI grft jay of August, one thousand feveft hundred and eighty

June4t?1735, lt be fr any person or persons who, on the

may setup' twenty-third of Jutie^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty any bufuaefs five, was or were duly licensed to trade as hawkers and pedlars, in the place to setup, occupy, use, or exercise any craft, mystery, or occu* resident Patlon dfed or occupied within this realm, in any place where inhabitants, they ihau he resident inhabitants, although they mall not have though not been brought up in such craft, mystery, or occupation, seven brought up years as apprentices, and also to set any person on work, in - maycemploy ^uch €ra^ mystery, or occupation, although such person shall therein pernot have been apprentice therein as aforesaid, any penalty, fons who have matter, or thing, contained in an act passed in the fifth year of not been ap the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled. An act containing diverse prentices. orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices,

to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any such persons, or their wives or children, shall be prosecuted for using or exercising any such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any city, town, or place, and shall make it appear that they had such licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the general issue pleacted, be found not guilty, in any action, bill, plaint, information, or indictment, for such cause exhibited against them; and in all cases where costs are allowed, such persons, so acquitted, shall be in titled to and shall receive double costs; and that no such persons, their wives, or children, during the time they shall uses and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or

place, shall be removable therefrom to his, her, or their lad legal place of settlement, until such person or persons shall become actually chargeable to such parish or place; any law now in being, relative to the settlement of the poor, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

No wholesale

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no trader in person, being a wholesale trader in English bone lace, in wool ri'ifh. Sood? Ien, linen, silk, cotton, or mixed goods, or any of the goods, a°hawker Ttc. wares or manufactures of Great Britain, and selling the same*by wholesale, dull be deemed or taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other aci relative to hawkers, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such person or persons, his, her, or their children, apprentices, servants, or agents, selling by wholesale only, shall go from koufe to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being subject or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in this or in any of the said as touching hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen; anything in this or in any of the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

This act not

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no to extend to thing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 78. 353

prohibit any person or persons iroiri selling any printed papers certain per been fed by authority, or'any fish, fruits or visuals, nor to Scribed hinder any person or persons who are the real workers or makers of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or their children, apprentices, agents, or servants to such real workers or makers of such goods, wares, or manufactures only, from carrying abroad, exposing to sale, and selling by retail or otherwise, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town 5 nor any tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness menders, or other persons usually trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying with hrm or them proper materials formending the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal How penalties, which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater sum ties above aol. than twenty pounds, shall be recovered, together with oofts of coy*re(tand suit, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by appropriated. #ction of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efthin, protecfion^ privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed 5 and one moiety of every such penalty

or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it funher enacted, That in all cases where How penal the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the ties under oi. sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before one of his qovered^awd* majesty's justices of the peafce of the county, riding, Shire, di appropriated, vision, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by voluntary confession

of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; one moiety of every such last mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and fear of such justice; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justice to the prison of such county, Shire, division, city, liberty, town, or piace, for such time, not exceeding six months, nor left, than one month, as such justice shall think flioft proper.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons ag persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judge grieved may ment of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon q^rterfef^giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and j|ons4 forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case

such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the vol. XXXV A a peace

£54; Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ylf.

[1785.

- peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby, impowered to futninpa and examine witrieffes upon oath and finally to hear and determine the same nd in case the judgement of tuch justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such judices to award the person or persons tp pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall feero meet. V.

XIX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid. All the povv That all' and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, ers contained methods, penalties, and forfeitures, exemptions, clauses, mate^ters> and things whatsoever, which in and by the said acct, made relating to the 1p the reign of King William the Third, or by any other law duties grast now in force relating to or concerning the duties by that at ed by thataft. granted, are provided, settled, or established, other than so far (except, etc.) as the same is, are or shall be inconsistent with, or contradictory or repugnant to, anything in this act contained, and other than in such cases Tor which different provisions are prescribed by this fliaribe appji ff, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in exceed in' execu cut.ion, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, tien of this' recovering, and paying, the several duties hereby granted, and abe enforce with respect to the same, as fully and effectually, to

all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

Penalty on

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per witnesseswho Pons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evi shall neglect dence before any justice or justices of the peace touching any of to appear, etc. tj^e matters relative to this act, or to the herein befcre mentioned act, made in the reign of King William the Third, qnd shall neglect or refuse so appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, and giye evidence before such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in such manner, and by such means, as are herein directed as to the other penalties.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid from paid into the time to time into the hands of the caftlier for the time being of the exchequer; duties' on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are di and entered recfled to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the jrparate, from said receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in ail others. which all the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties.

7

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79. 955

ties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever #.

the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annul crco*ties, and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victuallingi and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Defendants fons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted ma? pe; the for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of genera 1 u*this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be recovered against him or them upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs and recover awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. treble costs.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending mediciries; and certain lamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an at, made in the twenty-third year of the

reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled? An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on been 23 Geo. 3. ees to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending me C dicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under recite(i5 such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent; it was enacted, That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there Should be charged, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succesjbrs, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say)) all persons (except such as hadferved a regular apprentice ship to any firgeon, apothecary, druggifi, or ckemi/l> or such as had kept a bop for the space of three years before the passing of that act, for the vending of drugs or medicines only, (not being drugs or medicines sold by virtue of his Majestfs Utters patentj, uttering or vending medicines in Great Britain, Should annually take out a licence for that purpose, in manner therein prescribed; and where the persons so uttering or vending drugs or medicinesshould reftde within the cities of London antd Westminster, or within the dfiance of the penny pofly on every such licence there Should be charged a Jiamp duty of twenty Jhidings; and where the persons, Jo uttering or vending such

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79. (>7

drugs or medicines, Should re side in any other part of Great Britain there Should be charged om every such licence a Jiawp duty of fifte Jhih lings: upon every box, packet, bottle, or phial, or other iticlosure of any medicine under the price or value of two billings and sixpence, which Should be uttered, vended, or sold, by any p erf on or persons taking. such licencesi or by any person or persons under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent, there Should be charged a fl amp duty of three - pence: upon every box, packetbottle, r; />/; /£/, inclo

of any medicine of the price or value of two billings and sixpence9' and under the price or value of five /killingswhich Should be uttered, vended, sold, by any person or persons taking out such licences, r iy any person or persons under the authority of his Majestys letters patent, there Should be charged a stamp duty of sixpence7 every

box, packet, bottle, phial, indojure of any medicine of the

price or value of five shillings and upwards, which Should be uttered, vended, or sold, by any persons taking out such licences, persons

under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent, there tfioould be charged a f amp duty of one finding: now, we, your majesty's most'dutiful and loyal subjeefts, the commons of g/vj/ Britain, in parliament assembled, finding that it will be convenient and for the public service to repeal the said lamp duties, so made payable by the said recited act, and to grant unto your majesty the several new stamp duties herein after mentioned,; for securing a certain fund, for the payment of such annuities as by the said recited act were

charged upon the said lamp duties; therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of and repealed, the same, That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the rates and duties granted by an at, made and passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty a f amp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain lamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his Majesty's letters patent; shall cease determine, andte no longer paid or payable.

From Sept? t

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ties^howine fron^ anc after fd first day of September, one thousand fe are to be paid, ven hundred and eighty-five, there shall be raised, levied, col viz. ie61ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto

and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following; (that is to say),

For every That, for and upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or packet, etc. other enclosure containing any drugs, oils, waters, essences. tjn<^ures? powders, or other preparation or ^om whatso 18. in value, -- ever, used or applied*or to be used or applied, externally or id. aq.: internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention,

cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint incident to, or in any wise affe6ling^ the human body, which shall be uttered or

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79v 357

vended in Great Britain, there, shall be charged a stamp duty According to the rates following; (that is'to say,) where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure aforesaid, shall not exceed the price or value of pne shilling, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one penny halfpenny:

And where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, For every such phial, or there enclosure aforesaid, shall exceed the price or packet, etc, value of one shilling, and not exceed the price or value of two value Shillings and sixpence, there shall be charged a stamp duty of — 3d.

threepence:

And where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, Between is. phial, or other enclosure aforesaid, shall be above the price or and 59. in value of two Shillings and sixpence, and under the price or vale "rd. value of five [billings, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

And where the contents of any such packet, box, bottle, Of 5s. value phial, or other enclosure, shall be of the price or value of five or upwards, Shillings or upwards, there shall be charged a stamp duty of pne shilling.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained Duties not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the extend to ar rates or duties hereby imposed, any drug or drugs named of contained in either of the books of rates; (that is to say), the books of rates book of rates, fjubfpribed with the name of sir Harbottle Grim referred to stone baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the act of tonne by 12 Gar. 2. nage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of theireigri of King Charles the Second; or in the other book of rates, inti*°VX*71 tuled. An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes usually imported, and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to n the act of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, with rules, orders, and regulations, signed by the right honourable Spencer Compton, speflker of the honourable house of commons, and mentioned and referred to,

by an act made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George the First; nor to any medicinal'drug or nr un drugs whatsoever, which shall be uttered or yended entire, without ahy mixture hr composition with any other drug or in gularsurgeon, gredient whatsoever, by any surgeon, apothecary, chemist, or etc.; druggist, who hath feyved a rugular apprenticeship, or by any person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or arniy, under any commission or appointment which shall have been duly entered at the war office or navy office, or by any other person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this act; hut that all Such drugs shall and may be utters and vended by all such surgeons, apothecaries, chemists, and aruggifts, or other persons licensecf a aforesaid, freed and discharged from the rates and duties by this act imposed on drugs, in such manner as they respectively, before the passing of this act, and the said herein recited ft, migh. stave dene.

Aj 3 JV. Pro

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79. [1785.

nor to mix'Provided alto, That nothing hetein before contained shall tres, etc. extend qr bw construed to extend, to charge with the like rates', / regular fur^0t. duties any mixture, composition, or preparation whatsoever,

geons, etc. mixed or compounded with, or prepared from medicinal drugs', not claiming medicated or chemical preparations or corapositions, or other or^xchffive^ngrec*etlts bearing different denominations, or having different right to the Properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, which shall be ut preparing the tered or vended by any such furgson, apothecary, chemist, or fapae; druggist, as aforesaid, or by any such person who hath served

as a surgeon in the navy or army, under any such commission or appointment as aforesaid, the different denominations, properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies of which mixtures, competitions, and preparations, are known, admitted, and approved gf, in the prevention, cure, or relief of any disorder, malady, ailment, or complaint incident to, or in any wise affe£i V ing the human body; and wherein the person mixing, compounding,

preparing, or uttering or vending the same, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult, secret, or unknown art for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the same, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive right or title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the same, and which mixtures, compositions, or preparations, have not been, are not, nor hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, nor sold un vended, or expgfed to sale, under the authority of any letter der letters - patent under the great Teal, nor at any time heretofore have pttevvt|or ad been, now are, or hereafter shall be, by any public notice, ad noftru^s^etc vert^eo?ent» or by written or printed papers or hand bills, held t '*-out or recommended to the public by the makers, proprietors or venders thereof, as nostrums or proprietary medicines, or as' specifics, or otherwise, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any such distemper, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid Perrous vend V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thap hon^liable to every person^Great Britain, littering or vending any drugs, duties, to oils, Waters, essences, tin^ures, powders, or other preparations take out an or compositions whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or annual II applied, externally, or internally, as medicines or medicaments cence. for the prevention. Cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint

incident to, or in anywise affecting the human body subject to the duties herein before imposed, shall, annually, take out i Rates of du licence for that purpose; and that, for and upon every licence ties on LI f0 taken out by any such person who shall reside within the

cences. cities of Londonor Westminster, the borough of Southwark, or

within the limits of the penny poll, or within the city of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a stamp duty of twenty shillings; and for and upon every licence, so taken out'by any other such person, there shall be charged a stamp duty of five shillings. r

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That, for the better and more effectual levying and colledsing;

under the all the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under

management the government, care, and management of the of ottnecom 1., D,

missioner for or the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on

damps.*/ -. '. ... 1 damped

*7$5} Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ygk 35.9

damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ Inch officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary V and to provide and use such stamps1 to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite iti that behalf, and' to db alb other things tfeceflary to be.done for putdhg this act in execution with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are or isauthorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the paffidg of this act, any two or more Commi Hi ou of his majesty5s corximifnoners appointed for managing the du, sties arising by (lamps on vellum., parchment, artd paper, or ceifcesforone some person duly authorised by them, shall grafit licences to year from fuclt persons who apply for rfib same, 'tp utter or vend, in Sept. 1, 1785. any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, any drugs, or any hhie oils, waters, 'essences, tindures, powders, or other preparation ^ucu* or composition whatsoever, ufedf or applied, or to be trfed or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medig'ahients for the prevention, cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint incident to, of in anywise affecting the human body, nd subject to the duties by this act imposed; and the said. licences flia 11 continue in force for the space of one year, commencing from she first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all. 311$ every person andj persons, who shall take outi such licence for uttering or vending any such drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, shall take out a frdh licence for another New licences year, ten days at the least before the expiration of that year for to betaken*which he or she shall be so licensed, if he or she shall continue before1!he^ofd to utter or sell such drugs, medicines medicaments, or other expire, 'preparations or compositions aforesaid'; 'and shall, ltx like manner, renew such licence, from year to'yeas, paying down the respective sums due for the stamp oir such licences, as long a he or she shall continue to utter, or vend such drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by^he authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fiffft day of September, one thou Every person sand seven hundred and eighty fiv; ev no person whatsoever shall selling medi utter vend, or expose to fate, any drugs, medicines, medica cines ij'able to ments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, which oufa fiance shall be subject to the duty herein before imposed, unless he or forfeits 5lf*she shall have first obtained a licence in such manner as is herein before directed, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence,

3 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c.yg.

[1785.

the sum of five pqunds, tqi, be recovered and applied as herein after is directed

And, in order tv secure the duty hereby imposed) be if Persons vend further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every perfoa "ilnestotend faking preparing, or vending any such drugs, medicines, 'or' labeb to be medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, stamped, which which are subject to the duty herein - before i tnpqfed, shall, from are to be af time to time, send, or cause to be sent, to the said commission: fised to the ers of damps, or to their officers appointed by them for that. ms icme8. purpose, paper covers, wrappers, or labels, made for enclosing such packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inclosares, containing or intended to contain any such drags, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, with his, her, or their name or names, and any other particular word or thing printed thereon, to denote the value at which the same are respectively intended to be sold, in such manner and form as the said of shall from time to time direct, in order that the same may be damped with the several and respective duties hereby directed to be imposed, and marked, impressed, and distinguished with such other mark or device as the said of shall direct, and delivered again from time to time to such maker or vender, as occasion shall require; and all and every, the packets, boxes, bottles, or phials, or other enclosures, containing any drugs, medicines, medicaments, or other

Sactions or compositions aforesaid, uttered, vended, or ex

d to/fate, by any person or persons whatsoever, shall have'

parted, ftqck, fastened, or affixed thereto, such covers, wrapr

pers, or labels, stamped, marked, impressed, and distinguished

as aforesai^, in such manner as. the said of shall from

time to time direct.

£ penalty of! X And belt further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Tha

5l. on persons no perfdh" or persons shall utter, vend, or £xpose. to sale, any

vending.me pagjrel: box, bottle, or phial, or any other inclosure, edntain emmes with r \,* - P '*i

out a label ing any drug, medicine, ., medicament, or other preparation of

tco f*composition'aforesaid* subject to the stamp duties hereby im 4 " posed, tinless the cover, 'wrapper, or label, hereby directed tq

be parted, fttick, fastened; affixed to the same, shall be parted, stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto, and marked and stampeef as by this act is directed; or that shall have any cover, wrapper, or label parted, stuck, fastened, or aftjxed thereto, marked or stamped with a mark or stamp, of less denomination or value than by this act is cliredted, under pain that all and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for evedy, packer, box, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure, containing

any such drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation dr compofuion aforesaid, so uttered, vended, or exposed to fnle, the sum of fi ve pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after, directed:

: And, to prevent the cover, wrapper, or label, and the mark - or stamp thereon, hereby directed to be pajledy Jluck, fastened, or affixed' to every packet, bck> bottle, phial) or 'other inclosureftcon'taining

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79.

faining any drug, me dime, medicament, or other preparation or composition aforesaid, from being made use of again after they have been fid' and disposed of, to be affixed to other packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other inclosures, containing any drugs, medicines, medicaments, of other preparations or comp options aforesaid by which prac-\

lice's his Majesty's revenue might be leffiened and diminished. it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person Persons fell or persons shall, from and after the firflh day of September, one ing medicine thousand seven hundred and eighth five, fraudulently cut, tear or take off any mark or (lamp, in respect whereof or whereby txme for any duties are hereby payable, or denoted to be paid or payable feit. iol. to his Majesty, on any packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other jrrclosure, containing any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or composition aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of as aforesaid; or shall fraudulently paste, slick, fasteri, or affix to any such packet, box, bottle, or phiaj, any covers wrapper, gr label, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, tfip fgme having gnce been made use of for the purpose aforesaid; shall utter, vend, or expose to, fate any packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation., or composition aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or label, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid, and pasted, (luck, fastened, or affixed thereto; all and every person and performs so offending, in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay; he sum.of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. Andy to prevent persons from fraudulently selling or buying any covers, wrappers, or label), which have been before made use of for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed, or any packets, boxes, bottles, phials, or other enclosures, wherein any drugs, medi tines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, have been contained, and sold and disposed of with such covers, wrappers, or labels, pajled, suck, fajiened, or affixed thereto, be it

Further enadlecf by the authority aforesaid, That if any person bu 'me

or persons shall, from and after the first day of September, one labels for the thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, sell or buy any such purpose of cover, wrapper, or label, which hath before been made use for the being used a enclosing any packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other enclosure of o^bu^in^or any drug, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or com feiiing any ppfition, liable to the duty hereby imposed, in order to be again packet with made use of for the like purpose; or shall sell or buy any such a label, packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, with such cover, forfe*lt loi wrapper, dr label, which hath before been made use of as aforesaid, pasted, (luck, fastened, or affixed thereto; every such person 'so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Either buyer thority aforesaid, 'That if cither the' buyef 6r seller of 3hy or seller may

1; !'V'- - such

inform against the other, and be himself indemnified.

Allowances for prompt payment of duties.

Notice of the place of making or vending medicines, with the prices, C to be sent to the ffcamp office.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. C.

[1785.

such covera wrapper, or label, or any such packet, bo, bottle, ghial, brl^t^r enclosure, shall inform against the other party concerned in, haying or selling such cover, wrapper, or label, or packet, box, bottle, phial, or other idctosure, the party so informing (ftajl be admitted to give evidence against the party infbr^ed, against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by hlin br Iter incurred, and shall receive, the farpe benefit and advantage as any other informer shall be entitled to by virtue of this act for such information.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for the time being appointed to manage the duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall allow and jay to every person that shall be supplied with, or shall bring any paper covers, or wrappers, or labels as aforesaid, to the head office of damps, to be stamped in pursuance of this act, the duty whereof, hereby imposed, shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or upwards; after the rate of two pounds in the hundred pounds per annum; and if such duty shall amount to the sum of fifty pounds or upwards, after the rate of five pounds in the hundred pounds per annum, upon present payment of the said duty upon the said paper covers, wrappers dr labels, so to them supplied or by them brought.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every person and persons who (Kail make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, liable to the duties imposed by this act, before they respectively shall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, shall give or send notice in writing of the usual house or place, houses or places, where they respectively shall make, prepare, utter, vend, or expose to sale, the same; and also of all drugs, oils, waters, essences, tinctures, powders, and other preparations and compositions subject tq the duties by this act imposed, that shall be made, 'prepared, littered, vended, or exposed to sale by them respectively, or intended so to be; which notice shall be given or sent to the commissioners for the time being for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officer next adjacent to the place where such medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions, shall be made, prepared, uttered, vended, or sold; and the like notice shall be given or sent, by every such person or persons as often as they respective jy shall change their places for that purpose, or shall change or vary the articles, or any of them, in which they shall so deal; and which notice shall contain the true and just name and names of all such drugs, oils, waters, essences, tinftures, powders, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, by which the same respectively have been, or now are, or at any time: hereafter, shall calied, known, or distinguished, and the

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79.

kinds apd qualities thereof, and the price or prices at which the same shall be intended to be vended or exposed to sale, upon pain that every person, awaking default ip giving such notice as aforesaid, for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVI. And, in order to obviate any doubts which may arise in the construction of this, act for want of a particular specifieation, denomination and enumeration of the different drugs, oils, waters, essences, tin ft tyres, powders, or preparations or compositions which are charged with, or subject to the rates or duties by this act imposed, or to which the same shall extend be it declared and further enacted, That This a to the rates and duties hereby imposed on drugs, oils, waters, ef extend to the fences, tin&ures, powders, and other preparations pr compo nexed an^fto litions used or applied, or to he used or applied, as medicines aq articles of or medicaments for the prevention, rcure, t or relief of any di the like qua' ftemper, malady, ailment, or disorder, incident to or in any wise liti^a 5 affedjting the human body, and upon persons uttering or vending the same 5 and all the powers, proviliqns, articles, clauses, distributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed'or appointed by this act for the raising, levying, cojiedupg, and fecqring the said rates and duties, shall extend, and be deemed, and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said rates and dpties all and every the article and articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, by the respective names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other name or names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be calied, known, or di flipguished and also ail pills, powders, lozenges, tinclures, potions, cordials, electuaries, plasters, unguents, salyes, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, spirits, medicated herbs, and waiters, chemical and officinal preparations whatsoever, of the same or the like properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, with those articles so mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified therein, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale by any person or persons whatsoever, wherein and where a the person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing secretartor to sale the same, hath, or claims to have, any occult, secret, or [Claimed or Unknown art for the making or preparing the same, or hath or the medicines Claims to have any exclusive right or title to the making or pre are advertised paring the same, or which at any time heretofore have been, as nostrums, now are, or hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, under the authority of any letters patent under the great fear, or which at any time heretofore have been, now are, or hereafter shall be, by any public notice or advertise fnent, or by written or printed papers or hand bills, held out or Recommended to the public, by the makers, venders, or proprietors thereof, as nostrums or proprietary medicines, or as Specifics, or otherwise, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any such distemper, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid; shall also extend, and be deemed and adjudged so extend, to

; t t ff

zh

Ifcrfons counterfeiting marks, C guilty of felony.

Regulations of all former as, relative to stamp duties, extended to this act.

How penalties ar^tp applied.

How penalties are to be recovered.

r <.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79, [1785.

charge with the rates or duties imposed on licences, all and every person and persons respectively who (hairutter, vend,or expose to sale, any such preparations or compositions as aforesaid.

XVII A; nd be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this af granted, or shall counterfeit of resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or feccessors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell any vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be marked or stamped with any mark or stamp provided and used in pursuance of this or any other ad or als of parliament, for denoting the duties thereby granted, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed, or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or feccessors, of any of the said duties; then every such person so offending, trnd being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, with? out benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That dll powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaming of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and reflectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed,

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties, hereby imposed, shall be divided and distributed, (if feed fof within the spacefof six calendar months from the time of any such penalty being incurred) ip manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and see for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall and may be seed fqr and recovered in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster % for offences committed in, that part of Great Britain called eng land, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tivecd\ and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of julviciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed m

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 75.' 365

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, pri r vilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.'

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the pe In default of nalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and re prosecution stricted to the prosecuting for the same within the time hereint evt?e whole' before for that purpose limited and that in default of such penalties be profecetion within tyre time aforesaid, no informer or informers long to his shall have or be utitled to any part or share of such penalties, Majesty.

but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for justices may any justice of the peace, redding near the place where the of determine, fence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence natters rela* against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary niary^efls^ penalty, at any time within six months after the offence com ties, mitted or to be committed against this act; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any such information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses oh either side, and shall examine into the matter of; and Upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture according sis in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid 2nd satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves Appeal may aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then lie or they be made to shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value ^1qi1]|lsarter of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall le lons' be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, Shire, stewartry, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawfu} for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal so them shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

jamb videsirid qdittto fe^rgi i III [178gl

Witnesses That if any perfbii or per sobs shall be furaraoafd asa witnefar neglecting to or wittiefles to give evidence before such justice dr justicps of attend, forfeit the peace, torching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor or of the person or persons ac*used, and shall neglect or respfe to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse sot such, his, her, or their neglect of refusal, to be allowed 6f by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending; that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means; as hereinbefore directed as to other penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid'cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, of in any other form of words to the sameeffect, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say):

Form of con TJ E it remembered That on the day of

viction. j3 in the year of our Lord in the county of

AM. of was convicted before me C D. one of his Ma

jejlfs justices of the peace for the feud county, residing near the place where the offence was committed for that the said AB. on the day of now last pajl, did, contrary to'

the form of the jiatute in that case made and provided, [here (late the offence against the ad]; and I do dellare and adjudge that he the said AB. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid to be distributed as the law dir efts

Given under my hand and seal the day of

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in:making the discovery as in prosecuting the lame, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation dp not reduce the penalties to iefs than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges'; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, paid into the from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for exchequer. the tjme being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment,

and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, "and accounting for the same, being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such

manner.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

<7#5'1 Ahhd'viefesimo f.

manner, as the duties', now charged on statnpetf vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office and to be kept of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kfept a fepa^ate front book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the saidiegot er (u "rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as afpre said, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said Application receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the pay thereof, mem of the several annuities, and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of parliament passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for raising a certain sum of money by ivay of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, Defendants molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or may plead tfye executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or Seneral issue, thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have and recover treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or treb*e co "s plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this al refers:

Containing the names by which many medicinal preparations now in use, subject to the duties by this act imposed, are known and distinguished.

DRUGS, OILS, WAT E R S, etcetera, used as medicines; commonly called

Analeptic pul, Doctor james's.

Ague and Fever Drops. anderson's Scotch paiis. Andalusia Water.

Anodyne Necklace. Antipertuffis.

Antirheumatic Drops. Baifamic Eleftuary for the Whooping Cough. bateman's Drops.

betton's original British Oil. Beaume de Vie.

bin's Martial Balsam. rostock's Grand Elixir.

cox's Tincture,

daffy's Elixir.

dalby's Carminative.

Daw ton's Lozenges.

Doctor dickinson's Cephalic Drops.

edward's Ague Tincture.

Essence of Water Dock.

falck's Universal Pills.

freeman's Bathing Spirits.

Fryaris Balsam.

fendon's Drops.

godfrey's Cordial.

grant's Drops.

griffin's Tinftura Afthmatica. hickman's Pills.

hill'speftoral Balsam of Honey.

hill's

Anno vleefirno quinto Georg 11 ill c. 8&. §17*;

ils Tincture of Sage.

Dittp Tinware of Valerian. Ditto E fletice of Water Dock: Ditto Elixir of Bardana.

Dittp. Tincture of Centaury'. Ditto Canada Balsam. hamilton's Cinnamon Drops; Ditto, - Asthmatic Effluvia. Ditto - — Vegetable Balsamic Tinfifure.

hooper's female Prills. holdsworth's Lozenges; hunter's Elixir.

' Ditto — Restorative.

james's feverj?owder.

Jesuit Drops.

johnson's Yellow Ointment jjceyfer's Pills.

leake's Pills.

Lozenges of Blois.

Ditto -- of Tolu.

Ditto 'stomachic.

Ditto -- Specific.

Ditto -- for the Heartburn.

lockyer's Pills.

Le cour's Imperial Oil. norton's maredant's antiscorbutic Drops.

norris's Drops.

peters's Tincture.

peters's Pills.

peke's Omtment.' V

ratcliffveiixir; '

spilftury'santifcbvbutk Speedmarfs Stomach Pills; Spirits of Scurvy Grass. Stomachic Lozenges. stoughton's Elixir.

stern's Balsamic jether; squire's Elixir.

steer's Opodeldoc; 8

Ditto — Oil.

Ditto purgifig Elixir. Tuberofa Vit, Chilblain?

Water.

turlington's Balsam. vandour's nervpus Pills. velno's Vegetable Syrup. wace's Asthmatic Drops. ward's White Drops.

Ditto — Essence for the Head Ach.

Ditto — Liquid Sweat.

Ditto — Red Pills.

Ditto — Sack Drops.

Ditto — Sweating Powders. Ditto — Parte.

Worm Cakes, storey's.

Worm Sugar Plumbs.

wray's Ague Pills.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to betaken out by solicitors9 attorneys, and others, practising in certain'courts of justice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with respect to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered of filed of record, as therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

XTTE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have resolved to give, and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ be it enacted by the king's, most excellent majesty, by and with the ad prom Nov. 1, vice and consent of the lords fjfiriuial and temporal, and com<-1785, the fol mqns, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authol lowing duties |.jty Df the same. That, from and after the first day of November, \iz.to one thousand seven hundred and eighty.; five, there shall be rai;

1785.] Anno vicesimo quirito gfio&gtt! lllf C 80.

fed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is to say).

That for and in respect of every warrant, mandate, or au For every thority given to any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agerit, warrant to or procurator in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or de pr?rf^utf °5

SI r r t*TV/T n, a cudt Or 408.

send, any luit or prosecution in any of his Majesty's courts at__________as. 6d.

Westminster, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, or in any of his majesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or iti any other court holding pleas, where the debt or damage shall amount to forty Shillings, or more there shall be charged a stamp duty of two Shillings and sixpence:

That every solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or prd Certificates to curator, admitted, enrolled, or registered in any of his majesty's be tak n ?ut courts at Westminster, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any of everyfolici^ the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports, or in any of his Ma for, e, prac jesty's courts in Scotland, the great sessions in Wales, or in any tifing ip any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in court holding Great Britain holding pleas, where the debt or damage shall up0watdv: amount to forty Shillings, or more, shall, previous to his commencing or defending any suit or prosecution, take out annually a certificate of such his admission, enrolment, or register::

for and upon every such certificate so taken out by Those refid any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, ing in lon who shall reside in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London ox west min ster the borough of Southwark, the parish of biifs of mor saint Pancras, and Saint Mary le Bone, or within the bills of taiity, oredin mortality, or within the city of Edinburgh, there shall be charg burgh, to paid a stamp duty of five pounds: titicate^ cer"

That for and upon every such certificate so taken out by anyica e'. solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, who part of Great shall reside in any other part of Great Britain there shall be Britain, 31. charged a stamp duty of three pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting Duties to be the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under under the the government, care, and management of the commissioners for om the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on missioners for stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major stamps. part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such stamps, to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all, other things necessary to be done for putting this at into execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them,

Vol. XXXV E b are

27° Anno Hcfesimo quinto g£qrgiiiii. C 80^ [1785.

tre or is authorised to put in execution any former law aeon cerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

' III And, for the easter obtaining such certificate, be it further

fromnovem enacted by the authority aforesaid V That, from and after the ker J first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fohotor C fivei every person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered a so hall annually licitoiyattorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, in any deliver in a one or more of the courts aforesaid, who shall commence, note of his carry on, or defend, any action, suit, or prosecution therein, fiderfc^&c6" annua^y> during such time as he shall continue so to prac in order tote (herein, deliver into some one of the courts in which he obtain acer shall have been admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered in such tificate. manner as herein after is directed, a paper or note, in the proper handwriting of every such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, containing his name and usual place of residence, and marked and damped with the proper mark or stamp denoting the duty herein before imposed upon certificates, according to the place of such his residence as aforesaid, and thereupon every such Solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, shall be entitled to have a certificate (if the same shall be required) in the manner herein after directed

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers for That, from and after the first day of November, one thousand ^h^ahon^for even hun^red an eighty-five, the chief clerk of the court of ?esficate8°in king's bench, or his deputy, the clerk of the warrants in the England. court of common pleas, or his deputy, the clerk of the pleas in the exchequer office of pleas, or his deputy, the prothonotaries of the respective counties palatine of Lancaster, Chester, and Durham, and of the great sessions in Wales, or their respective deputies, and such officers of the inferior courts of law as the judge or judges of the inferior courts respectively shall, from time to time, appoint to enrol the names of persons admitted attorneys in the said courts respectively, the senior clerk of the petty bag office in the court of chancery, or his deputy, the king's remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, the chief clerk of the court of the duchy chamber of Lancaster, or his deputy, the register of the respective courts of equity in the said counties palatine, and of the great sessions in Wales, or their respective deputies, and such officers of the inferior courts of equity as the judge or judges of such inferior courts respectively shall, from time to time, appoint to enrol the names of persons admitted Tolicitors in the said courts respectively, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, upon payment of the see of one shilling, to enter in alphabetical order, the name and place of residence of every such attorney and solicitor enrolled an attorney or solicitor in the said courts respectively, (and who shall have delivered in such paper or note in writing, duly damped, and required a certificate of his enrolment, as aforesaid) in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the said several and respectivejpffices; and also tjiat the registers of all and every the ecclesiastical

courts,

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So 371 <-

chusts, courts of admiralty, or of the cinque ports, or their respective deputies, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, in like manner, from time to time, to enter, in alphabetical sorder, the name and place of residence of every notary, proctor, or procurator, admitted a notary, prodior, or procurator, in the said courts respectively, and who shall have delivered in a like paper or note in writing, containing his name and place of residence, and requiring a certificate of his admission as aforesaid, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the said respective offices; and also that all such offi Officers for cers of the courts of sessions, courts of judiciary, circuit courts, ]ngc

court of exchequer, or sheriff or stewart courts, or any other in Scotland ferior courts in Scotland, as the judge or judges of the said courts respectively shall, from time to time, appoint to register any certificate of the oaphs appointed by law to be taken and subscribed in the said courts respectively, by persons officiating therein as procurators, agents, or solicitors, shall, and they are hereby reflectively required, in like manner, from time to time, to enter, in alphabetical order, the name and place of residence of every such procurator, agent, or solicitor, delivering in a like paper or note in writing, containing his name and place of residence, and requiring a certificate of such register as aforesaid, in rolls or books to be provided and kept for that purpose in the said respective offices; and all and every the officers aforesaid respectEntering: tively shall, and they, and each and every of them, are hereby officers to required, at the time of making such entry, to subscribe to every such paper, or note in writing, so delivered in, a certificate signed by every such officer respectively, according to the form of the schedule hereunto annexed; to all which said rolls or books, in the said courts respectively, all persons shall and may, at seasonable times, have free access without fee or reward.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jthat the said officers, or their respective deputies, after they Entering of shall have respectively signed such certificates, so subscribed so ficera/etc. to the respective papers or notes, in writing, duly stamped as aforesaid, shall forthwith issue the said certificates to the person which most'be or persons respectively requiring the same; and every certificate renewed to so ifiiied shall bear date on the day on which the same was iffaed, days before and shall endure and remain inforcefor the space of twelvecalendar explration* months, to commence from the first day of November^onethou sand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon all certificates to be jitued on or before that day, and upon certificates to be first issued to any person or persons, after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, to commence from the date of every such certificate $ which said certificate shall be renewed at lead ten days previous to the expiration of the time for which it was granted, and so yearly and every year, so long as such solicitor, attorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, shall continue to practise in any such court in manner af^jfesaid; and if any of the said respective officers, or their Penalty on jiefeective deputies, (h % ll neeledl or refuse to rflue, within a con refuting to -'Bbivenientiffue'or Im"

Hos'by

372

properly ififth ing certificates

j^eyfotis redding 40 days in a year within the limits of the higher duties, are to pay the same.

Penalty on acting without certificate, or giving in a i'alfe place of refi aence.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So.

[1785.

Yemeni time, the proper certificate required by this ain such manner as is herein before directed, or shall issue the same to any person otherwise than as before directed, every such officer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed, and moreover shallrfatisfy and pay to the party or parties aggrieved thereby, all such damages shall or may accrue from such neglect, refusal, or default.

VI. And, to prevent evasion in the payment of the higher duties imposed by this act by jouciters, attorneys, notaries, prof orj, agents, and procurators, ivko may have diverse places of residence at the same time, within the limits of the different dislndls abovementioned; be it declared and further engdled by the authority aforesaid, That if'any solicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, liable to any of the rates or duties hereby imposed on certificates, shall reside in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London or Westminster, or the borough of Southwark, the parish of Saint Pancras, or Saint Mary le Bone, or within the bills of mortality, or within the city of Edinburgh, for the space of forty clays, or more, in any one year, every such solicitor, attorney, notary, prodlor, agent, or procurator, shall be deemed to be resident within the limits last mentioned, within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the higher duties by this act imposed on certificates, for and during such time as he shall continue to be so resident for the space of forty clays, or more, in each year, notwithstanding such solicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, shall or may at other times in each such year, reside elsewhere without the limits last aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every person who shall, in his own name, or in the name of any other person or persons, sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any addon or suit, or any proceedings as a solicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, see, or reward, without having obtained such certificate, in such manner as herein before is directed, or shall deliver in to the respective officers appointed by this act, any false or fidtirious place of residence, with intent to evade the payment of the higher duties, in and by this act imposed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such person, for every such offence, Jshall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed. shall be, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute, any action or suit, in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of any fee, reward, cr diihurfements, on account of prosecuting, carrying on, or defending any such action, suit, or proceeding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by|pe authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of AS?

vembery

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80., 373

vember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it fhaik Persons? hav and may be lawful for any person, having duly obtained a cer certificate tificate in the manner herein before directed, to sue out any may a for writ or process, or commence, prosecute, or defend any action others who or suit, or any proceeding in any of the courts aforesaid, in the have also name and by and with the con lent of any other solicitor, attor taken thern ney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator of such court, in ut'

writing first had and obtained, and signed by him in like manner as he might have lawfully done before the making of this act, provided that such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in whose name such proceedings shall be instituted, commenced, or carried on, shall also have first duly obtained a certificate out of the court wherein he is sworn, admitted, enrolled, or registered, in manner as herein before is directed; or, in default thereof, every such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, shall be subject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities as any other solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procuratoris by this act made subject and liable to.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person under person, duly sworn, admitted, enrolled, or registered a solicitor, one certifi attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in any two or other

more of the said courts respectively, under a proper certificate courtin which obtained from either of the said courts, in such manner as he is sworn, herein before is directed, to commence, carry on, prosecute, so etc

licit, or defend any action or suit, or any proceedings in any of the fifid other courts in which he is so sworn, admitted, enrolled, pr registered, although, such certificate shall or may not have issued from such other court; anything herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas the act for the better regulation of atforni.es and solicitors doth not extend to the jwearing, admission, or enrolment of the six clerks of the court chancery, or the sworn clerks in their office, or the waiting clerks belonging to the said six clerks, or the our filters of the said courts or of the clerks of the petty bag office, or of the clerks of the king's coroner and attorney in the court of king's bench, or of the filazers of the same court, or of the filazers \ of the court of common, pleas at Westminster, or of the attorneys of the court of the duchy chamber^Lancaster, or of the attorneys of the court of exchequer at Chester, or of the attorneys of the courts of the lord mayor and Sheriffs of London respectively, or of the attorneys or clerks of the offices of the king's remembrancertreasurer's remem* brancer^ pipe, or office of pleas in the court of exchequer at Westminder, for the time beings or of thesolicitor s of the treasury, cuf* tomss excise, pofi office salt or stamp duties, or of any other branches of his Majesty's revenue for the time beings or of the solicitors of the city of London for the time beings or of the ajfifiant to the counsel for the affairs of the admiralty and navy; but that the said clerks,

(urfitofsy filazers, attorneys, and solicitors respectively^ may be sworn, qdmittidy enrolled and practice in their respective courts and offices

The six clerks, etc. are tp quality themselves for at? ing in the same manner as attorneys, etc.

Clerk of courts, etc. acting without enrollment and certificates, liable to penalties.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1785.

according to the usage and custom of those courts and offices respectively; and whereas it is expedient to extend the provision.s of this act to suck clerks, curfit or s, fiinzer s, attorneys, and solicitors, (except as herein after excepted) \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, or solicitor, shall be permitted, in his own name, or in the name of any other person, to sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any action or suit, or any proceedings, in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, see, or reward, as a solicitor or attorney, (except as herein after menti pned), unless such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, and solicitor shall, for the purposes of this act, cause his name to be enrolled in the court in which he is such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, or solicitor, as aforesaid, or in the respective court in which he shall so commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any such suit, action, prosecution, or other proceeding, as such solicitor or attorney, with the proper officer appointed to enrol sworn solicitors or attorneys therein, (and every such officer is hereby required to enrol the same accordingly); and shall annually, during such time as he shall continue to practice as & solicitor or attorney, in manner aforesaid, obtain a certificate, marked and damped with the proper mark or stamp, according to the place of his residetice, in like manner as is here? in before directed with respect to sworn attorneys and solicitors, under pain that every such clerk, cursitor, filazer, attorney, or solicitor in the said respective courts or offices, offending therein, shall be subject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities as aforesaid.

XL. And whereas it is also expedient to extend the provisions of this act to all such other officers or clerks of the respective courts aforesaid, who maybe respectively d to carry on, agent, managet, solicitor defend any act ion, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, in the court whereof he is such officer or clerk, under or by virtue of his office or appointment; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no officer or clerk of any of the courts aforesaid, (except as herein after excepted) shall be permitted, in his own name, or in the name of any other person, to sue out any writ or process, or to commence, prosecute, carry on, agent, manage, solicitor defend any action or suit, prosecution, pr other proceedings, iq any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, see, pr reward, as a solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, unless such officer or clerk shall, for the purposes of this at, cause his name to be enrolled or registered in thfe court in which he is such officer or clerk as aforesaid, or in the efpe6tive court in which he shall so commence, prosecute, carry on, agent, manage, solicitor defend any such atftion, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, as such joficitor, attorney, "

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80." 375

notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, with the proper officer appointed to enrol or register solicitors, attorneys, proctors, agents, or procurators therein, (and every such officer is hereby required to enrol or register the same accordingly); and shall annually, during such time as he shall continue to act in manner aforesaid, obtain a certificate, marked or stamped with the proper mark or stamp according to the place of his residence, in like manner as is herein before directed with respect to sworn attorneys and solicitors, under pain that every such officer or clerk of any of the courts aforesaid offending therein, shall be subject and liable to the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities, as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Officers or thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex clerks intend, or be construed to extend, to subject to the payment of abl^wkhland the several duties of five pounds or three pounds, hereby im tax are exposed, any officer or clerk of any of the courts aforesaid, who empted from is now, or at any time shall be charged with the payment of dut*c^if ap land taxin respect of his office or appointment in such court, ^y°fficia y for or by reason of his being employed in the conduct, care, or management of any action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding the rein, relating to or concerning the business of his office

or appointment only, and wherein such officer or clerk shall not be also retained or employed by the party or parties to such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, or by any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, for or in expectation of any fee or reward, over and above the see or reward therefore due and payable to such officer or clerk, in respect of his office or appointment in such court.

XIII. And, in order to make suitable provisions for tfe due payment of the duties by this act imposed, in respect of warrantj, mandates, and authorities, to sue or defend as aforesaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and asser the^stamped said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and to^ive^to eighty-five, no solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or the proper of procurator, shall be permitted to sue out any writ or process, or ficerof the to commence, prosecute, or carry on any suit, action, or any names of the prosecution, or other proceedings whatsoever, in any of the

courts aforesaid, or to defend or appear for any defendant in any on.

suit or action, prosecution, or other proceedings, in any of the courts aforesaid for or in expectation of any gain, see, or reward, by virtue or fn respect of any warrant, mandate, or authority (whether the same be verbal or in writing) which shall be given to him for that purpose, unless such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, in every such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, shall have delivered, or caused to be be delivered, to the proper officer, or his deputy, hereby appointed for the receipt and entry thereof, a memorandum or minute, duly stamped in pursuancs of this act, of such his warrant, mandate, or authority, containing the names q( the respective parties prosecuting and defending the suit, action.

37&' Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So.

[1785.

tmn, prpfecution, or other proceedings, and of the court ip which the same shall be commenced, and also the name of th solicitbr, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, im?

' mediately retained to prosecute, carry on, or defend the same,

to be entered or filed of record, as herein after directed; which memorandum or minute (fiall and may be made out according to the form of the schedule hereunto annexed, (mutatis mutandis.)

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Stamped me That in all cases where any precipe (except a precipe for any irtorandumsto original writ issuing out of the said court of chancery) is or shall delivered required by the rules or practice of any of the courts afore as used tb re to delivered, filed, or entered of record, with the pro choir preci Per clerk or officer previous to the signing or issuing any such pes. original or other writ, precept, citation, or monition, or other

first process, for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the commencement of any such suit or action, or any prosecution, or other V proceedings whatsoever, in any such court, it shall and may be lawful for every such solicitor, attorney, notary, projflor, agent,

or procurator, to deliver in to every such clerk, or officer the memorandum or minute hereby required to be stamped, and to insert therein the nature and denomination of the process required to be signed or issued, and the return thereof, in such manner as heretofore hath been used in such courts with respect to such precipes as aforesaid $ that every such memo*randurn or minute, so stamped and delivered, in as herein is above directed, shall be, and be deemed and adjudged to be, as valid and effectual an authority in law, for the signing or if r suing any such writ, precept, citation, or monition, or other first process aforesaid, by any such clerk or officer, as if the precipe heretofore used in such courts had been delivered in to the proper clerk or officer as aforesaid; law, usage, or custom, or anything in this at contained, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers who That, from and after the said first day of November, one thou receive ft amp seven })undred and eighty-five, the respective clerks and

td memoran - r XV Y ., rn,

«iums are to officers, or their respeeuve deputies, to whom it mall appertain, hie the same, or who shall be entrusted or appointed to signor issue any original or oilier writ, precept, citation, monition, or other first. process, for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the commencement of any suit or aeftion, or any prosecution or other proceedings whatsoever, in any of the courts aforesaid, or to enter, file, or record, any bail, appearance, admission, or other act, matter or thing, to be first done in the defending or appearing for the defendant or defendants in any such a6lian, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, in apy of the courts aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, to receive, and forthwith enter, or file of record, every such memorandum or minute, which shall be delivered to them respectively, by or in the name of any solicitor, attorney, no

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. 377

tary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, in the said respective court of such clerk or officer, and marked or damped with the mark or damp denoting the rate or duty payable thereon pursuant to the directions in this acts, and shall sign thereon the day of the month and year^on which such memorandum or minute shall have been delivered, to be entered or filed of record as aforesaid, to which entries or files, in the said courts respectively, all persons shall and may have free access, at seasonable times, without fee or reward; and every such clerk or officer, or his respective deputy, neglecting the due performance of his office in the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay on penalty of the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein 50*after mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Persons not

That, from and after the said first day of November, one thou acting con sand seven hundred and eighty-five, every person who shall sue

any writ or process, or commence, carry on, manage, fejt.

agent, solicitor defend, any action, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, except as herein after mentioned, in any of the

courts aforesaid, without having delivered to the proper officer, to be entered or filed of record, the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority, marked or damped in such manner as by this at is directed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action, suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, in any proceed

of the courts aforesaid, shall be (laid, nor any judgement, fen though the

tence, or decree thereon reversed, for or by reason of any omif memoran

(ion or defect in the entering or filing of record the memoranda Should

dum or minute herein before directed, but the respective courts noj bae been n. % r 1 1 r entered or shall proceed, as far as concerns or relates to the party or par

fies to the said action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding

depending the rein, as if such memorandum or minute was in

due manner entered or filed of record.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed ^£rts*of to extend, to rescind, change, or alter, any of the rules, or the jawj etc witjj practice of any of the courts aforesaid, heretofore used, relative regard to en to the entering or filing of record, by any solicitor, attorney, tering of renotary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, any warrants of attorney, Kiel's appearances, or proxies, or any admissions, to sue or' defend the judges cither for the plaintiffs or defendants, in any cause or action think fit. depending the rein, but that the rules and practice of the respective courts aforesaid relating thereto shall continue to be put ia force, and used as heretofore, unless the judge or judges of those courts respectively shall think it fit or necessary to rescind, qlter, or amend the same; and the said judge or judges of the Several courts aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby authored and required, from time to time, to make such rules and grders in their respective ^ourts, and do such other matters and >'things.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1785.

things, for the better securing the said several rates and duties, in and by this a imposed as shall be lawful and reasonable in that behalf.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au a statnped thority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of no memorandum vernber, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, in all cases f attorney t w*iere any defendant or defendants shall, before appearance, be delivered ° con*€fs any a&iqn or suit in any of the courts aforesaid, or shall previous to execute any warrant of attorney to acknowledge judgement by entering up Nildieit non sum informatus, or otherwise, the attorney who shall judgement, enter up any judgement thereupon, shall previously deliver, or

eause to be delivered, to the proper officer, a memorandum or minute of such Cognovit Actionem^ or warrant of attorney, fiamp ed as herein before is directed, in the like manner, and according to the form above prescribed, under pain that he shall for n pen; tlty of felt and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed /

And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this act that the several rates and duties, in and by this act imposed, shall be born and paid by therespectivefoliciiors, attorneys, notaries, proctors, agents, or procurators, immediately retained or employed by the respective party'or parties, and shall in no wise be charged or imposed, in the whole or in part, upon their respective clients: for the prevention

Hone of the of such charges, be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be duties to be lawful for any solicitor, attorney, notary, proper, agent, or pro efieats to curator, liable to the respective duties hereby imposed, who 1 V*shall be retained by any person or persons to prosecute, carry on, manage, felicit, agent, or defend, any action or suit, or any prosecution or other proceedings in any of the courts aforesaid, directly or indirectly, to claim, demand, or receive, from the 7 party or parties aforesaid, or, under any pretence whatsoever, to insert in any bill of fees or charges, or disbursements charged upon the party or parties aforesaid, any sum of money whatsoever for or in respect of the payment of the rates or duties aforesaid; but that it shall and may be lawful, upon application of the party or parties charged therewith, or of any other perform in that behalf authorised, unto any of the said courts respectively, in which such aion or suit, prosecution, or other proceedings, shall have been transacted, to refer the said bill or demand to be taxed or settled by file proper officer of such court, in such manner as is by law ordained or practised in such court respectively, for the taxation and settlement of such bills and demands; and if, upon the said taxation and settlement it shall be found that such solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, shall have charged, or received from the party or parties aforesaid, any sum of money whatsoever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ai, then and in such case hie said charge.or demand shall be disallowed and struck out of such bill; or if the same shall have been paid, the said solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator respectively, shaft refund and pay unto the party and parties intitkd. thereto, or

e79

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Ge ^RGII ITI. C 80.

to any other person or persons duly authorised, in such manner as the respective courts aforesaid shall direct, all such money as the said officer shall certify to have been so overcharged or paid; and in every such case shall also be liable to the costs of the said taxation, to be ascertained at the discretion of the respective courts aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, That in any suit or action, profecu Persons not tien, or other proceedings, in any of the courts aforesaid, if the immediately person by whom any memorandum or minute shall have been thepparties*delivered to be entered or filed of record as aforesaid, and by may charge whom the duty payable thereon shall have been paid, shall not the duties to be immediately retained or employed by the party or parties Mhom'* prosecuting or defending the said suit or action, prosecution, or theyast. other proceedings, but shall ast therein for and on the behalf of the solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, so immediately retained and employed, it shall and may be lawful for every such person to charge and place to the account of the solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, so immediately retained and employed as aforesaid, the duty hereby imposed on such memorandum or minute so paid.

XXII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for Common ap any solicitor, attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, pearance or retained or employed to prosecute or carry on any suit or action, prosecution, or other proceedings, for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, entering a in any of the courts aforesaid, to enter or file, or cause to be memoran entered or filed, any common appearance, or common bail, for dum.

the defendant or defendants, according to the Statute in that case made and provided, without entering or filing of record any memorandum or minute in that respect for the defendant or defendants, and freed and discharged from the rates and duties hereby imposed thereon, in such manner as might have been done before the passing of this act; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no solicitor, After appear attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, for any such Memorandum defendant or defendants, shall, in any such case where an ap must be en pearance or bail hath been entered or filed according to the fta tered before tute, plead or carry on any further proceedings for any suchde any further fendant or defendants, in any such suit, action, or prosecution, proceedings, until the memorandum or minute, damped as aforesaid, of a

warrant, mandate, or authority to defend, shall have been delivered to the proper officer, to be entered or filed of record acr cording to the directions of the ad; and if any such solicitor,

attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator for any such defendant or defendants, after such appearance or bail hath been entered or filed, according to the statute as aforesaid, shall plead of carry on any further proceedings for any such defendant or defendants, in any such suit, action, or prosecution, without having entered or filed of record the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority to defend, marked or stamped in such manner ashy this act is directed every such'*M ' a f solicitpr,

So

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So.

[1785.

Iblicitor, attorney, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, shall on penalty of forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and 5*. applied as herein after is directed.

If a defend

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every ac ant is added tien, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, had or commenced increment of nan le courts aforesaid, according to the directions of this an actions a act, where any person or persons shall, under or by virtue of

i>ew memo any rule or order of such court respectively, be added as a de randum isnot fendant or defendants therein, it shall and may be lawful for necefikry. any f0]ic*ltor^ attorney, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, to sue out the usual process against such person or persons so added, without delivering, any further or other memorandum or minute, in pursuance of this act, by' specifying in the precipe to the officer, that the defendant or defendants named therein hath or have been added thereto by rule or order.

Memoranda to be delivered on putting in bail to the / judge's, clerk;, whp is to rer ceive ad. in thepoupdei) tfce duties.

Judge Yclerks ueglecting to deliver ine raorandums, 'or defacing the stamps thereon, for icit 501.

Not to expend to any suit fr lei's tuan 40s.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every attorney. tof the said court of king's bench, ^wbp foal put in any special'bail before any judge or judges of the fid court, at the time of putting in thereof, to deliver into and deposit in the hands of the judge's clerk, before whom such bail shall be so put in, the memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate or autjtvo.rity to defend, marked and stamped according to the directions of this act, which memorandum or minute every such clerk is hereby required to receive gratis; and the judge's clerks, to whom any such memorandum or minute shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall, within six days after the end of each term, transmit and deliver the same to the; officer appointed to file special bails in the said court, to be filed of record; and the said officer appointed to file such bails shall, out of the moneys paid to such officer by the receiver-general of the stamp duties, according to the directions of this act, pay and allow to every such clerk for the same, the sum of twopence for every pound sterling which the duties upon any such memoranda or minutes, delivered to be entered or filed of record as aforesaid, shall amount unto; and in case any such judge's clerk shall neglect to transmit and deliver to the officer, appointed, to file special bails in the said court of king's bench, all the memorant bums or minutes.so deposited in his hands as aforesaid, or shall wilfully^deface or obliterate, the same, or the damp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties payable thereon, every such judge's clerk shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied, as herein after is directed.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing, in this act contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, -- to charge with the payment of the duties hereby imposed, for or in respect of any mandate, warrant, of authority, to sue or defend, or any memorandum pr minute thereof, to be entered or filed of record in any action,

*' '*r

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80* 381

salt, prosecution, or other proceeding to be had, commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in any inferior court, wherein the debt or damages, claimed or demanded, shall not amount to the sum of forty shillings of lawful money of Great Britain; but that, in every such case, it rshall and may be lawful For the attorney, writer, agent, or procurator, retained or employed to carry on or defend such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, to deliver in a memorandum or minute of his warrant, mandate, or authority, in the manner herein after directed, not marked or stamped with any mark or stamp denoting the duty imposed by this at, and to insert therein the amount of the debt or damages, under forty Shillings, claimed or demanded as aforesaid; and that it shall not be lawful for, any plaintiff, demandant, or pursuer, in any such action, suit, prosecution, or other proceeding, so commenced as aforesaid, to sue for or recover other, more or greater debt or damages than shall be contained and expressed in such memorandum or minute not stamped as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing A not to exin

this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ten subject to the payment of the duties hereby imposed, any per is maidtv's son or persons whatsoever, for or in respect of any proceedings name, etc. commenced, carried on, prosecuted, or^defended, in any of the except where courts aforesaid, upon any indictment whatsoever, or upon any private per information, suit, writ, or process, in the name of his Majesty, inte-

his heirs or successors, or at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, his majesty's advocate of Scotland or any other officer or officers legally authorised to prosecute in his majesty's

name, or to sue for his majesty's interest, save and except informations in the nature of Quo Warranto, filed by his majesty's coroner and attorney in the court of king's bench, informations in any courts of equity, at the relation of private persons, informations wherein any person or persons, other than his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be entitled to any penalty or forfeiture, or any part thereof; in all which last mentioned cases the said duties shall be, and are hereby required to be paid, as in cases between party and party, according to the directions of this act.

XXVIII. And, for the encouragement of the respective clerks Sixpence in and officers, by this at intruded to enter and file of record the the pound on memoranda or minutes hereby required to be stamped as the duties for aforesaid, to be attentive and vigilant in the execution of this memoran at, and as a compensation for their trouble; be it further enactedums to he ed by the authority aforesaid, That the receiver-general for the Paie to the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and clerks* paper, or same person employed by order from the of

of the said duties, shall from time to time take an account of the number of the memoranda or minutes entered or filed of record in the several and respective courts and offices aforesaid, and of the amount of the respective duties paid and payable thereon, and shall from time to time pay and allow to the respective

38a

Howpenalties are to be recovered

Persons counterfeiting any stamp, or selling vellum, etc. with counterfeit marks, guilty of felony.

Provisions of former acts relating to ramp duties extended to this act.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8o.

[1785.

respective clerks and officers aforesaid, the fam of sixpence for every: pound fterii ng which the duties upon any such memoranda or minutes, entered or filed of record, and produced as aforesaid, shall amount unto.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties, imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great bri tain, called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by"action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any penalty or penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own use, with full costs of suit.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge any seal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or damp thereupon, knowing such mark or damp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intentf to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending and being thereof convicted: be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties an vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be in full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties hereirt before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80, 385

of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted). into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the fcparaul. auditor of the same receipt shall be provided and kept a book or p books. In which all the moneys arising from the said several rates apd duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all other charges and ex Application pences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an a: tllc duties,

of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.)

XXXIII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times it shall happen that the pro Deficiencies duce of the several duties granted by this acts, together with the !t: several other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in the lad fef payin^the* fion of parliament for the payment of the several and respective annuities annuities granted by an act of the last session of parliament, in granted by tituled, An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annul qco

ties, and for establishing a lottery); and also by another act, made f and in the same session, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy? a 5 Geo. ' 3. C victualling) and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; together 32. to be with the several other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of parliament, for the payment of the annuities filing fund; granted by another acts, made in this session of parliament, in 9

tituled, An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling) and transport bills) and ordnance debentures), together with the other charges and expenses attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same, at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment at which the same are directed by the said asto be paid; then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the moneys which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund, commonly calied, The sinking fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular life or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund (lial! and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accord ingly; and if at any time or times, before any moneys of the said fund, established as aforesaid, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grpwn due at any of the respective half yearly days

for

3$4

And to be replaced out of the first supplies.

Surplus of duties to be re i'erved for future disposition of parliament

Defendants may plead the general issue.

and recover treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.

sit? $5# for payment of the same, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of the said sinking fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the said sinking fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament,

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the moneys arising by the said funds, after the said several and respective annuities, granted by the aforementioned ad, for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery, and also the annuities granted in respect of the money due for bills payable in the course of the navy and victualling offices, and for transports, and also for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in pursuance of the said acts, made in the last and this present session of parliament, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved in the exchequer for the future disposition of parliament.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of anyclause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants dial] have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

THE SCHEDULE,

Stating the Forms to which this at refers.

No. i.

Form of the certificates to be granted to solicitorr, attornies, murries* prohors, agentj, and procurators, practising in the several courts of law and equity, and ecclesiastical and other courts in Great Britain, by the respective officers appointed for that purpose, (mutatis mutandis.)

7n the court of [insert the name

of the court in which the certificate is obtained] in England, (or Scotland, or Wales) etcetera, as the case may be.)

I. A.

tfbg}1 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c.&q.

I A.B. r/*rl [or deputy to the chief clerks as the case maybe] of the court of kings bench, [or clerk of the warrants in the court of common picas, or as the case may otherwise be], do heteby certify that the above written C D. who hath this day entered at my office his name and place of residence as an attorney, [or solicitor, notary, proctor, agents or procurator as the case may be], practising in town, [or in the country, as the case may require], in pursuance of an act parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his Majesty King George, the Third, for granting certain duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attorneys, notaries, proctors, agents, or procurators, is duly enrolled (or admitted, or re gijlered, as the case may require) an attorney [or solicitor, notary, proctor, agent, or procurator, as the case may be] in this court In witness whereof, I have this day of in the year of the reign of let my hand hereunto,

(the same being first duly stamped according to the place of residence of the said C D. herein above written.)

ABS

No. 2.

Form of the memorandum or minute to sue or defend, to be entered in the respective courts, or filed of record.

IN the court of [insert the name of the court

in which the proceedings are to be carried on] in England, (or Scotland, or Wales, etcetera, as the case may be.)

Middlesex. 1 A.B. is retained to prosecute by C D. as his atto wit. j torney [or solicitor, notary, proctor, agent, ox prom No.^rator, as the case may be] against E. F. [or otheif (on the File.) wife, as the case may be,]

A.B. plaintiffs attorney, [if by an agent to the solicitor, etcetera, immediately retained add] by G. H. his agent.

Entered or filed of record (as the case may require), this day of in the year of the reign of

[officer's name.]

No. 3.

The like form for the defendant's, mutatis mutandis.

the court of [insert the name of the court,

as before].

Middlesex. 7 I. K. is retained to defend by E. F. as his

To wit. 3 at the suit of A.B.

I. K. defendant's [if by an agent

add] by L M. agent.

Entered or filed of record, this day of

in the year of the reign of

[officer's name; ]

Vei. XXXV

No. 4,

CC

S

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8 r.

[1785. No. 4.

Form of the memorandum or minute of a cognovit adionem, or warrant of attorney to enter up or acknowledge judgement, in the respective courts referred to by this act.

IN the court of [insert the name of the

court, as before],

Middlesex, 7 A.B. is retained to enter up judgement on 0 cognovit To wit. J adionem, (or warrant of attorney to acknowledge judgement, as the case may require), dated on the day of at the Juit of C D. against E. F.

A.B. attorney, (if by an agent, add\by G. H. his agent.

Entered ox filed of record, as the case may require), this day of in the % year of the reign of

[officer's name.]

[Preamble.]

From Jan. 1, 1786, no tobacco but from America, (except of the growth of Spain or Portugal or of Ireland), to be imported into Great Britain.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for the better securing the duties payable on tobacco.

WHEREAS the many regulations already provided by law to prevent the fraudulent and clandestine importation of tobacco into the kingdom of Great Britain, and to prevent the relanding of the same within the said kingdom, after it has been hipped for exportation, or exported from the said kingdom, have been found ineffectual: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ienacted; and be enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no tobacco whatsoever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain (except tobacco of the growth, production, or manu facture of the plantations or dominions of Spain ox Portugal, imported respectively in the manner, and under the restrictions and regulations, and paying the same duties, which such tobacco was subject and liable to by all and every ad and acts of parliament in force at the time of making this present act; and except tobacco of the growth of Ireland, imported as by law allowed before the making of this act), other than from some port or place within his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or from some port or place within the United States of America, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the package containing the same, and also the ship or vessel on board or in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ?fr. 387

II. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco*whatsoever Restrictions shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any port on importati or place whatsoever within his majesty's laid colonies, plantaitions, islands, or territories in America, or, from and after tl^e ca first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, from any port or place whatsoever within the said United States of America, in any ship or vessel of less burden than seventy tonnes, and which ship or vessel is either british built, or belonging to the United States of America, and navigated in manner following; that is to say. If a British built ship, with the master and three fourths of the mariners British, and if belonging to the said United States of America, with the master and three fourths of the mariners belonging to the said United States; and no tobacco, other than of the growth or production of his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, pr territories in America, or of the growth or production of the said United States of America, shall be so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, nd shall not be so imported other than directly from some port or place in his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or in the said united States of America, respectively, and into some one or other of the ports or places herein after mentioned in Great Britain; that is to say, London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster,

Cowes, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, and Greenock, and no other, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the casks and package containing the same: provided nevertheless. That American to if any tobacco of the growth or produce of the said United baccoimport* States of America shall, in the fair and lawful way of barter or f^othewe^ traffic between the people of those states and the people of his India islands, majesty's islands in the West Indies, or of his majesty's colonies may be front or plantations in America, be imported or brought from the thence im* said United States into any of the said islands or plantations, i n ^eafg^itairii a british built ship so navigated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to export from the said islands in the West Indies the same tobacco, and to import itxdirectly from thence into some one or other of the said respective ports herein before enumerated in Great Britain, in a british built ship or vessel of a burden not less than seventy tonnes, and so navigated as before directed, upon the same duties, and on the same terms in every respect, as tobacco is allowed to be imported into Great Britain directly from some port or place in his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or diredfly from some port or place in the said United States of America; provided such tobacco shall be accompanied with the like documents, and shall in every respect come under the several restrictions and regulations herein after directed and required by this at for tobacco so to be imported into Great Britain as aforesaid directly, either from his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or from the said United States of Amerifa $ and provided, in the manifest or manifef s,

-388 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. t.

[179$.

or content or contents in writings, accompanying into Great Britain such tobacco so imported from the said United States as aforesaid into the said islands in the West Indies, or the said cor ionics or plantations in North America, and afterwards imported into Great Britain as aforesaid from thence, the name or names of the several and respective vessels which shall have so import*such tobacco from the said United States into those islands, colonies, or plantations respectively, and the name or names of the several and respective matters of those several and respective ships, shall be particularly set forth and specified,

tobacco

III. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco shall be so to be import as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise calk^&c t*lan n hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases, each hogshead, calk, containing chest, or case whereof shall contain four hundred and fifty 450 pounds pounds weight net of tobacco, at the lead, not packed in bags,weight. or in any other packages, within such hogshead, cask, chest, or case, nor separated or divided, within such hogshead, cask, chest, or case, respectively, by any package, or otherwise howsoever, upon forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be so imported contrary to this atogether with the hogftieads, calks,

- chests, cases, or other package containing the same; and the

matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit.treble the value of the said tobacco so forfeited as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Tobacco may declared, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed loofefor^he to exten^ to any tobacco imported or brought loose in

use of the sea any or vel for the use of the seamen then belonging to men, cat or on board the said ship or vessel, or for the use of the paflen the rate of five gers on board such ship or vessel, not exceeding five pounds pounds each. wejgfit for each person'

quanti V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing ties of tobac n this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent board^vessel ev^ence rom being received, in any suit or information brought without the for the forfeiture of any vessel, for or on account of any tobacco knowledge of imported or brought into Great Britain in such ship or vessel, the matter, in order to shew, from the smallness of the quantity of the tqbacco, and other circumstances of the case, that the said tobacco was on board such ship or vessel without the knowledge and privity of the owner, or of the matter, or other person having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, matter, or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel; and in every such case, where proof shall be made, from the smallness of the quantity of tobacco, and other circumstances, that such small quantity was on board without the knowledge, privity, orconsent, either of the hwner, or the matter, or other person having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of rea tenable care, either in the owner* or in the matter or other person

her liable to forfeiture.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8r.' 389

fonr having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, then and in every such case, such ship or vessel shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small quantity of tobacco.

VIAND be it further enacted, That when any ship or vef Officers of the fel whatsoever shall have taken on board tobacco, at any port customs in or place whatsoever within his majesty's colonies, plantations, ^e^to^be islands, or territories in America, in order to convey the same master on from thence into Great Britain, the collector and comptroller, clearing a ma and two other chief officers employed in the management of nifest, and the customs, at such port or other place where such ship or vef dupfirate^o fel shall have taken on board tobacco, shall, at and upon the the commis clearing of every such ship or vessel by the proper officers of sioners of the the customs appointed for that purpose, deliver to the master, customs in or other person having or taking the charge or command of Great Britain, such ship or vessel, a manifest or content in writing, under their hands and seals of office, which said manifest or content shall contain the name of the port or place where such tobacco, in such manifest or content mentioned, shall have been so taken on board, the name of the ship or vessel so taking the same on board, and the tonnage thereof, and a true account of all the tobacco so laden on board such ship or vessel, with the number of hogsheads, casks, chests, and cases qontaining the same, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each particular hogftiead, caik, chest, and case, together with the marks and numbers seton each and every hogftiead, calk, chest, or case thereof, with the care of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case in which such tobacco shall be contained; which said particular weight of the tobacco and tare, respectively, shall also be marked on each and every such hogftiead, cask, chest, or case respectively; and such officers as aforesaid shall also, at and upon the clearing of every such ship or vessel as aforesaid, immediately transmit a duplicate or duplicates of such manifest or content to the respective of of the customs in Great Britain; and if any colleger, comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the customs, at any such port or place, shall, at and upon the clearing of any such ship or vessel having tobacco on board as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to deliver to the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, such manifest or content as is hereinbefore directed, or shall not as herein before directed, transmit a duplicate or duplicates of such manifest or content to the said respective of of the customs in Great Britain respectively as aforesaid, he or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds; or if Penalties on such eolle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer or officers, neglectof shall knowingly deliver a false or fictitious manifest or content, duplicate of pr transmit a false or fictitious duplicate or duplicates of any manifest, and manifest or content, contrary to the true intent and meaning of on delivery this act, he or they shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every r tra"r, nif* such offence so committed, the sum of five hundred pounds; on|!#otatafc and every such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer or'C C 3 officers.

39<. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8 i.

[17-85!

officers, upon being duly convicted of knowingly delivering ar. false or fidhtious manifest or content, or transmitting a false or fictitious duplicate or duplicates, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and s lose his employment, and from thenceforth be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any place or trust whatsoever.

No tobacco of

VII. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco of the the growth of growth or production of the United States of America, except stateftote030 to^acco as be water born before the said first day of imported January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty ftx, shall be without a ma imported or brought into Great Britain from the said United nifeft sworn States, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless the matter, or.

ol^er person having or taking the charge or command of every vessel. ship or vessel importing such tobacco, shall have on board a

manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, made out and signed by such matter or other person, on or before the clearing of every such ship or vessel, at all and each and every of the ports or places within the said United States where such tobacco shall be laden on board, containing the name or names of the several and respective ports or places where the tobacco in such manifest or manifests, or content or contents mentioned, shall have been so respectively laden on board, the name of the hip or vessel in which the tobacco shall be so laden, and the tonnage thereof, with the several other particulars before directed and required by this act to be delivered by the collector and comptroller, or two other chief officers of his majesty's customs, at the ports or places in his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, to the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any hip or vessel cleared out from thence laden with tobacco, to be imported from thence into Great Britain as aforesaid; upon which said manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, so to accompany tobacco imported into Great Britain from the said United States, there shall be endorsed the oath of the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel so laden as aforesaid with tobacco in the said United States, testifying the truth thereof, and sworn to by the said matter or other person, on or before the clearing as aforesaid of such ship or vessel in the said United States, before the British consul, if there shall be any one then resident at or near to the port or place where such tobacco shall be so laden, or before some magistrate or public officer residing at or near to such place, if there be not any British consul here.

Penalty on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco shall' important imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britainin any withoutama or vee whatsoever, from any port or place within his nifeft. majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America,

or from any port or place within the United States of America without such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as before directed, all such tobacco so imported or brought into Great Brit^iny shall be subject and liable to the

fam$

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 391

same duties as tobacco of the growth of the Spanish or portuguese plantations; and the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every matter, or other Manifesttobe person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or produced to vessel, in which any tobacco shall be so imported or brought as c^stoms°of the aforesaid into any of the several and respective ports in Great lt Britain herein before enumerated, either from any port or place where a ship Within his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or terri arrives, tories in America, or from any port or place within the said"

United States of America, shall, upon demand, produce all and every such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, which such matter or other person is before directed and required by this a to have on board his said ship or vessel, to all and every officer and officers of his majesty's customs who shall come on board his said ship or vessel, upon the arrival of such ship or vessel as aforesaid within the limits of any such port, for his or their perusal, examination, and inspection thereof; which said several officers, to whom the same shall have been so produced, shall certify, upon the back thereof, the production of the same; and the said matter, or other person so.

having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall not only produce to the officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall first come on board such ship or vessel, upon her arrival as aforesaid within any of the said ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing as aforesaid, but shall give and deliver to him or them a true copy or copiesofma copies thereof (such copy or copies to be provided by and atto be the expense of the said master or other person; production officer of the of which said manifest or manifests, or content or contents in customs, in writing, and the receipt of such copy or copies thereof as before order to be directed, shall be certified by the said officer or officers of his entered at the majesty's customs, who shall so first as aforesaid come on board the said ship or vessel, to have been so delivered as aforesaid, upon the back of the said original manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, with the particular day, and the time when, such officer or officers so received the same; and such officer or officers is and are hereby required, at the next customhouse to the place where he or they shall have so received the said copy or copies of such manifest or manifests, or.

content or contents in writing as aforesaid, within twenty-four hours after the time he or they shall have so received the same, to make an entry thereof, or cause the same to be entered, in a book to be kept for that purpose at the several and respective customhouses at the said several and respective ports in Great Britain, where such tobacco as aforesaid is permitted to be imported and brought; and after the same shall have been fp en Copy after tered as aforesaid, the said officer or officers who shall have so transmuted to entered, or caused the same to be entered in the said book a the commis

C C 4 aforesaid, sioners of cuf

39?- Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c.si.

[1785.

toms, and the aforesaid, (Kail forthwith transmit, or cause to be transmitted, officer to lock the said copy or copies of the said manifest or manifests, or

down the - V _.r n .'tr*

hatchway 8.

Penalty on not produc

content or contents in writing, to the said respective commissioners of his majesty's customs in Great Britain, and such officer or officers who shall have so received such copy or copies shall, s^nd is and are hereby required to batten and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of stowage in such ship or vessel, and the matter or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, and is, hereby required to assist, or cause to be assisted, the said officer or officers of his majesty's customs, by a (efficient number of the crew of such ship or vessel, in the battening and locking down the said hatchway or hatchways.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship

copietof mox ve^ m which any such tobacco shall be so imported or pifefts to the brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall not produce such officers of the manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing to each customs, and and every the officer and officers of his majesty's customs as affifhn lock aforesaid, upon demand thereof and also give such copy or co ing down the pies thereof as aforesaid to the officer or officers of his majesty's hatchways, customs, who shall first come on board such ship or vessel upon her arrival as aforesaid, within any of the said ports in Ghat Britain herein before enumerated, all the tobacco on board such ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be tobacco imported Cr brought into Great Britain without a manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as before directed, and shall be subject and liable to the same duties as tobacco of the growth of the Spanish or Portuguese plantations; and the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and such master or other person, if he shall not aid and assist, or cause to be aided and assisted, the officer or officers of the customs as aforesaid, in battening and locking down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of stowage as aforesaid, such master or other person shall likewise forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall go on board any ship or vessel, in which any tobacco shall be so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall not demand, as aforesaid, the

ynaiufefts, etc, production of the manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing as aforesaid; or in case, upon production thereof, such officer or officers shall not certify thereupon the production thereof as aforesaid; or if any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, who shall first go on board such ship or vessel within the port of discharge for any such tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, and to whom such mapifeft or manifests, or content or contents in writing, shall have been so produced, and a copy or Copies thereof given or delivered as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to certify the receipt

r Of

Penalty on officers neglecting to require the pro duction of

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c#8r. 393

of such copy or copies in the manner herein before directed, or shall not, within twenty-four hours after the time of receiving such copy or copies as aforesaid, (unless prevented by some unavoidable accident or reasonable cause) enter, or cause to be entered, such copy or copies in the book so directed to be kept for that purpose as aforesaid, or shall not transmit the said copy or copies with all convenient speed, and without loss of time, to the said respective of of his majesty's customs iix Great Britain, as herein before is directed, or shall neglect or omit to batten and lock down the hatchway and hatchways as aforesaid, such officer or officers shall, for each and every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the of of Commission'majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them r of customs for the time being, shall, and are hereby required to six and ap a

point, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time mooring continued, at each and every of the respective ports in England ships, till their herein after mentioned; that is to say, London, Bristol, Liver cargoes are pooly Lancaster, Cowes, Whitehaven, and Hull, a certain place for de lvere*the purpose of mooring every ship or vessel, which shall so as aforesaid come or arrive within any of those respective ports, laden with tobacco as aforesaid 5 from which place such respective ships or vessels shall not, on any pretence' whatsoever, depart, until their respective cargoes of tobacco shall have been delivered from them in the manner herein after mentioned, and until such ships or vessels shall be regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the customs for that purpose; and the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby in like manner authorised and required to six and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time continued, at each and every of the said respective ports in Scotland herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, Greenock or Port Glasgow, a certain place for the purpose of mooring such ships or vessels as shall come to or arrive at any of the said respective ports in Scotland herein before enumerated; from which place such respective ships or vessels shall not on any pretence whatsoever, depart, until their respective cargoes of tobacco shall have been delivered from them in the manner herein after mentioned, and until such ships or vessels shall have been regularly cleared by the proper officer or officers of the customs for that purpose; if the master of any ship Penalty on or vessel, having such tobacco on board as aforesaid, upon her none^p^j, e arrival at any of the before mentioned ports in England or Scot reflations of land respectively, shall not forthwith comply with all and every the commis the directions, requisitions, and regulations, given, required, fionera of the fixed upon, or appointed by the said respective of customa* of the customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the commissioners of the customs, or any three r more of them for the time being, in Scotland, by virtue and in pursuance of the authority herein before given, and the tv. power

394

Penalty on

tjiority from the officer of the customs, unless from necessity.

Affho vic€fim6qulnt6ge<)rgii!n. C 8l.

[178^ povrdr veiled in such commissiotilrs respectively, in order to secure the due payment of the duties upon the tobacco so to be imported or brought into Great Britain, such mailer, or Other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, unless, in the judgement of the said of, such mailer or other person shall be prevented from such compliance by means of any unforeseen or unavoidable accident.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after the arrival breaking bulk of any ship or vessel so laden with tobacco as aforesaid within without au the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, bulk shall be broken, or any part of the cargo of such ship or vessel shall be unladed or unshipped, with intention to be laid on land, or unshipped for any other purpose whatsoever, out of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, within the limits or distance aforesaid, before such ship or vessel shall come to the place appointed for her discharge, as before direct ed, and shall be there duly authorised by the proper officer or officers of the customs to unlade the same (unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, or other unavoidable accident, necessity, or distress; of which necessity and distress, or other. unavoidable accident, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice; and the said mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with two or more of the mariners on board such ship or vessel, shall make proof upon oath, before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs of the port within the Jimits of y^hich such accident, necessity, or distress shall happen, or before the collector, or other chief officer of the first port in Great'britain within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall afterwards arrive, if the said accident, necessity, or distress, shall have happened not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, (which oath the said collector, or other chief officer, is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such ship or vessel, together with her cargo, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and the said mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; or if the fastenings or locks to the hatchway or hatchways on board any such ship or vessel, or any of them, after having been so battened and locked down as aforesaid by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs as aforesaid, shall be broken before the

Penalty on

linfaftenin? 1, 18 ivldjc, L V a tuuull, a aiuicnuu, uicm uc uiua.ch uciuic me. locks without said ship's arrival at her moorings as aforesaid, or before the authority. same shall have been opened under the authority of the proper officer or officers of the customs as aforesaid, unless upon the like proof as before mentioned of the unavoidable necessity thereof, made in the manner before directed in case of bulk being broken, or any part of the cargo unladen or unshipped as aforesaid, matter, or other person having or taking the charges

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8 u 39

or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum Of one hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the mailer, or other Master of vef person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or fel to make. vessel, in which such tobacco shall be so imported or brought as oat^otthe aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, on or before the arrival of burden, con such ship or vessel at her moorings as aforesaid, at any one of the tents, etc. said respective ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, thereof, be make a just and true entry, upon oath, of the burden, con officer of the tents, and lacting, of such ship or vessel, with the particular customs at the marks, numbers, qualities, and contents, of every parcel of port agreeable goods then laden on board such ship or vessel, to the best of his to act 1 Eliz, knowledge and belief, and do and perform every at and thing and 14 Car. in relation thereto, before the customer, collector, or other CII on*chief officer of the customs of the said port, openly in the cuf penalty of tom house at the same port, in the manner and as directed and i0°h; and to required by an act passed in the first year of the reign of her late ^anlfett lin majesty Queen Elizabeth, entitled, An act for limiting the times der like pc for laying on land merchandise from beyond the seas and touching nalty for neg* customs for sweet wines; and by an act passed in the thirteenth left. and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled. An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his majesty s customs, under the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the said master or other person shall, at the time that he so makes his report or said entry upon oath of his ship at the customhouse as aforesaid, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the / said port, the manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as before directed to accompany such respective cargoes, and to be on board every ship or vessel in which tobacco shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain and if the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall omit, neg or refuse, to deliver such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing as aforesaid, to the said collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the time he so makes his said report or entry upon oath of his ship at the customhouse as aforesaid, every such master, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum one of hundred pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every importer Importers of or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or con tobacco to signees, of any tobacco imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively, within ten days, mitedtime if the whole or the major part of the lading of the ship or vef after arrival fel in which the same shall be so imported or brought be to at any port bacco, or within fifteen days, if the major part of the lading the

of such ship or vessel shall consist of other goods, and not of quantity, etc. tobacco, after the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall have or ought to have made his report or said entry upon oath of his ship, in. manner

fr

and if duties are not forthwith paid, to give bond for payment.

Tabacco imported to be deposited in warehouses to be fixed upon by the commimpn ers of the customs.

Anno vi&simo quinto Georgii tu.' a 81, [r 785*

manner hereinbefore directed, make, in the usual and accus toaied manner, with the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain where the said ship or vessel shall arrive so laden in the whole or in part with tobacco as aforesaid, a due entry in writing of all the tohaceo so by them, and each and every of them, respectively imported in such ship or vessel, pr of which they, and each and every of them, are the importers, proprietors, and cpnfignpes, respectively* agreeably to the several and respective marks, numbers, and: contents, as specified in the manifest or manifests, content or contents in writing, relative to such respective tobacco, and also agreeably to the particulars set forth in the said report, or said entry upon oath, of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco shall be so as aforesaid respectively imported or brought int Great Britain; and the said respective importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, immediately after they have respectively so duly entered their said tobacco as aforesaid, with the said collector or other chief officer of the customs as aforesaid, provided he or they do not respectively forthwith pay into the hands of the collector, or other chief officers the customs, the several subsidies, customs, duties, and imports, due and payable for the said tobacco, shall, and are hereby directed and required, severally and respectively, to become bound unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in one or more bond or bonds, in the penalty of double the amount of the duties upon the tobacco so entered as aforesaid, for payment of the said subsidies, customs, duties, and imports, within eighteen months, to commence at and from the expiration of twenty days after the report or said entry upon oath of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco shall be form ported or brought as aforesaid, or to commence from the said entry of such tobacco respectively, by the several and respective importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof as aforesaid, within those twenty days, which ever period of time shall first happen 5 which bond or bonds shall not be given up, cancelled, or discharged, but upon payment of the respective duties by such bond or bonds so secured to be paid, or upon the due exportation of the tobacco, for the payment of the duties upon which such bond or bonds are respectively given, under the restrictions and regulations herein after directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all tobacco which shall from time to time be so imported as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, upon being landed, be forthwith (jarried and conveyed to, and having been examined, weighed, and dealt with in the manner herein after directed, be forthwith deposited or lodged in, and secured at such particular warehouse or warehouses as shall be fixed upon, and from time to time appointed for that purpose, at the said several ports herein before enumerate within. Great Britain, by the said of of the V customs

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8 r. 397

customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the said of of the customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, respectively; and to which said respective warehouses, and no other, tobacco, upon being so landed as aforesaid, shall be carried or conveyed as aforesaid, under theguard and especial care of such officer or officers of the customs as shall from time to time be fixed upon and appointed for that purpose, under the authority of the said of of the customs, or any four or more of them for the time being, in England, or the said of of the customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said commifli* Commission

oners of the customs, or any four or more of them for the ^arehouses C time being in England, and the said of of the cuf out of duties toms, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scot ou tobacco. land, respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered, out of t

any of the subsidies, customs, duties, or imports, paid by virtue or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament now in

force, upon the importation of tobacco into Great Britain, to provide from time to time, as they hall deem requisite and northeast ceflkry for the public fervrce, and for the service of revenue, a warehouse or warehouses at each and every of the said respective enumerated ports; in which warehouse or warehouses, and no other, all such tobacco, so as aforesaid imported or brought into Great Britain, shall be so deposited, or lodged and secured as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the landing waiters Landing wa?. appointed for the delivery of every ship or vessel so arriving as ters to apply aforesaid at any of the several ports in Great Britain herein before tors for the enumerated, from any port or place within his said majesty's entries of im colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, in America, or from ported tobac the said United States of America, having tobacco on board, shall, £0, and not upon being so appointed to such ship or vessel as aforesaid, ap be landevtill ply in the usual manner to the collector of the customs at such they have en port for the usual entry or entries made of such tobacco, or war tered the par rant or warrants of entry, ascertaining the duties upon such to ticulars in bacco either to have been paid or secured, and for the manifest o^ena^tv of or manifests, or content or contents in writing, accompanying 50ip y the/aid tobacco, (who is hereby required and directed to deliver

the same to such landing waiters); and such landing waiters are hereby directed and required not to suffer any part of the tobacco on board such ship or vessel to be landed until they have, from and agreeably to the manifest or manifests, or cdntent or Contents in writing, so delivered to them by the said collectof, entered into their respective books (given to them by the directions of the commissioners of his majesty's customs, for keeping accounts of goods by them delivered, or suffered to be delivered, from on board such ships) the several and respective entries so made as aforesaid, and the several and respective marks, numbers, weights, taxes, and contents, of the several hogsheads,

casks.

*39^ Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. €* Ht.

[1785.

calks, chests, and Cases, as described and set forth in the man? fed or manifestsy or content or contents in writing, so directed Landing wai as aforesaid, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fifty pounds; thesufuai1v er an thefaicl landing waiters are hereby directed and required to mit tou?he Cr" 8^ve or deliver to such officer or officers of his majesty's customs officers on as shall be appointed for that purpose by the said of board for the of his majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in eng delivery of land for the time being, or the of of his majesty's any o acco. customs so Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, respectively, the usual and accustomed order or orders to the officers stationed on board such ship or vessel, permitting them to suffer such particular hogsheads or other packages of tobacco on board such ship or vessel, particularly described in such said order or orders, to be delivered from on board such. or vessel, in the usual and accustomed manner $ and such

Regulations officer or officers of his majesty's customs, to whom such order for delivery, or orders shall be so delivered as aforesaid, from such landing waiters as aforesaid, shall forthwith repair on board such ship or vessel, and in the presence of the officers then stationed on board, and in the presence likewise of the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, if such master or other person be then on board, and thinks proper or chooses to attend, upon being acquainted therewith by the said officer or officers, open the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of stowage as aforesaid in such, ship or vessel, and bring, or cause to be brought upon the deck of such ship or vessel, the several hogsheads or other packages of tobacco on board such ship or vessel, particularly mentioned and described in such order or orders so delivered to them as aforesaid by the landing waiters, and affix, or cause to be affixed, to ea6h and every such hogshead, cask, chess, or case of tobacco, such mark or impression as the said t of of the customs for the time being, in Great Brit

tain, respectively, shall direct for that purpose, with the pron

gressive number to each and every such hogflhead, cask, chest, or case; and after the said several hogsheads, calks, chests, andi cases of tobacco have had such mark or impression so affixed to them respectively as aforesaid, the same is and are hereby di reed and required to be unshipped into proper craft, and sent up under proper guards, and landed in the usual manner, and and for con at the usual places, and to be conducted forthwith under proper veying* the guard, and the care of such officers as the said respective com the ware0 missioners of his majesty's customs in Great Britain shall re houses. spectively appoint for that purpose, to the respective warehouse or warehouses in which the same tobacco is to be so deposited; Landing wai or lodged in and secured as aforesaid; the said landing waiters to fix ers so appointed as aforesaid to such respective ship or vessel, on each^afe, 3 and are hereby required, upon the respective hogftieads,

etc. and enter casks, chests, or cases of tobacco being so brought as aforesaid the same in to the said respective warehouse or warehouses, and at or near

their books, tke same to cause the usual and accustomed landing marks, or on penalty of & such

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8 r. .399

inch other landing marks as shall be from time to time directed by the said respective of of the customs in Great Britain as aforesaid, to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, cask, chest, or case whatsoever, containing such tobacco so landed as aforesaid 5 and the said landing waiters are hereby also" " to enter such landing, marks in their several and respective books so given to them as aforesaid from the said respective of of the customs, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds each; and the said landing waiters at or near to Landing wa? the said warehouse or warehouses are then to weigh, or cause to t£rs to weigh be weighed, the said several and respective hogsheads, calks, the tofeacco* cherts, or cases, and to insert as usual the several and respective weights in their said respective books; and, in order to prevent disputes between the officers who shall attend the weighing of such tobacco as aforesaid, and the importers, proprietors or consignees in regard to the justice of the weights to be taken, it is hereby directed, that the weights shall be as minutely and correctly taken as possible, giving the turn of the scale in favour of the crown; but in lieu thereof, and that the merchant may not be aggrieved, the said officers of the customs are hereby authorised and required to allow to the merchant two pounds Allowance la weight avoirdupois upon every hogshead, cask, chest, or case so lieu of the respectively weighed; which mode, in regard to the turn of the scale.of^scale, is hereby directed and required to be observed particularly, and followed in weighing tobacco for exportation to foreign parts, or on delivery thereof for home trade, as herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the said hogs Samples may heads, calks, cherts, or cases, have been so weighed as afore tobacco said, the several importers, proprietors, or consignees, or their which has agents, shall be permitted, in the presence of the said respective been weighed, landing waiters, to draw or take, for the purpose of sample only, but must be out of each hogshead, calk, chest, or case, so weighed as afore retun*e<b said, as much tobacco as they shall respectively require, not exceeding four pounds weight; which said tobacco, so taken as, aforesaid by way of sample, shall be returned by the said importers, proprietors, or consignees, respectively, to be weighed together with the respective hogshead, cask, chest, or case, out of which such sample tobacco hath been so taken as aforesaid, upon the re weighing thereof respectively, either for exportation or for home trade.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be found necessary by the said merchants to take a second sample of tobacco, take^under it shall be lawful for them so to do, provided, at the time of the same retaking it, the first be returned and put into the respective hogs ftridions, on head, cask, chest, or case, out of which it was taken, and proof, the vided such second sample be taken in the presence of the officer or officers of the customs in whose custody the tobacco shall then be, and provided such second sample shall not exceed four pounds weight; which said second sample is hereby directed and

e required

d Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. g 8l. Xl7$5*

required to be returned in order to be weighed, either for exportation or home trade as aforesaid -

wai

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the landing waiters terstotumifti before they proceed to weigh any of the tobacco so landed as kee^rsw?th afore^a^> tliall furnifti the officer or officers of the customs, copies of the who shall be appointed to the care of the respective warehouse entries, etc. or warehouses in which the said tobacco is to be so lodged as aforesaid, and in whose custody such tobacco is to be so deposited as aforesaid, with a copy of the several and respective entries, or warrants of entry, for such respective tobacco, and each and every day after they have so weighed any of the same. tobacco, likewise furnish such officer or officers with the landing numbers and weights of each respe<stive hogshead, cask, chest, or case, so respectively weighed on that day, which the said warehouse officer or officers are hereby directed to enter, or cause to be entered, in proper books to be kept for that purpose; and as soon as the whole cargo of tobacco of any one re and with a spective ship shall have been so landed, weighed, and deposited cheque book in such warehouse or warehouses respectively as aforesaid, the when the landing waiters appointed to such ship or vessel shall forthwith is demjfhech furn^ the warehouse officer or officers with one of their whichafter* said books so kept as aforesaid by him or them for the same examination ship; and the said warehouse officer or officers, after comparing is to be re the same with the accounts kept by him or them from the ma touielandingter's with which he or they shall have been so furnished daily waiter. B as aforesaid by the said landing waiters, sign the lame book so left with them as aforesaid by the said landing waiters, if the said account of the said warehouse officer or officers shall be found in every respect to correspond therewith, and, sister so signing it, return the same to the same landing waiters.

Landing wai

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said landing ters after the waiters shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the whole oftfie^cargo) carg° tobacco of any one respective ship or vessel shall have to deliver to been so landed, weighed, and deposited in such warehouse or the merchant warehouses respectively as aforesaid, deliver, without fee or re aa account of ward, to each merchant having tobacco on board such respectweights of the ^ve or^required, an account from their said books

hogshead, etc. f the particular marks and numbers upon the several hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases, containing such merchant's tobacco, respectively, with the particular weights of each such hogshead, cask, chest, or case, and the particulars of the damage cut off and separated from the tobacco in each such several and respective hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases.

Damaged to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no allowance, bacco to be cither at the scale, or otherwise, shall be made to the importer dutyvsrefu orraportersj proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or con fed to be paid. signees, for or in consideration of any such tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain being damaged or mean; but in case any merchant or other person shall refuse to enter, and pay or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then he or they

t Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. 8 r. 4afc

shall have liberty to refofe the same, or to separate such damaged tobacco, by cutting off from the hogshead or other package so much thereof, 'as he or they shall reftife to pay duty for; and the principal officers of his majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them shall cause all such tobacco to be burnt or destroyed, without making any allowance to such importer, proprietor, or consignee, for freight or other charges, other than the allowances hereafter in this a provided 5 any lav or custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared,

That it shall not be lawful for any merchant or other The stalk not person, nor shall they have liberty, to separate the stalk frotft0 be separat '* the leaf, on pretence that the same is damaged or nfream to f^ from the bacco, V '

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ift case Allowance for any tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as, afore ^ly^amaged* said shall happen to receive damage on board any ship or vessel, on hip board'* by stress of weather at sea, or any damage by any such ship or etc.

vessel being forced on shore in any part of Great Britain, or if any unforeseen accident shall happen, after the arrival of any ship or vessel within the port for discharging her tobacco iti Great Britaitiy by the ship's bulging on an anchor, or by the lighter into which the tobacco is put in order to be laid on land, or by any suchlike accident, whereby such tobacco shall receive damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the of or collectors, or other chief officers of his Majesty's customs, to allow and pay to the importer, proprietor, or consignee, at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of such tobacco for which the importer, proprietor, or consignee, shall refuse to pay or secure the full duties, and which shall be cut off or separated from the sound tobacco, in order to be burnt, or otherwise publicly destroyed, by the officers of his majesty's customs, so as fuel) allowance shall not exceed thirty Shillings for all the tobacco damaged in any one Tingle hogftiead, calk chest, or case imported; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and Regulations enabled, That if, upon the landing and examination of any un and e portln^ manufactured tobacco so imported into Great Britain as afore the sound part said, it shall appear that the tobacco in any of the hogsheads, of damaged calks, chests, or cases containing the same, is so much damag tobacco, ed, that by cutting off the damaged part thereof (for which no duty is to be paid), the sound tobacco remaining in any of such hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases (for which duty is to be paid) is under the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, then, and., in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, in the presence of the landing waiters appointed to deliver the ship in which the same was imported, to cause all such sound tobacco to be put together into one or more of the same hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases, out of whrch the demaged

402

Regulations on entry of tobacco for exportation.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i.

[1785.

tobacco was taken; and the said landing waiters, or other proper officers, are hereby directed and required to enter into their respective bo6ks the true and exact weight of all such sound tobacco put into each and every such hog (head, case, chest, or case, with the several and respective marks and numbers seton each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, and also to note andfpecify in their books that such hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases were packed and re filled in their presence; and all and every such hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases, of unmanufactured tobacco, shall and may be exported from the warehouse or warehouses into which the same shall have been so respectively lodged or deposited, and secured as aforesaid, provided the quantity of the tobacco in each such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, in the same manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as if the package of such tobacco had not been altered; anything herein before contained to the contrary riot withstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall enter, at any of the several ports in Great Britain herein before enumerated, any such tobacco, in order to be shipped and exported, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, to any part or parts beyond the seas, shall, at or near to the warehouse or warehouses in which such tobacco shall have been so as aforesaid lodged or deposited, and secured as aforesaid, and before the same, or any part thereof, is finally discharged from the custody of the officer or officers of the said re spedfcive warehouse or warehouses, in order to be laden on board any ship or vessel to be so exported, endorse upon the cocquet and bill to be delivered to the searcher or searchers belonging to the customs, and appointed to examine tobacco shipped for exportation, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, the plantation or manifest mark and number which was upon each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, at the time when the same was.first imported into Great Britain, and also the landing marks and numbers which were placed and set upon each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case thereof, when the same was first landed in Great Britain, together with the exact weight of the tobacco contained in each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, at the time of its being landed in Great Britain; and likewise endorse upon the same cocquet and bill, after weighing, in the presence of the officer or officers of the customs appointed to that business by the respective of of the customs in Great Britain for the time being respectively, the tobacco so entered for exportation, the then weight of the tobacco contained in each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case at the time it is so weighed for exportation; and the searcher or searchers shall not admit any cocquet unless marked as aforesaid; and all and every exporter and exporters of tobacco shall also write off, and they are hereby required and directed to write off the weight of each hogshead,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 403

head, cask, chest, or case of unmanufactured tobacco by him her, or them exported from any port as aforesaid of Great bri tain, to any part or parts beyond the seas, from the identical and particular entry made of each and every such hogshead cask, chest, or case of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was first imported into Great Britain; and if any person or persons whatsoever, who shall enter outwards for exportation, to any part or parts beyond the seas, from any port or place in Great Britain, any such unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to endorse upon the cocquet and bill for the said tobacco, delivered to the searchers, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, all and each and every of the several and respective marks, numbers, and weights herein before mentioned and described, and in the manner and form the same is hereby required and directed to be done, or who shall neglect or refuse to write off the weight of each and every hogshead, cask, chest or case of unmanufactured tobacco by him, her, or them exported, from the identical entry made thereof, at the time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, agreeable to the directions herein before given for that purpose; all and each and every such person or persons, so offending in either one or other of those particulars, shall forfeit and lose the sum of five Penalty oii pounds for every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of such unma neglect. nufadured tobacco not endorsed upon the said cocquet and bill as aforesaid, or the weight of which shall not be so respectively Written off in manner herein before directed; any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Bifcount to importer or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given security as be allowed oil aforesaid for the payment of the said duties in eighteen months, payte?*fof shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part become thereof, in ready money, sooner than the expiration of the said due. eighteen months, he shall, be abated, upon such bond or bonds,

so much as the discount, at the rate of seven pounds per^centum per annum, shall amount to in proportion to the rhyme uoexpired*

XXIX. And be it further enacted That no debenture shall No manufac

be made forth for any tobacco To imported as aforesaid into be ex^orr* Great Britain, or any drawback be paid or allowed for the same, buttn the

when exported, or entered outwards for exportation, to any same pack part or parts beyond the seas, unless the same, and every part ages, and fro ox thereof, be shipped and exported from the very same port or

place at which such identical tobacco was originally imported ^hghiailylm into Great Britain, and no other; and unless the same identical ported, tobacco, if unmanufactured, and every parr thereof, be shipped and exported in the original package, with the same marks in and with which it was at first imported into Great Britain, together with the landing mark herein before required to be placed and set thereupon, and no other, without any alteration Whatsoever being made in the package (except such as shall be occasioned by necessary cooperage for the repairs of the said package), or any other tobacco being putjherein, or aay part

4°4 Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8r.

[1785.

of the tobacco being rertnoved or taken but of the package in which it was at first imported, (except such tobacco as shall have been so taken out for sample as before allowed, and directed to be so returned into such original package for exportation as aforesaid; if any person or persons whatsoever shall enter any tobacco for exportation at any other port or place than that at which the same identical tobacco was imported, or in any other calk or package (if unmanufactured tobacco) than the same in which it was originally imported, or without the same marks, and the said landing marks, all such tobacco shall be Penalty. forfeited, and no drawback shall be paid thereupon; or if any be paid, the same shall be repaid, and the person who entered, or caused the same to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and whosoever shall knowingly export beyond the seas any hogshead, or other package of tobacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, he, she, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such hogshead, or other package of tobacco so exported.

Before to

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when any such tobacco is taken bacco, so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be intended to be taken out of any warehouse, the bonded duties to be paid, and the vouchers thereof to be

housekeeper.

out of any such respective warehouse or warehouses, for home trade, the person or persons who shall intend to take the same out of such warehouse or warehouses, whether such person or persons be the original importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, or the purchaser, purchasers of such tobacco from such importer or importers, the war with propretor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, shall, before such tobacco is taken out of such respective warehouse or warehouses, pay down in ready money, to the collector or other chief officer of his majesty's customs, at the respective port where such tobacco shall so be warehoused, the duties secured by bond or bonds, in manner before directed, for such respective tobacco, and shall produce to, and leave and deposit with the officer or officers in whole custody such tobacco shall then be, a clear, distinct, and proper voucher or vouchers, from the collector or other chief officer of the customs (which said officer is hereby directed and required to grant the same, without fee or reward, to the person or persons who shall have so as aforesaid paid the duties for such tobacco, on his application to such officer for the same) directed to such officer or officers of the customs in whose custody such tobacco shall then be, ascertaining the duties to have been paid for such respective tobacco; and the said collector, or other chief officer of the customs, together with his comptroller, shall also, and is hereby dire died and required, without fee or reward, to grant to such person or persons, who shall have so paid the duties as aforesaid, a certificate Certificate of or certificates that the duties for such tobacco have been so paid, payment of describing therein by whom such duties were paid, and the duties to be t; me when, and in what ship or vessel, or ships or vessels, the w1 out same, and every part thereof, was respectively imported, arrd

given

see.

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 405

+also the marks and numbers of the identical hogshead or hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases, in which such tobacco shall be contained, and describing also the name or names of the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall be so sent, and the place or places of his or their abode respectively, on pain of forfeiting

the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence; and the Warehouse

said warehouse officer or officers is and are hereby directed keeper to de

and required to deliver all the tobacco for which the duties shall liver tc?-cc° X on certilicstc

have been so paid, to the person or persons so producing such and to enter 9

voucher or vouchers, and certificate or certificates as aforesaid; the same, and the same warehouse officer or officers is and are hereby directed and required to enter, in the books so to be kept by him or them as aforesaid, the particulars of such voucher or vouchers, and certificate or certificates as aforesaid, so as in such books clearly to show, and particularly describe, the discharge of such respective tobacco from his or their custody.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco unma No unmanu nufactured shall be removed, carried, or conveyed, by land or factured toby water, from any port or place of importation as afore- removed from said, within Great Britain, to any other port or place whatso pjace to pjace ever, within Great Britain, or shall be removed from any one without cer place within or without such port or place of importation, to tificate, and

y any other place within or without the same port or place, within ori*sinal out a certificate from the collector, or other chief officer of the pacage*cgstoms, and the comptroller as aforesaid, and in the original package in which it was imported, preserving the same marks and numbers, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such to Penalty, bacco as shall be so carried or removed without such certificate, and the package containing the same as aforesaid, and also the horses and cattle, and carts, wagons, and other carriages whatsoever, employed or any way made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That before any unma Regulations

nufadfured tobacco shall be removed, carried or conveyed, by for removal land or by water, as aforesaid, the proprietor, factor, or agent of tobacco thereof shall describe and insert, on the back of such certificate, ace°

in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular pack 4

age in which such tobacco is contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exact weight of the tobacco contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same is to be delivered, and to which the same is to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person to whom, the tobacco is consigned; and such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate so granted, if going by land,

shall express the number of days it shall continue in force, and shall accompany the tobacco to such place to which the same is to be carried and conveyed; and upon its coming to such place, the person or persons receiving the same, or to whom the tobacco

40<? Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. [1785.

belongs, shall cause such certificate to be delivered to the chief officer of the customs, if any such there be; and in case there be no officer of the customs, then to the officer of excise of the division vyhereunto such goods are carried, and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, and if they agree therewith, the tobacco may be taken away and disposed of by the person or persons to whom of right they belong or appertain, and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate distinctly in a book by him to be kept for that purpose; and the officer of the customs or excise receiving such, certificate shall from time to time transmit the same to the officer now appointed, or the office or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for keeping such accounts.

Regulations

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every per tobeobserved son and persons who shall import any tobacco into Great Bri when any im tain from any of his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, ported to or territories in America, or from the United States of America, tehdedtobe 3rk* w n anyw^e manufacture the same, or any part inaoufac thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or

tured. cause or procure the same, or any part thereof, to be manufactured

for his, her, or their own account or accounts, by any other person or persons, shall (before the same, or any, part thereof, be manufactured by the importer or importers, or by, any other person or persons employed by the importer or importers, to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers) deliver, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver, to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the place or port where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation or manifest mark and number of every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the name of the ship or ships in which the same was or were imported, and the time when, and also the landing mark and number seton each hogshead, cask, chest, or case, ajt the time of their importation into Great Britain, and also the exact weight of the tobacco contained in each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, at the time of their being first landed in Great Britain, and the exact weight the same were, at the time of the delivery thereof to be manufactured; which account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is delivered to be manufactured, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, with their several and respective names and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against each and every particular ship in which the same was imported, the weight of each, particular hogshead, cask, chest, or case, contained in such account, of tobacco intended to be manufactured'as

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8rj 407

as aforesaid, in the very same manner and form as if the said tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any im Penalties on porter or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such ac nfg.!e<a.of count as aforesaid, at the time, and in such manner and form, fc^onntof the in all respects, to all intents and purposes, as is herein before quantity, etc. dir&fted and required, or in case such account shall, at the time to be manu the same is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be factured, or a false and fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, she, or they, cotnuhereof* knowingly offending in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall knowingly be given; and the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known servant or agent, to (ign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogshead, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account, is knowingly given.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every When an im. person and persons who shall import any tobacco into Great porter sells Britain, from any of his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, tobacco, the or territories in America, or in the United States of America, who wfth re

shall sell the same, or any part thereof, to any person or persons spectto de! shall, within three days after the delivery thereof livery ofac out of his custody to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, or countsthereof their order, give and deliver to the collector, or other chief of on°xpor ficer of the customs, at the port or place where such tobacco tation, under was imported, an account in writing, containing the plantation the same pe or manifest mark and number of every hogshead, calk, chest, nalties. or case of tobacco, so sold or delivered, with the name of the ship or ships in which the same was imported, and the timei when, and also the landing mark and number seton each hog (head, cask, chest, or case, at the time of their importation into Great Britain, and also the exact weight thereof at the time of their falls or delivery to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, which account shall be signed by such importer, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is sold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents with their several and respective names and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against each and every particular ship in which the same was imported, the weight of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco contained in such account, in the same manner and form as if the said tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such account as aforesaid, at th time, -

40$ Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. [1785.

And in such manner and form, in all respects, to all intents and purposes, as herein before directed and required, or in case such account shall, at the time the same is given in, or at any time afterwards, appear to be false or fraudulent, in any respect whatsoever, he, she, or they, knowingly offending in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum'of thirty pounds for every hogshead or other package of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall be knowingly given; and the person or persons to whom or to whose order such tobacco shall have been sold or delivered, neglecting, by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their known servant or agent, to sign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly signing any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of thirty

pounds for every such hogshead, cask, chest, or case of tobacco, of which no account, or for which a fraudulent account, is knowingly given.

Second ptity

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the second pur manufatured Chaser any entre hogshead of unmanufactured tobacco shall tobacco in and maybe entitled to the benefit of a certificate on the re hogsheads en moval of any such tobacco, or of any stalks shipped, or any filled to the snuff or manufactured tobacco made therefrom, by land or by cates cmre ater? n bke manner as certificates by this act are directed to moval as the be granted to the first purchaser from the importer; and that first purchaser. in all such certificates, so to be granted to such second purchaser of any entire hogshead or hogsheads of such tobacco, the name ofthp importer or importers, seller or sellers thereof, maybe omitted; provided that the seller to such second purchaser shall have delivered to the collector or other chief officer of the port where such tobacco shall have been imported, such and the like account as the importer or importers thereof are by this act required to give.

Manufactured

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no manufactured tobaccoabove tobacco, or tobacco stalks, exceeding six pounds weight, or weight^e bluff, exceeding six pounds weight, shall, in any form or man moved with ner whatsoever, be removed, carried, or conveyed, by land, or out certificate by water, from any port or place whatsoever in Great Britain, of the duties to any other port or place in Great Britain, or from any place paicms for? whatsoever within the same port or place, to any other place feited. within the same, unless in the manner herein after mentioned;

(that is to say), if it be tobacco stalks, or snuff, or other manufactured tobacco, which is to be carried by land or by water as aforesaid, the same shall not be removed, carried, or conveyed, without a certificate or certificates, and oath of the importer (in case the importer applies for the same) being first had and obtained as aforesaid, that such stalks were stripped or separated from, or such snuff or other manufactured tobacco was made from, one or more hogshead or hogsheads of tobacco for which the duties were by him paid; and in case the person applying for such certificate or certificates be a purchaser, such purchaser shall make oath that such stalks were stripped or separated,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. r;

or such snuff, or other manufactured tobacco, was made, from one or more hogshead or hogsheads of tobacco which had been delivered and received according to the directions of this act ( which said several certificates such officer and officers are hereby required and directed to grant, and, after writing the same off their books, to deliver to all apd every person or persons who shall apply to him or them for the same, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certificates or oaths, on pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such offence) upon forfeiture of all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and snuff, together with the cask and package containing the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, for which such respective certificate is so respectively granted, shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, as aforesaid, the proprietor, factor, or agent thereof, shall describe and insert, on the back of such certificate or certificates, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exa<t weight of each particular species of goods contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person to whom the goods are consigned; such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; and the certificate or certificates so granted, if going by land, shall express the number of days they shall respectively continue in force, and shall accompany the goods to such place to which they are to be carried and conveyed; and upon its coming to such place, 'the person or persons receiving the same, or to whom the goods belong, shall cause such certificate or certificates to be delivered to the chief officer of the customs, if any such there be, and in case there be no officer of the customs, then to the officer of the excise of the division within which fuel) goods are carried and conveyed; and such respective officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, and if they agree therewith, the goods may be taken away, and disposed of, by the person or persons to whom of right they belong or appertain, and such officer is thereupon to enter such certificate or certificates distinctly, in a book to be kept by him for that purpose; the officer of the customs or excise receiving such certificate or certificates shall, from time to time, transmit the same to the officer now appointed, or the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for keeping such accounts.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no unmanufactured tobacco, or manufactured tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, which shall have been removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, from any port or place in Great Britain to any other port or place whatsoever in Great Britain,

or

409

Before tobacco is removed, the weight, etc. of each package is to be Written on the back of the certificate, and signed by the proprietor

Certificate to express the number of days it is to continue in force, and to be delivered to the officer of the customs on the arrival of the goods at their intended place etc.

No tobacco shall be again removed without certificate of its having been

VI

legally received at the former place of renapval.

Person sap ply in g for certificates to describe on the back, and make oath of the troth thereof, the particulars, and weight, C

Certificate to express the number of days it is to continue in force, and to be delivered without fee, C

Certificates to be delivered to the proper officer on the arrival of the goods at their intended place, canno

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. [1785.

or which shall have been removed, carried, or conveyed front any one place within any one port or place, to any other place within the same port or place, (bah be afterwards removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, to any other port or place whatsoever within Great Britain, without a certificate or certificates being first had and obtained from the colleger and comptroller, or other chief officer or officers of the customs, at the port or place from whence such goods are intended to be removed, but if there is not any officer of the customs resident at such place, then from the officer of excise for the division with whom the former certificate or certificates was or were entered, that it appears to them, by the entries of the certificate or certificates in their books, upon the former removal, that such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or (huff, had been received by legal certificate, and also that the person or persons who shall apply to him or them for such certificate or certificates, had made oath to the truth thereof; and, before such certificate or certificates shall be granted, the proprietor of such tobacco, or the factor or iagent applying for the same, shall de feribe and insert, on the back of such certificate or certificates respectively, in a fair and legible manner, the names of each particular package in which such goods are contained, together with the particular marks and numbers seton each package, and also the true and exact weight of tobacco contained in each particular package, and the place from whence the same are to be delivered, and to which, and by what carriage, they are to be carried and conveyed, and by whom, and the name of the person or persons to whom, the goods are consigned, to which such proprietor, factor, or agent, shall subscribe his, her, or their name or names, and make oath to the truth thereof; which several and respective oaths herein before directed, the collector or comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, or the officer of excise, granting such respective certificate or certificates, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer; and the certificate or certificates so respectively granted, if going by land, shall express the number of days it or they shall continue in force; and the officer or officers granting such certificate or certificates, after writing the same off their books, in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpose, are hereby directed to deliver such certificate or certificates to the person or persons who shall apply to them for the same, without any fee or reward whatsoever for such certificate or certificates, or for administering the oaths hereby required, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every such offence, and to transmit a duplicate of such certificate or certificates to the said officer now appointed, or the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed by the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for keeping such accounts; and the said certificate or certificates so granted, shall accompany such tobacco to the place where, and be delivered to the persons to whom, such tobacco shall be consigned, who, upon receiving the same, shall cause such certificate or certificates to be delivered to the chief officer

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 411

of the customs, if any such there be, and in case there he ho officer of the customs, then to the officer of excise of the division within which such goods are carried and conveyed; and such officer is hereby directed to examine the same with the goods, andlif they agree therewith the goods may be taken away and disposed of by the person or persons to whom of right they belong; and which officer is thereupon to enter such certificate or certificates distinctly, in a book to be kept by him for tfiat purpose, and transmit the original certificate or certificates to the said officer now appointed, or to the officer or officers hereafter to be appointed, by the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for keeping such accounts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco or Penalties on tobacco stalks, exceeding six pounds weight, or any snuff, ex removing to ceeding six pounds weight, shall be found removing, either by^x^ound^ land or by water, without having one or other of the certificates weight wfth herein before directed, all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and out certifi snuff, and the casks, chests, cases, or other package containing cate, and on the same, together with the horses, cattle, carts, wagons, and counterfeit^all other carriages whatsoever, employed oriri anywise made certifi^" use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of such tobacco, cates, tobacco stalks, or snuff, or any or either of them, shall be forfeited and lost, and the carrier or other person employed or intruded in the removing, carrying, or conveying such goods, or any or either of them, shall, besides the loss of the cattle and carriages, be committed to the county gaol for the space of one month, by any justice of the peace for the county where the offence is committed, or the offender shall be found; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, erase, or in anywise alter any such certificate or certificates, or duplicate or duplicates, as herein before is mentioned and described, or shall cause or procure the same, or any or either of them, to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered, in any respect, (he, or they, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco nor tono tobacco, bacco stalks, exceeding the quantity of six pounds weight, nor C above six snuff, exceeding six pounds weight, shall be conveyed or car p01?nds ried, by land or by water, from any port or place in Great Bri Amoved e tain to any other port or place in Great Britain, or from any without being place within any port in Great Britain to any other place within marked on the the same port, in any hogflhead, cask, chest, case, or other package, package, unless such hogshead, cask, chest, case, or other package, be stamped or marked on the outside with the respective words Tobacco Tobacco Stalks, or Snuffs in large letters, not less than three inches in length, under the penalty and forfeiture of all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, with the package thereof, and one shilling for every pound weight thereof, to be paid by the owner of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, unless it can be proved that the goods so removing was without his, her, or their knowledge.

\4t2. Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i [1785.

No manufactured tobac

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no manufactured tobacco, tobacco stalks*snuff, exceeding the quantity Of six co, C above pounds weight in the whole although in different packages, weight, 1tho' retnovecu carried, or conveyed, either by land or by

in different water, at one and the same time, by one and the same carriage packages, or conveyance, and directed to one and the same person, or to

shall be re different persons in one and the same partnership in trade, with

time to^he16 outa certificate, as is herein before directed, being first had and same person, obtained from the collector and comptroller, or other chief of or different ficer or officers of the customs, or the officer of excise (if there persons in be not any officer of the customs there) of the port or place withmatcer rom w^ence tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff, shall be so tificate. removed, and to accompany the same to the port or place to which the same is to be carried or conveyed, upon forfeiture thereof.

No tobacco

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no unmanufactureed which has tobacco, manufactured tobacco tobacco stalks, or snuff, which mb^e^fhau6'" Aiall een removed from, the port or place of importation

be returned Great Britain, or from any other port or place in Great Bri back again to tain, to any other port or place in Great Britain, shall be again thefameplace returned or sent back to such port or place from whence the

from thecb^n ^ame was or wre ^e^ore recnoved or sent, upon any pretence missioners of whatsoever, without leave being first had and obtained for that the customs. purpose from the of of his majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them for the time being, or the of of his majesty's customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, in Scotland, and for which a special certificate shall be granted to accompany the same, in such manner and form as the said of respectively shall think proper, upon forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carriages, and boats madeufe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same.

Tobacco con

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any tobacco

veying tcrand js intended to be carried or conveyed from the port or place of mills without importation, or other place, to the mills of any manufactureer a certificate of tobacco, for the purpose of grinding the same into snuff, the to be forfeit said of of his majesty's customs m England, or any ed, and the four or more of them, or the of of his majesty's

remover customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the

thereof liable time being, respectively, are hereby authorised and required to to penalties, direct proper sufferances or certificates to be granted to accompany such tobacco to such mills, in order to be manufactured, and after it has been so manufactured, other suchlike sufferances or certificates, to accompany the same from such mills to the house of such manufactureer, from whence the same had been so sent, for the purpose of being so manufactured; and if any tobacco or snuff manufactured therefrom shall be found removing as aforesaid, without such sufferance or certificate as / aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, together with the horses,

cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same, and the person or persons to whom

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8u 413

such tobacco, or snuff manufactured therefrom, shall belong,

shall forfeit and lose twenty Shillings for every pound weight of tobacco or snuff, and the person employed in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of the same, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of five Shillings for every pound weight of such tobacco, or snuff; unless it can be proved that the tobacco or snuff so removing was without his, her, or their knowledge.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the bond or bonds Decrease of so given as aforesaid, for securing the duties upon any quantity weight of of tobacco so imported or brought into Great Britain as afore jyjngin wtre said, shall be discharged and cancelled by the debenture or de houses, to be bentures respectively made out and passed in the usual way, for allowed in the the net quantity or quantities of tobacco, taken at the weighing discharge of thereof as aforesaid for exportation, and upon the delivery of bon s such tobacco for home trade as aforesaid; when the whole of the tobacco to which such respective bond or bonds shall apply and respectively refer shall appear to have been so exported and delivered for home trade as aforesaid, and it shall also appear that there is a difference between the weights of such tobacco, taken as aforesaid at the importation, and the weights taken at the delivery thereof as aforesaid, for home trade and for exportation, jointly or severally, by a decrease in weight, arising from (hrinkage by lying in the warehouse, it shall and may be lawful for the officer or officers of the customs for the respective warehouse or warehouses from which such tobacco shall have been so delivered as aforesaid to certify the same, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required to grant the same, and such certificate shall go in discharge of such bond or bonds so given as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That at or before the Security to be shipping for exportation of any manufactured tobacco, the ex given that porter or exporters, with one or more person or persons, of ^acca^p which the master, or other person having the charge or com pedforpcpor mand of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco is intended to tation shall be exported, shall be one, shall give security to the customer, not bee' collector, or chief officer of the customs of the port where the Great Britain warehouse or warehouses out of which such tobacco is to be or tee of exported is or are situate, in the penalty of double the value of Man. the said tobacco, (which security the said customer, collector, or other chief officer, is hereby directed and empowered to take in the name of, and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors), that such tobacco so shipped, or any part thereof,

shall not be relanded or brought on shore again in any port or place of Great Britain, or the isle of Man; and such security Regulations shall be discharged in the manner herein after mentioned; for discharg (that is to say). For such of thewsaid goods as shall be entered ing such & for, or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, the islands of Guern cuny fey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof within six months from the date of the bond; and within eighteen months for such of the said goods as shall be entered for and landed in any of his

4h

Tobacco destroyed by fire in a warehouse, to be allowed in discharge of bonds.

Documents required by this a dt, and a4 Geo. a. C 4l. relative to importation of tobacco, to be transnoitted to Such per Son as shall be appointed by the treasury, who is to conform to the regula tiens of fof mer act.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8r.

[1785.

hrs majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America or Africa; and within thirty months for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope which said certificate for such tobacco as aforesaid as shall be landed in any part or place where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs there, importing that such tobacco was there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such tobacco as aforesaid as shall be entered for the islands of Guernsey, jer fey Alderney, or Sark, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs, if any such officer or officers shall be residing in these islands respectively, and for want of such officers residing the re, then by the governor of these Hlands, or the deputy governor thereof respectively; and for such tobacco as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other foreign port or place, to bring a certificate under a common seal of the chief magistrate of such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such tobacco was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, upon proof, in any or either of the said cases, that such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the sea, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the commissioners of the customs in England ox Scotland for the time being, respectively: provided always, That in case any tobacco so put into the said warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid shall be burnt or destroyed by fire, during the time it shall remain in such warehouse or warehouses, the respective bond or bonds which shall have been given for security of the duties thereon, shall be discharged for so much tobacco as shall have been so burnt or destroyed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That one of the books of the landing waiters so appointed to the delivery of every ship or vessel so importing tobacco as aforesaid, under this act, and every other document and documents in relation to tobacco so imported, as is now required by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effectual securing the duties upon tobacco, to be transmitted or delivered to such personas Should be deputed and appointed by the high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, to receive the same, (on the importation of tobacco imported under the regulation of that act), shall, and are hereby directed to be transmitted or delivered to such person who now is deputed and appointed fdr the purpose of that actor such other person or persons as shall hereafter be appointed to execute such office; and such person so deputed, or such person or persons so to be deputed and appointed as aforesaid, shall do and perform every act and thing, in every respect whatsoever, in regard to any tobacco so imported into Great Britain as aforesaid under this present act, as was done and performed by such person under the authority of the

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. 415

said act so passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled as aforesaid; and further, such said person so deputed and appointed, or such person or persons to be so deputed and appointed as aforesaid, by the high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, shall be furnished with all and every document and documents from all and every proper officer and officers of the customs who shall be possessed of the same, to enable such person or persons to be a competent cheque upon the tobacco so imported as aforesaid being delivered for exportation out of any of the respective warehouses aforesaid, or delivered for home trade as aforesaid, out of such respective warehouses,

XLVII and be it further enacted, That no tobacco, either Officers fuf manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped petting to for exportation to any parts beyond the seas (Ireland only excepted) in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless such ship or exportation vessel shall be of the burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards; and (to Ireland if any officer or officers of the customs shall apprehend, or have excepted) in reason to believe, that any such ship or vessel bound to foreign hen than parts, and having tobacco on board her, shall not be of the 70 tonnes! may burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards, it shall and may be law detain them full for such officer or officers to flop and detain such ship or till they are vessel, and the whole cargo laden on board her of tobacco, and admeasured, all other gbods, until he or they shall cause such ship or vessel i^geo/j^c, to be admeasured according to the admeasurement prescribed 74, by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the better ascertaining the tonnage and burden of hips and vessels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coasts thereof; for amending so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the suing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted in the court of exchequer in Scotland; for appropriat'vig the duty on oak bark, granted by the said act; and for obviating doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the drawback upon certain calicoes; and the bounty upon brithh made cordage exported to the islands of Madera, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Westerri Islands; and if it shall appear by such admeasurement that any such ship or vessel is of the burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards, the officer or officers so (topping and detaining her and her cargo shall not be subject or liable to any action for damages occasioned by such stoppage and detention; and if the master or Penalty on commander of any ship or vessel outward bound to foreign entering vef parts, having tobacco on board her, shall enter and clear out fels sr^ter such ship or vessel in the collector's book at the customhouse, re* of the burden of seventy tonnes, or upwards, and such ship or vessel shall not be of so great burden, according to the admeasurement prescribed by the said act, he shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence,

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any ship Tobacco of

or vessel whatsoever, under the burden of seventy tonnes, coming more than

or 100 pounds

4*6

weight on board any vessel under 70 tonnes, found hovering or at anchor within certain limits, to be forfeited.

Mailers js F vessels found hovering or at anchor in certain limits forfeit 10.0l.

Bonds deem edtobedueon the day mentioned in their conditions, andinterestto be paid agreeable to

4 Anne, C 6.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. Sir [1785.

or arriving from foreign parts, or having cleared outwards inf Great Britain for foreign parts, and having on board one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, or any tobacco (talks 6r Items (tripped from the leaf, shall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coasts thereof, or shall be'discovered to have been within the said limits or distance, and not p/oceeding on her voyage wind and weather permitting (unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, of which necessity and distress the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice, and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs, of any port within the limits of which such ship or veffd shall be found, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel within the limits of such port) all such tobacco and tobacco (talks, or stems (tripped from the leaf, together with the hogsheads, bags, boxes, calks, chests, cases, or other packages whatsoever containing the same, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether bulk shall then b&ve been broken, or not) and the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any ship or vessel whatsoever, of the burden of seventy tonnes or upwards, having such goods on board as aforesaid, either homeward bound or outward bound, shall be found at anchor, or hovering as aforesaid, or shall be discovered not to be proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, and not any distress shall happen as aforesaid, and notice thereof be given as afgre said, the master, or other person having or taking the charge of command of every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all bonds which shall be given for the several and respective duties on tobacco by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said respective bond or bonds for the payment thereof; and that such interest shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds as are directed by an act of parliament, made" in the fourth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne entitled. An act for continuing an additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage end certain duties upon coals culm and cinders and additional duties of excise; and for settling and establishing a fund thereby and by other ways and means for payment of annuities to be sold for raising a further supplyto her Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and six and other uses therein mentioned; which interest shall be computed from the day the bond or bonds shall respectively become due, to the day whereon it or they shall be paid off in money, or the day the searcher certifies upon the debenture that the tobacco was shipped for exportation, notwithstanding such tobacco doth or, shall remain unexported j and no such security

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8r. 417

shall hereafter be vacated, until all such interest shall be paid thereon; any law, custorh, or usage to the contrary not with fia riding.

L And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on, whatsoever shall, at any time or times hereafter, in order to crafins, mark defeat any of the purposes or intents of this ai, erase, cut out, on ac age*burn out, blot out, or in anywise whatsoever alter, change, or deface any mark or number, or marks or numbers, which was or were burnt in or set upon any hogshead, cask, chest, or case Whatsoever, of tobacco, in his said majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or in the United States of America, or which shall be set, stamped, or affixed thereori in Great Britain Upon the importation of landing thereof, or Which was or were fetor stamped, or affixed thefeori in Great Britain, upon the exportation thereof from thence to fdreigrf parts, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and lose the fund of twenty pounds for each and every hogshead, cask, chest, of case whatsoever, of tobacco, the mark whereof shall be so altered or defaced as aforesaid. r

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several aftd respectProprietors to tive proprietors of the ships and vessels which shall be so respectbe at the.ex'

i'i 1 npnpp prit

tively riidored at the places aforesaid, shall so moor, or cause j.ifque the same to be so moored, at their foie expense and risque; and mooring the y, and the proprietors of the cargoes on board such ships vessels. respectively, and not the crown, shall take the risque of, and bear every damage that may happen respectively to such ships and their cargoes, while they shall remain at such mooring places.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the merchants, and All expenses hot the crown, shall respectively bear all the charges and expences incurred in any way, by unshipping, bringing, carrying, ^nand or conveying any tobacco as aforesaid from the several and re from ware spedlive ships so importing the same, to the several and respecthousesto be tive places of lariding, and from thence to the respective ware born by the houses as aforesaid, in which the same tobacco is to be so de excepuhe^x posited as aforesaid, or in the bringing, carrying, or conveying pences of the tobacco from such respective warehouses to and on board the revenue offi* several and respective ships, in which the same is or are to be cers* respecti.vely exported to foreign parts, save and except the charges and expenses of paying the revenue officers, under whose especial care the said tobacco shall be so respectively conveyed, either froth the ship to the warehouse, on importation, or from the wdrehoufd to the ship, when for exportation; any law,

Custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective pro Expenses of prietors of the tobacco, so to be brought as aforesaid to the re ^oithea's specftive warehouses before mentioned, shall be at the foie ex from the to pence of dripping or taking the hogsheads in which the tobacco bacco to be shall be so imported as aforesaid from the tobacco, before the born by the same shall be so Weighed as aforesaid. proprietor.

418

If bonds arc not duly discharged, the tobacco maybe sold for payment.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. [1785.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of such tobacco as shall be deposited in such warehouses as aforesaid, and for which bond or bonds shall have been given for the payment of the duties as aforesaid within eighteen months, shall not, at or before the expiration of such eighteen months, forthwith, either by debenture or debentures on exportation of such tobacco, or by payment of the several duties for which his or their bond or bonds hath or have been respectively given as aforesaid, discharge his or their obligation or obligations, or any part thereof, but that the tobacco, or any part thereof, shall continue and be (fill remaining in the said warehouses for want of the payment of the duties due thereon, in such case it shall be lawful for the said of, or principal officers of the customs for the time being, and who are hereby required and empowered so to do, to cause the said tobacco so remaining to be publicly sold by inch of candle, first giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days notice, or leaving the same in writing at the place of his or their Taft abode; the product thereof, after such sale, first to be applied towards payment of the customs and duties, rind charges that have been expended thereon, and the overplus (if any) to be rendered and paid to the proprietor, or other person lawfully authorised to receive the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the goods, vessels. horses, cattle, carts, wagons, and other carriages and things forfeited by this ai, shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, and that all the penalties and fines instidted by this act shall and may be prosecuted and sued for, and the causes and controversies tried', heard, and determined in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster (if the offence shall be committed in England or if the offender or offenders be in England at the time of commencing the prosecution), or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh (if the offence shall be committed in Scotland, or if the offender or offenders be in Scotland at the time of commencing the prosecution), at the election of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in that part of the united kingdom where the offence or offences shall be committed, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall fee allowed; and such penalties, or the sums recovered, shall be paid and applied in the following manner; (that is to say, )j if such prosecution shall be carried on at the expense of the officer, then one moiety of whatever penalty shall be recovered, either upon a judgement obtained on such prosecution, or upon a composition made thereon, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer^if such prosecution shall be carried on under the regulation made by the lords of of his majesty's treasury, by their warrant, dated the twenty seventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, then such officer shall be entitled

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8r.' 419

to and paid one third of such penalty or composition; and if such prosecution shall be carried on at the expense of the crown, then such officer shall be entitled to and paid one sixth of such penalty or composition; law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all seizures made, and forfeitures inflicted by this ashall and may in like manner sutures are to be prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined in any of his Ma be tried, and jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exche how to be quer at Edinburgh, respectively; and one moiety of the net pro appded. duce of such seizures and forfeitures, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale from the whole, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall inform, prosecute, or sue for the same, provided the requisitions of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the Act 5 Geo. $ 'better fe curing and further improvement of the revenues of customs, C3* exciser inland and salt duties; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and manufacture of the said if and, under certain refir ift ions and regulations; be complied with by such officer or officers; but if the conditions of the said recited act shall not be complied with, then such officer and officers shall, in each and every such case, in lieu and instead of such moiety, be entitled to and allowed no more than one third part of the net produce arising by the sale of such seizure: provided nevertheless. That all seizures of horses, cattle, carts, wagons, and other carriages whatsoever, for being used in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of any goods contrary to this act, shall and may Jbe examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and deter. miiied by and before any two of his majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where such seizure shall be made, in such manner, and by such and the like rules, as the seizure of any horses, cattle, or carriages, liable to forfeiture for being used in removing, carrying, or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may be examined into and proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any at of parliament in force; and such judgement which shall be given in pursuance of this act is hereby declared to be taken and adjudged good, valid, and effectual in law, and final, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any appeal, or any writ or writs of certiorari, any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tobacco Condemned (talks, and snuff, which shall be seized and condemned, shall be ^at^beburnt' burnt and destroyed in the presence of the collector and comp and the officer stroller of the customs for the port where such tobacco shall hap who seized pen to be at the time of such condemnation, or in the presence (kali he paid idf such officer as shall be appointed by them for that purpose; events at the and that all rewards or allowances to which the officer or pffi rateof6d. per pers who shall fei's and prosecute the same are entitlecj by law, pound ofw

jrjo Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. $2. [1785.

baccoorsnuff, shall he paid by the receivers general of the customs at Londm or pound otto Bfinbvrgh*spefftively, or by the respetftiye cqliedtprs in the out bacco (talks" p01^ wbpte such tobacco, tobacco flalls, or (puff wafc seizecj, or damaged and bffirpt or destroyed, to such officer or officers, out of ay Q? tobacco. the duties or revenues arising from the customs applicable to ip V cidents; (that is tp say). If it is tobacco, or tobacco snuff, so burnt and destroyed, the same shall be paid at and acto: the rate anci proportion as if the said tobacco, or tobacco fn^ff, had been Sold on condemnation for sixpence per pound; and if it is tobacco ffialks, or damaged tobacco, then the officer so seizing shall have and be entitled to one penny per pound for every pound weight of tobacco stalks, or damaged tobacco, so condemned and burnt

in lieu of all other allowances.

Defendants lviiiv And be it further enacted, That if any a&ian qr salt may plead the shall be co, mm^c^ ag?inst any person or persons for anything geneia 1 uc.; n p; urfu4nce of this act, the qefeodaat pr defendants in'such atftion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the speqial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue atftion jfter the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants "shall and may recover and recover treble cpft^, and have the like remedy for the same as defend treble costs, fits have in other cases by law.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, w ho have omitted, to register or deliver in their qualifications within the tiipe limited by law, and for giving further time for thote purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid 5 and for allowing them time, to provide admissions duly stamped; give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and fokcitors; and for indemnifying persons"who have acted as truivees of turnpike roads, in certain cases, and declaring their proceedings valid.,

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act 1 Geo. j. see. X C 13. act 13 Car. a. see. 2. C 1. act 25 Car. 2. C 2. act 30 Car. 2. see. 2. C 1. act 8 Geo. 1. c. 6. act 9 Geo. 2. c. 26. act 18 Geo. 2. c. 20. and act 6 Geo 3 C 53. through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accidentbefore the passing of this act; and Who shall, on or before pec. a5, 1785, qualify themselves, shall be indemnified against forfeitures. But not to indemnify any person for any penalty incurred against whom final judgement hath been given. Nor'to exempt justices acting without legal qualification. Persons producing

appointments and admissions to offices before Dec. 25, 1785, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, etc. may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from ail penalties and damages incurred by reafori^of

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. g.83, 84. 42(

of ooiiffian$. Not to extend to restore persons to any office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall cause affidavits of clerks articles to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1785, are indemnified and discharged from penalties. Trustees for repair of turnpike roads not duly appointed, indemnified fqr acting. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general issue.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for further postponing the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to the 5th of January* 1787.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to limit the duration of polls and scrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to serve in parliament for places within England, and Wales, and for, Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parlia menu

[Preamble.]

FOR the better regulation of poilh and scrutinies, be it e nailed

by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from after the first day of August, one From Aug. 1, thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, every poll which shall 1785. every be demanded at any election for a member or members to serve p°ll muffc^ in parliament for any county, city, borough, or other place, th^ttstthe within England, Wales, or for the town of Berwick upon Tweed, day after it is shall commence on the day upon which the same shall be de demanded, manded, or upon the next day at furthest, (unless it shall hap unless it be pen to be a Sunday, and then on the day after;,) and shall be must neon duly and regularly proceeded in from day today (Sundays ex tinue more cepted) until the same be finished, but so as that no poll for than 15 days, the election of any member or members to serve in parliament,

shall continue more than fifteen days at most (Sundays excepted;,) and if such poll shall continue until the fifteenth day, then the same shall be finally closed at or before the hour of three in the afternoon of the same day; and the returning officer or of Return to be ficers at every such election shall, immediately, or on the day next after the finaj close of the poll, truly, fairly, and pub poii^or the Jickly declare the name or names of the person or persons who day after, un have the majority of votes on such poll, and shall forth less a scrutiny with make a return of such person or persons, unless the return is demanded., ing officer or officers, upon a scrutiny being demanded by any Candidate, or any two or more electors, shall deem it necessary to grant the same; in which case, it shall and may be lawful Regulations for him so to do, and to proceed thereupon, but so as that in for making alt cases of a general election, every returning officer or officers Va scrutiny having the return of a writ, shall cause a return of a member or 0 r members to be filed, in the crowa office on or before the day on

tly.

4*

objections to voters to be decided alternately.

Poll to be kept open seven hours daily.'

Within two days after receipt of the writ, proclamation to be made of the election which must begin between the loth and 16th day after proclamation.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 84. [1785.

which such writ is returnable; and every dther returning officer or officers, acting under a precept or mandate,shall make? return of a member or members, in obedience to such precept or mandate, at lead six days before the day of the return of the writ by virtue of which such election has been made 5 2nd so that in case of any election, upon a writ issued during a session or prorogation of parliament, and a scrutiny being granted as aforesaid, then, that a return of a member or members shall be made within thirty days after the c!ofe of the poll, (or sooner, if the same can conveniently be done.)

III. And be it enacted, That whenever a scrutiny shall be granted as aforesaid, and there shall be more parties than one objecting to votes on such fcrutiriy, the returning officer or returning officers shall decide alternately or by turns on the votes given for the different candidates who shall be parties to such scrutiny, or against whom the same shall be carried on.

III. And in order that electors may have full time and opportu nitytopolu be it enacted, That all and every returning officer and officers, unless prevented by any unavoidable accident, shall, during the continuance of the poll, on every day subsequent to the commencement of the lame, cause the said poll to be kept open for seven hours at the least in each day, between the hours of eight in the morning and eight at night.

IV. And whereas inconveniences may artje from the time allowed by the laws now in being for proceeding to an election of a knight or knights to serve in parliament, for any county or Shire in England or Wales; be it enacted, That, immediately after the receipt of the writ for making any such election, and indoriing on the back thereof the day of receiving the same, as by law required, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff of such county or Shire, and he is hereby required, within two days after the receipt thereof, to cause proclamation to be made at the place where the ensuing election ought by law to be held, of a special county court to be there held for the purpose of such election only, on any day, Sunday excepted, not later from the day of making such proclamation than the sixteenth day, not? sooner than the tenth day; and that he shall proceed in such election, at such special county court, in the same manner as if the said election was to be held at a county court, or at ah adjourned county court, according to the laws now in being 5 provided always, That the usual county court for all other purposes, or any adjournment made thereof, shall take jplace, be held, and proceeded in, by the sheriff, or his deputy, and may from time to time be further adjourned and proceeded in, in such and the same manner, and at the same times and places, as if the writ for the election of a knight or knights of the Shire had not been received.

V. And whereas, although from the various and disputed rights of voting in fever a I cities, boroughs, and other places, a positive oath of qualification cannot be required from the elehors, yet it is apprehended that unqualified persons may be deterred from polling at such'

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. G s4. 42 j

eieftiomy under fiflitious names or otherwise, by requiring from electors previously to their pollings the oath or affirmation herein after mentioned; be it therefore farther enabled. That, from and An oath to after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon every election to be made, within that P

part of Great Britain called England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, of any member or members to serve in parliament, in all cases where no oath or affirmation of qualification, other than the oaths or affirmations against bribery, or of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, can now by law be required, every person claiming to give his vote at the said election,

shall, (if required by any candidate, or any person having a right to vote at such election), before he is admitted to poll, take the oath (or, being one of the people called Quakers, make the solemn affirmation) following; (that is to say),

ID O swear, (or, being a Quaker, do affirm), That my name The o&th# is A.B. and that I am [specifying

the addition; profession, or trade of such person] ] that the the place of my abode is at in the county of

[and if it is a town confiding of more streets than one, specify" " what street; that I have not before polled at this elsblion^ and that I verily believe myself to be of the full age of twenty-one years.

which oath, or solemn affirmation, the returning officer or officers at such election, and his or their deputies and poll clerks, is or are hereby authorised and required to administer.

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Returning of day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, up ficers^utho' on every election of any member or members to serve in parlia rifedtoad inent for any county, city, borough, or place, within England duh^fcru or Wales, or for Berwick upon Tweed, it shall and may be law tiny, full for the returning officer or officers, if he or they fee cause, and he and they are in such case authorised, during the continuance of any fcrutir.y which shall have been granted as aforesaid, to administer an oath to any person whatsoever consenting to take the same, touching the right of any person having voted, iat such election, or touching any other matter or thing material or necessary towards carrying on such scrutiny.

VII. And vohereas it is expedient that all persons employed as poll clerks at elections^Should take an oath for the faithful discharge of their bffice, but the same is not at present required or authorised by lawy except in counties and other places for which there are expr, fs provisions made by Statute; be it therefore further enacted, That, from poh clerks to and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, at every election of any member or mem discharge" bers of parliament for any city, borough, or other place, within of their duty. England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, every person whom the returning officer or officers shall retain to act as a clerk in taking the poll shall, before beginning to take such poll,

424 " Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 84. [1785.

be fwoth by such returning officer or officers truly and indifferently to take tfre said poll, and to set dowh the name of each toter, and his addition, pvofeffion, 6r trade, and the plate of Ink abode, and for Whbfn hie shall poll; and to poll no perfoti Who is ri'bt fworri dr put to fiis affirmation, whereby this, or any other Statute, any oath or affirmation now is, or hereafter shall be required, which oath of every such poll clerk the said returning officer or officers is or ate hereby authorised and required to admirtifter.

persons tak

VIII. And be it Further enacted, That if any person, in taking, or fub ing any Oath 6r affirmation herein before appointed of autho to^tke^a ers d 10 ta^erl before ahy returning officer or officers, shall false oath, LI thereby cotridlit wilful perjury, and be thereof convicted; if able to the any perfoti shall Unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any paius inflicted other person to take any such oath or affirmation, whereby he sand »zgeo. or comm such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof

a' C 35.*corividied, he or ftie so offeriding shall incur such pains and pe,

as are inflicted in and by two acts of parliament, the onfc

made iti the fifth year of the reign, of the late Queen Elizabeth, (entitled. An act for punishment of such personas shall procure or coinmit any wilful perjury); the other made in the second year of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act for the more effectual preventings and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and subornation of perjury; and to make it felony to steal bonds notes, or other securities for payment of money), for any perjury or hibernation of perjury, contrary to the said acts. 1 Kottoextend

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in to places this act before contained shall extend to or in anywise afsect, rula^reesa regulate the mode or time of proceeding at any election

tionb have f any triertiber or triembers for any place where particular re been enacted gulations, touching the duration of polls and ferutinies, rise spe

by Astute. cially ehribted by Statute, but that every such election shall be

begun and carried on in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

Where rex. And whereas an act was passed in the tenth year of his present

turns have Majestfs reign, (entitled, An act to regulate the trials of.contro

made ?aveled ted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament); committee Qhd another act was passed in the eleventh year of his said Majesty's may be ap reign, for explaining and amending the said former act: and whereat

pointed, con no provision is made therein for the baring and determining any pe ic^geo C ^tion, unkfi the same shall complain of an undue election or return of 16. and n members to serve in parliament; be it therefore enacted, That, Geo. C 42. from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, if upon any writ or writs to be issued for the election of any member or members to serve in parliament, no return shall be made to the same on or before the day ori Which such writ is made returnable; or if a writ shall have been

issued during any session or prorogation of parliament, and no return shall be made to the same within fifty-two days after the day on which such writ bears date; or if the return made in Either of such cases shall not be a return of a member or members,

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 84.

according to the requisition thereof, but contain special matters only concerning such election; it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, having had, or claiming to have had, a right to vote at such election, or claiming to have had a right to be returned as duly elected thereat, who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved, tq petition the house of commons concerning the same; and upon such petition being pre Notice of the fented, a day and hour shall be appointed for taking the same meeting of into consideration, and notice thereof in writing shall, be forth with given by thetpeaker to the petitioners, and to the return petitioners ing officer or officers by whom such return ought to have been and return made, or shall have been made, accompanied with an order to ing officers, him or them to attend the house at the time appointed, by himself or themselves, his or their counsel or agents; and a select committee shall be appointed, according to thediredions of the said two recited acts, for regulating the trial of controverted elections; which committee shall try and determine whether any, and which of the person or persons named in such petition ought to have been returned, or whether a new writ ought to issue; which determination shall be final to all intents and purposes; and the house being informed thereof by the chairman of the said feled committee, shall order the same to be entered in their journals, and give the necessary directions for ordering a return to be made, or for altering the return if made, or for theiffuinga new writ for a new election, or for carrying the said determination into execution, as the case may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the rules, ui ns, regulations, authorities, and powers, given or prescribed by^either of the said recited acts for regulating the trial of controverted elections, with respecto feled committees to be appointed by virtue of the said acts, or either of them, shall be in full this act. force and effect with respect to feled committees to be appointed by virtue of this present act, in as Tull and ample manner as

if the same were herein repeated and particularly and specially enacted concerning the same.

XII. Provided always, That if the returning officer oroffi whertreturit* cers, by whom such return ought to have been made, or has canno^ches been made, cannot be found so as to be served with the notice found, or da or order herein before mentioned, or being served shall not ap not appear at' pear by himself or themselves, his or their counsel or agents, comrftittees, at the day or time appointed for taking such petition into con a bear sideration, it shall and may be lawful for the house to permit or pointed toap^ authorise any person to appear in the stead of him or them; pear in their and in case there shall be more petitions than one presented, stead, and jqpmplaining of such return, or omission of a return, on distinct ^one^e interests, or complaining upon different grounds, the house tltion is pre shall determine from the nature of the case whether the return fented, the ing officer or officers, or person appearing in the stead of him house tode or them, shall, together with such petitioners, be entitled to the?thete C strike off from the list of members drawn by lot, in the manner turning officer directed by the said act passed in the eleventh year of the reign i3 to strike off

of 10 Geo. if C 16. and 11 Geo. 3. c. 43* extended to

'426

from the list

of members drawn by lot.

Returning officers liable to prosecution for offences against this act.

Returning officers may be sued for neglecting to return persons duly elected.

Actions to be commenced within one year after the offence, or six months after conclusion of proceedings in the house.

Poll may be adjourned from Winchester to Newport in the Isle of Wight, canno

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 84. [1785.

of his present Majesty, in the case where there shall be more than two parties before the house, or whether such list shall be reduced by the parties severally presenting the said petitions only.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any sheriff, or other returning officer or officers, who shall preside at any election of a member or members to serve in parliament for any county, city, borough, or place, shall wilfully offend against, or act contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every inch person shall be liable to be prosecuted by information or indictment in his majesty's court of king's bench, or at any court of oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, town, or place, where such offence shall be commitred, in which no Nolle prosequi or cejjet procejjus shall be granted; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any sheriff or returning officer shall wilfully delay, neglect, or refuse duly to return any person who ought to be returned to serve in parliament for any county, "city, borough, or place within Great Britain, every such person may, in case it shall have been determined by a select committee, appointed in the manner herein before directed, that such person was entitled to have been returned, sue the sheriff, or other officer or officers, having so wilfully delayed, neglected, or refused, duly to make such return, and every or any of them, at his election, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster* or, the court of session in Scotland; and shall recover double the damages he shall sustain by reason thereof, together with full colls of suit.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every indictment, information, or action, for any offence against this act, shall be found, filed, or commenced within one year after commission of the fact on which such indictment, information, or action shall be grounded, or within six months after the conclusion of any proceedings in the house of commons relating to such election.

XVI. Provided always, That notwithstanding anything in this act contained, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff of the county of Southampton, and he is hereby required, after any poll for the said county shall have closed at Winchester, and which shall always be closed within the space of fifteen days at the most, in the manner above required, to adjourn the poll to Newport in the isle of Wight, in case the same shall be required by one or more of the candidates, so that every such adjourned poll shall commence within four days from the close of the poll at Winchester, and shall not continue longer than three days at the most \

1785.] Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 85 — 94.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for paving the footways in the borough of Reacting, in the county of Berks; for better repairings deanfings lightings and watching the fireetss lanes* passages, and places in the said borough; and for removing incroachmentss obstructionss and annoyances therefroms and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for better watchings lightings and cleansing such parts of the pretin ft of Saint Catherine near the tower of London, in the county of Middlesex, as are not included in the provisons of certain acts passed in the seventh and ninth years of his present ma jiffs reign; and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for extending the Dudley canal to the Birmingham canal at or near Tipton Green, in the county of Stafford,

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for lighting and watching the village of ciapham, and certain roads leading thereto, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for supplying the inhabitants of the parish of Lambeth, and parts adjacents in the county of Surrey, with water.

CAP. XC.

An act for the better pavings deanfings and lightings the jlreetss lanes, ways, and passages* within the borough of Arundel, in the county of Sussex; for removing and preventing incroachmentss obstructioniy and annoyances therein.

CAP. XCI.

An act for taking down the market house in the borough of Bridport, in the county of Dorset, and rebuilding the fames together with a fffion or court houses in a more convenient situation; for removing the fiambless or butcher row -> for better pavings deanfings lightings and watching the said borough; for removing and preventing mtifiances and annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new houses or buildings within the said borough with thatch.

CAP. XCII.

An act for drainings preservitigs and improving certain low grounds and carrs in the several parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the east riding of the county of York.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for the removal and rebuilding of the council chambers guild halls and gaols of the city of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the tolls of the markets and regulating the chairmen within the said city.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for repairings new pewing9 eatings and erecting galleries and making other alterations and additions in and to the parish church of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

Anno vicesimo quinto Georgii III. [1785.

CAP. XCV.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of ghrift Church, for wf/* The Holy Trinity, within the city of Bristol j and for widening the jlreets adjacent thereto.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for amending two acts, of the eighth and sixtetrith years of his present Majesty, for opening certain passages and for paving the streets and' other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such part of Hog Lane as lies within the liberty of Norton Falgate, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

CAP. XCVII.

An act to enable the mayor and community and citizens of the city of London to pull down the Poultry and wood street Compters, and to purchase certain ground and buildings within the said city for the purpose of rebuilding the same.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands tenements, and hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the county of Middlesex, in exchange for the inheritance of certain buildings or bar rads, and land adjoining thereto* and also of certain ground contiguous to Tin mouth Castle, in the county of Northumberland, belonging to the duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other compensation as shall be a full confederation for the Jame; and also to empower the said duke to make such exchange.

---

CAP. XCIX.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from The Trent to The Mersey and the company of proprietors of the navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a navigable canal from the said Trent and Mersey navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said county; and for confirming certain articles of agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the Coventry, canal navigation companies.

CAP. C

An act for amending and improving the navigation of the river Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the parish of Houghton, in the county of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the parish of Wisborough Green in the said county; and for continuing and extending the navigation of the said river Arun, from the said wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said county of Sussex.

END of Part I. Vol. XXXV

